live in northeast and get about 2 weeks of snow a year .
so i 'm a pretty big nub when it comes to pvp .
i know pve like the back of my hand but have never really done pvp .
and i got a ps3 and i 've been doing a lot of invasions but i realize i really suck it pvp .
so i was wondering if anyone had some tips on how to git gud .
i get the customer code error and i have already called apple support and a senior advisor was not able to fix it for me .
however i realized that the smuuid generated by uuidgen in terminal is different every time i enter uuidgen on terminal after rebooting .
hey most of my friends are out at a hotel right now partying away but i 'm sitting at home tending to an injury .
anyone out there staying in for the new years that is up for a little chat ?
i 'm asian but you dont have to be !
ive got most of the regular chat apps if youd rather not use reddit .
tl dr is 375ug of lsd and .2g of mdma too much for someone with mild trip experience in a large social situation ?
i 've candy flipped twice before once with 200ug of lsd and .05g molly once with 100ug of lsd and .1g molly .
i 've also done 200ug of lsd by itself a couple times .
both candyflips were with close friends only 4-5 people my lsd trips have been the same or alone although i went to a big party 8 hours into a 100mg trip and felt decent socializing .
i 'm sort of introverted in that i do n't really like big groups of people i do n't know but i love hanging out with friends i do n't get the whole introvert need to be alone '' thing .
so tonight i 'm currently driving to a nearby college town with my usual trip buddies we have plenty of mdma and lsd 125mg tabs we are planning on both meandering campus by ourselves and attending a big party .
my plan originally was to take 3 tabs 375mg and .2g of mdma but i 'm worried it will be way too intense to be in a social setting .
update trip was great with 250ug and .3g of mdma .
picked up a smart car fortwo for an economical commuter car any practical mod suggestions to increase mileage ?
maybe a dumb question but i ca n't seem to land it reliably .
is there a certain frame it spikes on or a certain part of the hitbox ?
it 's so hit-or-miss for me and i feel like i can seal off matches a lot faster if i can land that better .
i 've hear about using the scroll wheel but i want to keep the wheel on weapon switch .
is there a way to keep both actions to the scroll wheel and then bind a separate key to toggle the functions ?
they did this last year so i 'm not sure it 's news but just a psa for everyone .
b/o 260 250 240 235 keys but im open to offers of any kind so hit me up
also interested in swapping for a mw ch karambit or a mw low float crimson web karambit
had an old c/o of 230 keys but the trade fell through .
i my self have 55/10mbps interwebs and this should be more than enough for good ping however my ping bar was usually red and other players would be yellow-red but seldom in the green .
i 'm not sure if i lagged bad to others but during this ib i would get impossible deaths at least from my perspective .
so to fix this i port forwarded ps4 and destiny ports and now my ping is always green and i do see red bars but that 's usually because others players are lagging bad .
now i do n't die as much from conspiracy theory across the room anymore d
guinea pigs are cute but they also poop a lot .
so besides the fact that my neighbors have been setting off fireworks for a few days now do they do fireworks downtown/on the bay or anywhere ?
this was my december submission for the monthly contests over at r/fantasywriters .
while i 'm not exactly happy with the latter half of it i 'm currently thinking of ways to expand it .
the lights flickered alive yet the boy strapped to the chair did n't flinch .
in his short existence he had experienced far too much to be afraid .
he was still alive but the light behind his eyes was dead .
luz leaned forward placing a foot on her chair .
my friend and i are gon na ask you some questions .
you comply and we can end this as soon as possible.
luz paused glancing at her first mate in the dim corner behind her .
reim stood statuesque arms crossed with a silent but intense scowl .
he was saving his words for after the interrogation no doubt .
turning back to shim luz 's smile straightened into a hard line .
but if you want to be stubborn we can do this all night.
the boy nodded silvery hair swaying like spiderwebs caught in a breeze .
if you are referring to my power of divination then yes .
and if we are to label ourselves by these blasphemous titles then i suppose that would make you a savant and your companion an empath correct ?
the ropes dug into his arms leaving red marks against pale skin .
luz had ordered them extra tight for extra precaution .
few knew if the legends held truth of a seer 's true power .
yours are cold and distant while his are warm and passionate .
his scowl had dissipated and made room for a small smile .
you 're as observant as we expected luz said nodding .
she removed her foot from the chair and placed her hands on her hips .
but as fast as his façade broke he repaired vacant expression on his face .
the duke while a renowned patron is also a man of ... peculiar preferences .
his contributions to the church have earned him considerable respect along with some notable immunities .
i am not his first doxy but my divination is far too valuable for him to discard of me like my predecessors .
i 've found myself always at his side as a result.
luz closed her eyes taking in all the information .
a spark of joy yet also disgust sparked in her .
she chose to focus on the former if only for now .
when she opened her eyes she was met with shim glancing downwards .
she could n't tell if he was avoiding her gaze or deep in thought .
then again she did n't care to find out .
then surely you 're the reason for his recent ascension amongst the nobles ?
you could steer him in the right direction during important decisions by predicting the different outcomes.
my divination is limited like all powers the boy said .
for every bit of the future i see it eats away at my memories .
you sacrifice feeling for your calculating nature and your companion becomes less of an erudite to better assess one 's emotions .
i have already lost so much that taking any more memories could prove detrimental to my wellbeing .
if i am not careful i could enter a comatose-like state or lose my sanity.
so you 're useless as a seer then ? luz asked frowning as she felt all her hopes dashed at once .
the boy only attempted to shrug again staring straight ahead .
the gods have blessed me with involuntary visions before free from me having to expend my own memories .
i have only experienced them when my life seems to be threatened .
i must admit i feared you at first but now i know you have no intentions of harming me. shim smiled his lips quivering like the act was rare .
you want to know the location of the vault of kings.
excitement returned shooting up luz 's arms like electricity .
even her clarity could n't subdue the emotions she had bottled up so long ago .
the duke had asked me the same question countless times .
each time i gave him the same answer as all other seers have given for the past twenty years.
the boy shuffled in his seat testing the rope 's strength again .
once he figured he would n't escape he sighed .
if my suspicions are correct the vault of kings lies deep in the eye of a black hole.
luz ran a hand across the translucent screen absorbing the information as it popped up .
every star nebula planet and more filled out the expansive map in her mind as the ship flew across space at an undetermined pace .
too fast to comprehend but too slow for luz 's hungry mind .
for the last time i 'm completely sure reim sighed .
he lay on the plush couch fingering the necklace hanging from his neck .
each time it caught the light of the nearby lamp it sprayed golden rays along the room 's walls .
one pierced luz 's screen obscuring a sliver of the voltaric galaxy as she attempted to memorize it .
after three separate chidings the empath had n't complied to her simple request .
the man stopped turning his necklace and looked at her expectantly with his signature smirk .
by the looks of it he expected to be reprimanded .
i 'm curious how an exorbitant amount of wealth could have been hidden away in a place that would kill any normal man she said .
but i would hardly say the man who owned the universe 's greatest fortune was anything normal. the empath looked luz up and down holding in a snicker .
i 'd think you 've been on this ship long enough to know flattery is worthless with me.
ever heard of them ? reim said shaking his head .
does the pitiful excuse for one in front of me count ?
the empath clutched his chest falling backwards on the couch with a muted plop .
his other arm shielded his eyes as a defeated sigh left his lips .
i 'm still not convinced by what the seer said .
and do you also not trust the best empath this side of the flian allegiance ?
i do n't make mistakes when reading someone 's emotions .
and besides that boy 's affiliated with the church .
those are the most honest bunch i 've ever had the misfortune of meeting.
because the duke of thaspia is a shining example of their sound morals right ? luz asked .
reim opened his mouth to counteract but stopped halfway .
not because she did n't know what to say but how to say it .
she sat on the arm of the couch by reim picking the correct words carefully before speaking .
and here i thought i 'd never see the day logic 's mistress spouting superstition like fact .
by the gods you sound like the kooks waiting for the universe to suddenly collapse .
luz turned her head trying to controlling to the burning sensation behind her cheeks .
it 's only a theory not my actual opinion .
after all he had no issue discerning our powers in little time .
i think he 's hiding more than he 's willing to admit.
and this includes the true location of the vault ?
it sounds far more logical than what he told us before.
she could count on one hand the amount of times his quips were well thought out .
but if he is withholding the truth from us how do you plan on getting it from him ?
we 'll first start with making sure his story remains consistent .
in the case it does then we 'll move to coercion .
if that does n't work then perhaps torture would be–
you ca n't tell me you 're actually considering torturing that kid all on the assumption that he 's lying to us.
i have no intentions of doing so without heavy consideration though .
i have to find the vault before the duke – or any noble that is – finds it.
and you 're really willing to go that far just for a fortune ?
do n't make me sound like the villain luz said shooting daggers at him .
the empath rose from the couch pacing back and forth .
he mumbled under his breath occasionally casting a disapproving look on luz .
she could n't remember the last time he had been so quick to show his anger without restraint .
at least he had never done so towards her .
you know reim said pointing a finger at her for the smartest person i know you can be really stupid sometimes .
i usually give you the benefit of the doubt because you 're the brains but not this time .
i wo n't let you pretend to be the heartless monster you 're not to fulfill some crazy quest for redemption .
if you want to scour the universe to restore your father 's name so be it .
but do n't think i 'll stand by as innocent blood is spilled.
i never intended to spill innocent blood but if it 's the fastest way then it will be done .
i 've never touted heartlessness on my sleeve but do n't mistake me as a saint .
i ca n't afford to lose what my father fought so hard to keep from the corrupt.
green light wrapped and bent around him molding a black silhouette against the soft touch of its glow .
you hardly fit the bill to be pirate he said disapproval deep in his voice .
i felt your emotions when shim told us about the duke .
you 're not the first captain i 've sworn allegiance under and i can tell you that the other men i 've worked with would n't have batted an eyelash .
and to no one 's surprise they 're all dead .
luz opened her mouth to retort but stopped with a violent shiver roared through her body .
pricks of ice ran down across her skin causing her to inhale sharply .
she turned around half expecting to find a specter looming over her shoulder .
instead two pale purple eyes watched her from the darkness .
shim ? she whispered like a child learning their first swear .
his face was as stagnant as ever but his curious eyes scanned the room with intrigue .
his chaffed and bloody wrists hinted at a far greater story .
i apologize for interrupting shim said with a slight bow .
when he noticed the two staring at his wrists he clasped his hands behind his back before clearing his throat .
but i have urgent news that could n't wait for your return.
her shoes clicked echoing off the walls in the still air .
before shim could continue a boom shattered the silence .
both luz and reim lost their balance toppling to the floor as the ship careened to one side .
the seer however managed to stay afoot with little more than a thoughtless shuffle .
once the din ceased he tilted his head upwards with a frown .
hmm i suppose i moved with too little haste .
tapping his chin shim lowered his gaze onto her .
there is a ring of stars surrounding clasped hands emblazoned on it sides.
the captain bit the inside of her cheek until the subtle taste of blood danced across her tongue .
you should go up to the starboard before they launch another volley on your cruiser .
by the interior dimensions i am assuming it can not withstand a large assault.
she turned back to reim who had mustered the strength to bring himself off the ground too .
however he did little to hide how much the first few shocks had shaken him .
i need you to watch our esteemed guest here .
the first mate nodded his fingers grasping at the sole earring hanging from his left ear .
luz returned her gaze on the boy in front of her .
under any other circumstance she would have tied him up in the darkest of cells .
however she had a sneaking suspicion he would still find a way out .
do n't do anything suspicious she said staring him down .
if you try to escape i will personally take upon myself to hunt you down.
i do not have desire to die in your company .
after giving the boy a quick scan luz made a dash for her personal elevator .
she rarely needed it on the account that attacks were almost nonexistent .
so far it had done little more than collect dust .
but in that moment she was thankful for it .
each second seemed to stretch until its limit enough to drive even the sanest man mad .
but luz held on if only until she reached the starboard .
its static hum was interrupted by two voices one annoyed while the other monotone .
please allow me to use it for only this instance.
ah captain luz ? the voice was definitely that of shim .
i apologize for the inconvenience but i have had a revelation .
i believe i know who the imperial ship belongs to.
the elevator jerked as it reached its stop but she paid it little heed .
ah well you see ... the intercom crackled again distorting the boy 's words .
luz banged her fist against the device but it did little to help .
on the other side was a man in a rich navy suit almost like a blob in space himself .
two armed soldiers flanked him wearing armor in a similar style to the giant ship floating above .
meanwhile luz 's ship was engulfed in its enormous shadow .
the suited man smiled and then gave a sharp bow .
a sharp nose hooked over a bushy mustache like a rocky protrusion extending from a mountain cliff .
my you 're not what i expected he said with a faint accent .
but i suppose the first rule when dealing with pirates is to not make assumptions .
he was familiar but she could n't place where .
i admire that in a person. when luz did n't respond he continued by placing a gloved hand on his chest .
however you may address me by my formal title – his royal duke of the thaspia .
if my sources are to be trusted i believe you are in possession of something of mine.
the man raised an eyebrow twisting his mustache between his thumb and index finger .
i hope you are aware that it is unbecoming of a lady to lie. his expression soured .
the duke stepped forward his willowy posture snapping into that of an oak 's girth .
his suit wrapped around his growing muscles until they had no more room fabric and seams on the edge of bursting .
give me shim and maybe i wo n't blow this ship into a cloud of debris the duke said his voice dipping an octave lower .
it paced to a beat of an emotion she had long forgotten .
most of the crew had made their way to the deck .
few did n't seem concerned by the man 's words .
if they did n't they were as good as insane .
well the duke demanded his hulking frame towering over luz .
are you going to give back what you stole ?
dozens of faces watched her taut with fear and uncertainty .
while none were new to sailing the same could be same for those experienced with political enemies .
another overzealous pirate ship trying to make a name for itself was no problem .
but when dealing with a man like the duke the situation was destined to end in a loss .
she funneled her fears deep away in her psyche leaving nothing left but pure logic .
the perks of being a muse in stressful situations meant not having to worry about intimidation 's phantom hand swaying one 's decisions .
do you know who i am ? she asked standing taller .
hair as black as the space eyes as cold as night .
that same smirk that drove the other nobles raving mad .
it 's been years since i 've see it .
and that means i am the true heir to the vault of kings .
with your seer i 'm going to find it and end everyone 's search.
the duke bellowed a laugh strong enough to shake the dome above .
a few of the crewmates flinched glaring up with hesitation as if they expected the whole complex to crumble down .
i see you 've inherited his ambition along with his looks too the duke said .
i must admit i have little patient for your kind .
your father hid away the secret to turning the tides of this war .
it should be put in the hands of a man with skills one who knows how to bring together whatever will be left of this needless conflict.
i suppose we 'll just have to see who comes across the vault first .
furrowing his brow the duke pivoted sharply the sound of his shoes scraping against the metal floor echoing for seconds afterwards .
the soldiers flanked at his side followed holding their guns high for anyone who dared to attempt a surprise attack .
i will not let some insolent child vex me so the duke said waving a dismissive hand .
shim was growing far too dull for me as of late anyway.
a soft blue light flashed around him and his men as his teleporter readied .
before he disappeared however the duke turned back to face luz once more .
he waved slowly as his body faded away but the words remained .
the alarms screamed like a dying beast in agony .
cursing luz ran to the steering wheel at the helm of the ship .
luz pushed past anyone standing in the narrow corridor to the wheel .
it spun fast enough that the pegs to blurred but she caught when her hands reached out .
looking at the monitor she tried to correct the ship 's direction but it did n't respond .
it only jerked from one side to the next with little warning wailing and flashing lights .
turning back she grabbed the first person she saw by the arm .
mouth agape the man nodded and then sped off .
meanwhile luz continued to wrestle the ship into submission .
the sound of footsteps approached behind but she did n't turn to face them .
what happened ? reim asked his words short and choppy .
luz grunted as the wheel pushed her in an unexpected direction again .
he is not a man who takes rejection well shim said appearing at her side .
unlike everyone else he did n't seem as frightened by the ship plummeting deeper into space .
however i must applaud your courageousness regardless of how reckless of a plan it was .
you may want to hold on to that thanks .
unless i can get control of this we 're either going to run through an asteroid belt or stray too close to a star.
would it be of any use to let you know of the other vision i 've been given ?
the captain stopped struggling with the wheel her full attention on the boy .
i 'm afraid i can not answer that with security shim said .
i saw the ship veering towards a black hole not far from here .
or it could just be another way we die reim chimed .
i am unclear of the outcome that is for certain .
however i hope that you do trust me now that you see i have no allegiance to the duke anymore.
a quick glance at the map showed the black hole shim referred to .
it was small but close enough for her to drift towards with the right handling .
the ultimate question was if she really wanted to take the risk .
taking a deep breath she grabbed the wheel and pushed it towards their new destination .
the ship shook yet somehow she kept it on track .
i 'm looking for a the 1975 band theme for my xbox one dashboard it 's the latest layout which came with an update a while back not a clue what nxoe means .
i 've been seeing read/write tests that show the speed differences between ssds and m.2 and i 'm curious if there is any real world difference in boot times between the two .
are there any tests/videos/benchmarks that show the difference in boot-up time between windows 10 on a ssd or on a m.2 ?
i 'm 16 years old not sexually active but planning to be and was wondering at what age did you first go to a gynecologist ?
first of all let me say thanks to jack on an amazing job with the planck .
my question is around dual role keys and specifically action_mods_tap_key .
i have this applied so that an alpha key gives say an 'a ' on tap and then alt on press .
the trouble is that this seems to accidentally trigger as the mod key all the time .
i had a look around and a patch for this is suggested here https github.com/tmk/tmk_keyboard/issues/215 but i 'm not sure how i would apply it .
i 'm trying to get craftsman 's specs but i 'm having trouble doing triplets with randoms .
none of the weapons in it are the ones i regularly use .
i can sorta do horn but i need more practice .
anyway if anyone wants to give me a hand trying to knock this one out i 'd really appreciate it .
message me so we can work out a time to meet up .
mine is to overcome writers block and get some substantial work on some of the screenplays i 'm writing .
in the coming year may your blades be sharp and your wits sharper !
and most importantly may 2016 see mhx for the west !
so i 'm a returning player from the launch days of destiny .
i had it for about a week on xbone back when the level cap was 20 and they introduced 'light levels ' so i 'm pretty out of the loop .
i 'm a level 31 hunter and on ps4 .
honestly for osiris i 'd say avenged sevenfold afterlife .
i need some moosic for playing as ah puch and some gods in general .
two handed the best generic greatsword you can get your hands on .
light armor thieves guild no helm best fits aesthetic .
i 've played the playlist alllllll day and i have n't gotten it once
i wan na sign up for the cs50 2016 course .
however i already signed up for the 2015 one .
the course videos are showing the 2015 ones which is correct .
but however the appliance is asking us to use the 2014 appliance ?
instructions not so clear can someone help me out ?
hi i 'd like to make a wishlist of some pieces that will never go out of style .
so as the title said i wish get away from consoles .
though after weeks of research i have come across my two choices .
i have been suggested these 2 laptops quite frequently and i am wondering which one i should choose .
i 've been told that pretty much the only difference between the two is that the first has a 970m 6gb and the second has a 960m 4gb i will hook it up to my tv and play through my sound system so screen res and speaker quality are n't that much of a concern .
is it really worth the extra money to upgrade to the other ?
i would like to play on high settings but how much would the difference effect it ?
was going to try running a clapton 1.2 ohm on my wife 's vv/vw mod .
is this feasible or should i just stick to regular kanthal ?
i know this thread http www.coh2.org/topic/36347/cruzz-s-the-more-you-know states some but one of my friends recently told me that kv-1 bulletins also apply to kv-8 and t-34/76 bulletins also apply to t-34/85 so i 'm wondering is there a full list of all bulletins that affect more than one unit ?
i guess i 've been very slowly collecting game boys since i was a kid .
but i 've been doing some reading lately and there are a couple of mods i 'd like to try out .
i 've fixed my share of laptops built loads of pcs etc. but my soldering skills are almost nonexistent .
which of these would be the easiest for a modding novice ?
not traded in about 6 months just wondering the price screen http imgur.com/d5gvj2n
stickers are sticker complexity gaming katowice 2014 ninjas in pyjamas katowice 2014 complexity gaming holo katowice 2014
only figured it out after seeing the vouchers for sale in costco .
i could pretty much solo with this in difficulty level .
the machine sniper rifle is now available therefore it is time to do some testing .
the weapons continuous damage and fire rate increases make it work perfectly with jack and his absolute advantage skill .
what characters and builds do you think the machine will work well with ?
i have ksprc installed and i was trying to get the ksprc config for opm to have the mod pack match stock but i ca n't seem to get it to work .
is this because the cloud config is n't updated for the new ksprc ?
i know it is n't rwby related whatsoever but i hope the mods can make an exception for this .
i have a few things i 'd like to share along with my own resolutions .
first off a big thanks for everyone for making an awesome community to be a part of .
i 've never felt so welcomed and glad to actually want to participate in conversations here even though i do n't actually converse with many here personally .
i could n't ask for a better group of people to nerd out with than everyone here .
now i have two resolutions for 2016 one that leads into another .
my first is i 'd like to know more animators 2d or 3d .
i 've never actually had friends who i could openly talk with about animation aside from dillon but he 's busy with rwby .
so i 'd be nice to talk with more people who share my same hobby/dream of being a 3d animator 2d is equally as cool .
i find more inspiration from bouncing off ideas from other people while working but i have n't been able to do that regularly .
my second is simply to get better at 3d animation .
kinda underwhelming to some but i 've always found myself becoming jealous of sorts when i see someone 's animations get a lot of attention especially if said comments tell the creator that they should be hired by rooster teeth .
that 's my dream and the thought of others getting there before me makes me think it 'll only get harder and harder to get there myself .
so i 'm hoping that if i actually get better and actually get my work finished and out there maybe i 'll be that one step closer to working there as well .
it 's a hard dream to have or even saying out loud like this since i 'm sure hundreds of people have the exact same dream i do but ... it 's something i 've been passionately working towards since monty 's passing .
and even though jealousy does pop up hopefully i 'm able to turn that into a tool of motivation .
i do n't personally need motivation to want to work but maybe using it to work faster would be good .
i know people do n't really know me all that well so spewing these thoughts out at you guys might seem a little off '' but i suppose that just emphasizes my comfort in this community .
so instead of making this about me i 'd like to hear what you all have as your own new year 's resolutions .
now i just need to get the hebridean thoughtcrime ...
how long did it take the rest of you to get your most-desired ships ?
and i am getting around 10-20fps on everything set to medium and ground and sky details turned off .
the only thing i have set up high is the resolution scale .
i 'm pretty sure t3 sab and def is still pretty solid but i 've got basically no keys left .
in the season 1 finale livia tells arty that tony set arty 's restaurant on fire .
is anyone else having trouble signing into their draft kings account ?
i 've got some solid stuff going right now and is keeps saying they are having trouble getting me logged in ? ! ?
as of now the titans mariota and browns manziel are 3-12 .
when they lose next week they will have the 1st and 2nd overall pick .
reddit stream https nba-gamethread.herokuapp.com/reddit-stream you must click this link from the comment page .
this game is hosted on avalon uhc part of the sankakkei network .
network ip au.sankakkeiuhc.net this will take you to our lobby join avalon by doing avalon or clicking the sugar in your compass menu
direct ip avalon.sankakkeiuhc.net use this to join directly to avalon uhc
information https redd.it/3qxh7i rules https redd.it/3qxh3p apply to host https docs.google.com/forms/d/1iyorpuwwotfapp99i6na_1gzpbssd9c7tahn0zku6zo/viewform ? usp=send_form twitter https twitter.com/sankakkeiuhc donate https paypal.me/sankakkei
vanilla basic vanilla minecraft with a few minor tweaks .
stalking allowed but if you get caught you must move away .
i will not let you spectate unless i know you well .
as a general rule spamming and excessive rudeness is not to be tolerated .
if you do so you will be muted after which if you spam or are rude in helpop you will be banned for an indefinite amount of time .
i host to have a good time i expect players to play for that too .
respect the operators as well as other players and we wont have any problems .
a few extra game changes notch apples are disabled ender pearl damage is disabled .
it 's a blue background with a white hatchet and white circular border .
unfortunately i do n't have the patch in front of me and ca n't post a picture .
i have an intel onboard mini-atx micro system gma 950 2gb ram with gigabyte mobo .
i have successfully booted 10.6.3 usb with no accelerated graphics .
i believe 10.7.x will work but needs dsdt.aml edit for graphics my gma950 is id 2772 .
info stating that chameleon/chimera now does the correct injection but that appears to be not working ? ...
there are some guides that recommend an older appleintelintegratedframebuffer kext too ...
in a few days i am going to a tournament in an area that i have never played .
therefore i am completely unaware of the area 's meta .
should i put vi on vader in case there are vi poes or stick to my usual predator soontir with at and tc ?
i got pulled over about 450am on a monday morning in october heading to work .
i commute from the town up the hill and it 's a 20 minute drive down hill from the town i live in to the town i work in .
i just got into the work town '' passed the 1st stop light and then his lights come on .
i pull over immediately window down before he walks up and turn my car engine off .
i drive a 2010 chevy malibu no body damage windows are not tinted .
normal conversation do you know why i pulled you over ? ''
honestly did not know and i did n't really see anyone following me either i pulled you over for speeding . ''
chp officer asks if i knew the speed limit i reply yes the speed limit is 45mph '' because i assumed the violation was in the area he just pulled me over in .
well yes the speed limit here is 45mph but you were speeding down the road in a different speed zone . ''
on this road in a 3 mile stretch the speed changes from 55 to 50 to 45 as you get closer to the work town '' .
the officer claims that he saw me '' going 73mph in the 50mph zone then immediately says that he clocked me with his radar going 53mph .
officer claimed that my tags were expired as well said they were 2014 and that 's also a reason he pulled me over explanation coming .
the officer asks if i have any warrants or felonies before even asking for my license and insurance .
i hand over my license and registration after he asks for it .
the officer asks me what i 'm doing driving from live in town '' to work town '' at 5am .
he asks for my current address and writes it down on some paper he pulls out i used to live in the work town '' so my license has my old address even though i moved 2 years ago .
he asks are you sure your car is registered ? ''
i found it odd that he asks me this again as if i 'm lying to him and i say yes ! ''
he then explains that i had 2014 tags showing but i know im registered until the end of 2015 .
officer comes back after a few minutes with the ticket already written out .
explains he 's giving me a ticket for speeding .
in my head i 'm like wtf you 're seriously writing me a ticket for 3mph above 50 at 5am and there 's no traffic ? ''
just listen to him explain that i will get something in the mail .
he asks for my signature and we 're on our way .
as soon as i get to my desk at work i bust out the ticket to look at it in better lighting .
officer wrote that i was going 60mph in a 50mph ! !
he also writes the location of the violation which is near the small creek the road goes over before getting into the work town . ''
the creek is about 3 miles/4 minutes back up the road from where i was pulled over i drive this road twice a day 5 days a week so i 've been keeping track of the time and distances of all the locations .
also ... this location of the violation is approximately 15 seconds at 50mph or 1/5 of a mile after the speed zone changes from the 55mph zone to 50mph zone .
there 's a radar device in-ground at this speed change '' location that alerts you of your speed .
the officer never mentioned the radar device at all .
if i was speeding even if i was going 73mph i would expect him to pull me over immediately .
i 've seen many times people pulled over in this 3 mile stretch so it is something that could have been done so it was weird for him to wait 3-4 minutes to turn on his lights .
fast forward to november i receive the paperwork in the mail to pay 269 or to plead not guilty .
i notice that the date of the violation is incorrect as well now .
it 's showing the violation for the thursday before the incident .
i filled out that i am pleading not guilty and sent the paperwork back on 11/19 .
finally on 12/16 i receive a reply saying i have court on 1/4/16 less than 3 weeks notice .
• is it legal or a common action for the an officer to change the speed of the violation even though he verbal said he clocked me going 53mph and not mention to me that he changed it on the ticket before i signed it ?
• the officer was subpoenaed so if he shows up and testifies that he saw me going 73mph '' can i counter with saying something along the lines it 's not what you know it 's what 's you can prove and you were attempting to prove to me that i was going 53mph with a radar device ? ''
• i did n't ask during the stop if i can see the radar which maybe i should have but is that something i can bring up in court ?
• can i ask to see when the radar device was last calibrated in regards to the traffic stop date to ensure it 's accuracy for when it was used on me ?
• if i point out to the judge the discrepancy of both the increase of speed i was ticketed for and the incorrect date of the violation would that have any legal advantage to me ?
• as for the distance/time that it took the officer to pull me over again 3-4 minutes/3 miles is there some kind of time or distant limit that the officer has to pull me over in ?
• i can get a print out of my punch in at work for that thursday proving i was already at work .
would that allow for the charge to be dropped or will the judge allow for the trial to continue because i 'm attempting to correct the date of the violation ?
is the court supposed to allow a period of time to make sure i can make the court date or is there no minimum amount of time given ?
i feel 3 weeks is very little notice to allow for me to get the time off from work .
thank you in advance for any advice help you can provide .
i 'm writing everyone back as quickly as possible .
while driving home from kayak point at about 5:15pm i found an older chocolate lab 60lbs in the road near the intersection of 135th pl nw and marine drive .
i checked with some of the neighbors in the area that were home and nobody recognized the dog .
since it was new years eve the shelters were closed one of the neighbors in the area offered to take the dog for the night in case someone came looking and then call a vet in the morning to see if the dog was microchipped .
here are three photos we able to take of the dog
if you know who this dog might belong to let me know and we can try to put them in touch with the neighbor that took the dog in .
i know it 's hard believe me but you will get through it .
your life is much more than just the fleeting shallow pond of the present it 's a vast ocean of experiences and relationships you have n't even experienced yet .
no matter how stormy that ocean may be storms never last .
look past the darkness and on into the warm light of the future .
i know it 's a herculean task to try and keep yourself heading forwards and ignore the rain and hail of sadness but i know it will end soon .
if you are alone tonight/today i know it may not help much but i and probably many others love and appreciate you unconditionally .
i hope your new year is full of clear skies and sunshine .
but they got anthrax mixed up with tampax and poisoned the wrong cunt
for about five years now this photo http lowres-picturecabinet.com.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/43/main/54/133096.jpg of a cannon aboard the ss great eastern has intrigued me .
now i understand that back in the day civilian vessels had some artillery pieces to defend against piracy but the ss great eastern was launched in 1858 .
this is at least 150 years after the decline of piracy in the atlantic .
so what purpose would mounting such a cannon aboard an ocean liner serve ?
it 's definitely not a cannon used for a gun salute as it 's too big .
here 's to another year of fucking greatness from these amazing people .
still not quite 2016 where i am but whatever !
thanks for the nomination for consistent gifter and happy new year !
looking forward to another year of living and giving .
to enter for to ak pick a number between 0000 and 2016 .
do n't post you trade link i 'll just find it from your post history .
good luck and best regards for the new year !
more often than not i get more deaths than kills .
my k/d usually hovers somewhere in the .75 range despite being rank 50 and having almost 5000 kills .
i can count the times i 've been in the top 5 players of the game on one hand using 2 fingers .
even when i get the drop on an enemy i sometimes die to them .
i can usually hit an enemy but i can never consistently get headshots .
without the usual git gud '' comments believe me i 've tried can anyone give some advice to help me not be a goddamn embarrassment ?
i have almost everything unlocked and upgraded card-wise and i have every blaster unlocked .
ive tried them all extensively but i just cant figure out which one would complement my poor aim the best for minimal fristration .
i 've played for over 90 hours and i do n't seem to be getting any better .
i love star wars and i genuinely enjoy the core gameplay but it just seems like everyone is better than me in almost every way .
edit i want to thank everyone for the words of encouragement and advice .
a few changes i 've made based on your responses that have helped me significantly are ...
a few friends had told me that it needs to be fairly high so that you can turn around quickly if someone sneaks up on you but its not worth it .
i set the sensitivity down to 20 and i 've been doing much better .
i 've also been making a conscious effort to finesse the stick so i 'm not jerking it around or always pushing it all the way in one direction .
i think might have been contributing to a lot of my problems .
also i 've tried picking a blaster the e-11 and sticking with it .
i wish the zoom was a little stronger though like the ee-3 .
i love that blaster but i 'm shit with it ...
i 've been using the jetpack a lot too .
it 's gotten me out of some bad situations and into some good ones .
just aim at their feet and away they go .
this has happened to me via pc dark souls on steam and it 's made me quit the game entirely
i got this friend of my to play the game so i wanted to share my steam library with him since he did n't have the money to buy it .
i passed him on my steam password changed and he downloaded the game and made sharing available on his computer .
he finished downloading it exit my account tried opening the game and found dsfix had crashed it tipical .
the issue is as soon as i tried opening the game myself every single one of my save files had been deleted and replaced by a different one he had made several months ago in a different computer with his own account .
i ca n't see this making even the slightest of sense and i honestly do n't expect anything since i probably ca n't fix it but how is this even possible ?
if i get rhino prime can i give it rhino skins ?
can i make my rhino prime look like this ?
i 'm at work with my champagne watching a stream of some kind of nye celebration from chicago with auld lang syne songs playing on youtube .
trade link https steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new ? partner=206125543 token=vjn9pssd or you can add me on steam http steamcommunity.com/id/samuri43 to discuss
it makes it so much easier to build when your in a tight space .
as you have the object you wan na move hold a on xbone or x on ps4 and it will keep you in place as the object moves .
i was wondering what the best bits/shows were of the first year on sirius 2006 .
i have just acquired the 2006 archive and want to hit the highlights on my new years break before i return to college then i can just listen to them all commuting to class .
it rarely ever happened to me in the first game but now it 's like you ca n't win the fight if you and the boss have n't died at the same time in at least one fight .
i 've been in wellington for 7 months now and i really want to meet new people but i 'm generally a nervous wreck when it comes to those meetup group things .
could anyone suggest some sort of activity type thing ?
i know this sounds very vague but i 'd love to find a new hobby and make some friends .
if it helps i have a law degree love cats and play guitar .
we were told to do no evals after february 20th because some guidance was changing .
i found the option to get a shortcut to open the app drawer but can you go one step further and have it open a tab or folder ?
those were my favorite from back in the warcraft iii days
i ask because i 'm tempted to moonlight a little taxi service .
having a small fast well armed two man ship could be very convenient for people trying to get off world without having to wait for friends to come and get them .
a reasonable fee and private hire service would work well do you think ?
or even smuggling fugitives would be a thing possible right ?
tad strange is revealed to be from the nightmare realm and stops bill
i still want to do a full 1.3 playthrough but the autist i am i want it to be on a perfect world !
does some1 have a save of an empty world or know how to create a world like this ?
great startout place with a natural hideout like a big cave or mountain .
i do n't know if its just me but when i tried to use my apple earpods model 2014 http www.apple.com/shop/product/md827ll/a/apple-earpods-with-remote-and-mic the sound does not come through on sdvx iii .
i 've tried on multiple machines in japan and in socal .
both times game sounds does not come through i tried to adjust the volume but to no avail .
i am new to sdvx so it just might be me being a noob but can anyone tell me if there is a certain requirement for headphones for sdvx and other bemani games .
i met this girl about a year and a half ago .
we got introduced by a mutual friend of ours and i guess we just kind of connected .
for the first couple of months while we started dating i swear it was the best honeymoon phase ever .
i got to know her so well and i really fell for her .
i love her so much and i really enjoy the time we spend together .
as time goes on by the honeymoon phase just kind of goes away i guess and that 's when we started to have a bit of trouble .
this is my first real relationship so i was really scared during our first fights because i did n't know how to handle them .
i went with my gut most of the time and rarely asked for any advice because i do n't really talk to much about my personal life .
except right now i guess so most of the fights we had were normal relationship milestones .
i love the way we work together because we are both very independent .
i can say for certain that i am not a jealous guy .
when we first started dating she told me that before me she had been going out with a lot of guys but that she was done with that .
i really do n't see any point in dwelling with the past of people so i told her that i really did n't care for that .
she told me that she still keeps contact with some of the guys she dated and asked if that was ok and i said sure .
i can go out with my friends anytime i want and she is fine with it as long as i see her at least one day a week which i am really fine with .
and she does the same and everything just kind of works .
during month 8 to 9 we had a real rough patch .
it was really hard because when she fights she used to talk really mean to me .
she would say things like fuck you '' this is your typical shit '' and stuff like that .
after this month ended i had enough so by the end i called her to break up .
while we were talking on the phone she started crying a lot and asked me why i was breaking up with her .
i went ahead and told her that i was just tired of fighting everyday and that i hated the way she talked to me when she was mad .
after about 3 hours talking we decided to see each other the next day to really talk things true .
the next day we started talking about everything and we decided to set some rules to the way we fight .
and i was really happy that we could talk about this .
this very day we had another fight regarding a friend of mine .
she told me she was jealous of her but that she did n't want to say anything because she thought she was being stupid and because she felt that because i was never jealous of her friends that she was n't allowed to tell me anything .
i told her that she had every right to tell me if something was making her uncomfortable and that i was going to stop talking to this friend .
do n't get me wrong her jealousy was well justified .
this friend '' i had started to tell every one that she had feelings for me and stuff so cutting communication was probably a good idea anyway .
so after this big fight where we almost broke up we kind of got back to normal .
it was weird at first and she told me it was because i had actually broken up with her and that it hurt her a little .
but after all we kind of worked through everything .
the rules we set have worked a lot and she has n't used bad language when we fight and neither have i .
the thing is that after all of this i think i just got tired .
i know that i love her a lot and that she is really great but sometimes i just want to break up .
i think maybe just posting this is helping me think things through .
tl dr me and my girlfriend of one year almost broke up on month 9 and even though we got through that i still feel like breaking up .
i still feel that i love her a lot to .
hey guys i need some valuable advice from here as i 'm thinking of getting an mx-5 but none of my friends own a two-seater as their daily driver .
i 'm single and there 's only me and my mom at home so for family occasions it 'll just be me driving her around .
also if i start dating it will just be me and my gf .
for work i only envision driving 1 colleague for meetings .
i 'm just thinking at the age of 30 and being unmarried this is the last years of my life i would get to own a two-seater .
i do n't imagine being wealthy enough to own a boxter on top of a family car in future .
some of my friends have been telling me it 's a stupid idea due to the fuel consumption and the insurance and also that i wo n't be able to drive my mom and my gf or a bunch of friends .
their recommendation is for a lancer or civic maybe an old impreza .
edit wow guys thanks for all the replies i 've read every single comment and upvoted even the negative ones .
i was seriously so stressed about this decision but it seems clear as day to me now .
i remember reading a notice recently that skillup monsters like chasers and bowl demons wo n't need to be evolved to be used for skillups .
does anyone know when that 's coming to na ?
i have a bunch of those taking up space in my box .
so basically an iwidget or any widget where i can scroll through days with arrows and see events for the day .
i just want to wish ya 'll a happy new year .
thanks for being awesome not just here but also on the discord channel .
much love from germany to where you guys live !
i mean it 's a multiplayer game after all they should sustain the activities of this game .
take for instance destiny i think its almost 2 years old and they keep on giving updates .
this is in a conversation at a new years party .
should i tell the guy or is it none of my business ?
for a week i kept thinking to myself i should put a picture on reddit inviting a woman in my city to celebrate the new year with me .
has anyone tried charging their ipad pro with any 3rd party usb-c to lightning cable and any usb-c charger apple or 3rd party .
did it improve charging the 4.5 hour charging time ?
photos are not required to fit the theme it is just to have fun with if you want to .
please feel free to post your not showing bumps as well .
it helps others see it can be normal and give you a starting point !
please message me if you have not received yours https www.reddit.com/r/babybumps/comments/3wpm10/december_card_exchange_matches_have_been_sent
after killing a general graardor it dropped a bandos hilt .
all the best for 2016 and i hope your enemies perished in 2015 if not then buy them a beer who knows they might actually get friendly
6 mr 4 strength and 9 av seems extremely strong compared to a drawback of 1 ag .
i get that they have poor ball management but considering how hard skinks are to hit it 's near-impossible to get to the skinks when there 's a line of 4 strength linemen between you and them .
hopefully a more veteran player can offer some insight to a newbie but i 've had nothing but trouble vs lizardmen on skaven chaos and orcs .
after killing a general graardor it dropped a bandos shield .
after killing a general graardor it dropped a pair of bandos gloves .
i really like trap/electronic music if you do let me know your favourites x
so yeah looks are n't everything and women are placed on very harsh standards when it comes to beauty but if i 'm allowed to be shallow for a moment ...
are any of you offended when ugly people take interest in you ?
i ask this because i ca n't see myself as anything above a 4/10 and i do n't want to make girls feel horrible about themselves when i hit on them .
also the only people i seem to attract are of similar physical 'meh'-ness imo so idk
once upon a time i needed hr akantor parts .
i join a multiplayer room to make things a bit faster .
the first room i join has 2 hr7s in it .
so we go into the quest and everything is fine .
i brought my gs set and cera cymmetry so i figure it 'd be pretty fast .
fought for a good five minutes or so no carts so far everything is looking good .
until all of the sudden akantor turns around and hits all three of us with his armor melting bite at once .
we all fly into the air and onto the ground and as we get up his tail swipe kills all of us and the quest is failed .
as for me i want all of my top5 's cards to be at least r31
today i wanted to farm my garuga gq but saw that the high rank questatrix had some new advanced quest .
i 'm like what the heck i am g3 i can handle some puny high rank monsters '' so i picked the quest with fatalis fade to black or what .
i 've never fought the monster before or visited this castle schrade place so i thought it would be fun to see what they are like .
this purple fucknugget i thought it was supposed to be black hits hard as fuck .
i thought i was fighting a high rank monster not a fucking g rank elder dragon .
sure you can avoid most of the attacks if you are at its hindlegs but the asshole 's dalamadur length tail will knock you off your feet eventually and then this shitbiscuit will suddenly teleport in front of you and blow you to kingdom come .
i wish i could strangle it with its own thin tail before hanging it on one of those fucking towers and watch it trash around helplessly as it suffocates .
i am sure i broke everything on this piece of shit so when i think about the rewards i would 've recieved if i killed it i just rage harder .
hi all i do have a huge problem ... it has been almost a week .
everytime i give wifi pw ping goes up 150 especially 300 when they open a video .
it was n't like this before and now i have to change pw everynight to play normally .
so its getting bigger problem and they criticize for why .
when im alone its 80 which is okay but as soon as i give it never goes to below 120 .
our family has had a tradition of gathering in the living room every january 1 cranking the tv volume up to an unhealthy level and watching the vienna new year 's concert for quite a few years now .
so i 'm asking nicely what should i do with my 2.5 million worth of players ?
how to start selling those players and how the hutrep works ?
my first thought was to sell them player by player in ebay but i have n't sold anything internationally there yet .
i 'm 37 years old and veteran auction house seller here in finland website called huuto.net but the 100 positive rep from years of selling items there does n't really help me with this dilemma .
i have seven years old xbox live account with 60k gamerscore and over 200 follwers there so i 'm really not trying to pull any scam here .
i can post a list of players here without selling prices and maybe you guys can help me out trying to figure out the best way of selling them ?
those are the ones i remember without checking and i might have something else too but nothing special besides those cards .
i had an a1200 which i loved but left behind when i went to university .
i ended up buying a laptop for my studies my first windows computer running xp .
i thought it was an ok os but my love of computers slowly died over the years i had no love for windows .
7 years later no-one wanted vista and xp had aged badly .
my senior at work introduced me to ubuntu 9.04 and a whole wave of nostalgia flooded back the first time i booted it up .
i bought a linux format magazine to accompany my new-found enchantment and almost cried when i saw a piece by nick veitch previous editor of amiga format .
to this day i look back with resentment on my 7 years with windows feels like looking back on an abusive relationship but maybe it was meant to have happened like that !
using ubuntu-mate 14.04 as my only os to this day on a thinkpad have a rekindled fascination for computers and oss and even got a subscription to linux voice https www.linuxvoice.com for christmas !
so what journeys have you taken since the last days of amiga ?
i am looking to build this cabinet http www.diynetwork.com/how-to/skills-and-know-how/carpentry-and-woodworking/how-to-build-a-trash-bin-with-a-butcher-block-countertop to both add some counter space to the kitchen bench but also to hide the bins away from a greyhound that likes to scavenge .
one thing i would like to add is a hole for scraping rubbish http picmia.com/img/1271886.jpg like the idea here .
my question is how do i get the rounded finish like the rubbish hole ?
http thefarmchicks.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/6a010534adb750970b015436cf04d2970c-450wi.jpg i am pretty novice at woodworking but am handy enough to build various stuff and certainly back myself to follow instructions but i can not think how to finish the hole for the life of me .
i prefere keys and maxbets but all kind of offers are welcome .
! all skin in here are not dubbed ! !
stattrak™ usp-s orion factory new http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197989770965/inventory 730_2_3249438352 0.029487695544958 http csgo.exchange/item/3249438352 sticker ninjas in pyjamas cologne 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 7c cologne 2015 sticker fnatic cologne 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c fnatic 7c cologne 2015 sticker olofmeister cologne 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c olofmeister 7c cologne 2015 sticker virtus.pro cologne 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c virtus.pro 7c cologne 2015 very clean look|40
awp lightning strike factory new http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197989770965/inventory 730_2_3187090982 0.030277103185654 http csgo.exchange/item/3187090982 sticker let 's roll-oll holo http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c let 's roll-oll 28holo 29 sticker ninjas in pyjamas katowice 2014 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 7c katowice 2014 20
does anyone know who the hell the artist eleven butts is ?
i found them on spotify and they have one album called baker 's dozen '' that released february 2015 and i ca n't find any information on them .
it 's kind of trippy ambient music with no lyrics .
tribute of the piercing beak http dota2.gamepedia.com/122_-_tribute_of_the_piercing_beak is fine but 5 out of 6 items from the tribute of the sharpened feather http dota2.gamepedia.com/122_-_tribute_of_the_sharpened_feather chest wo n't appear infused even if you used the infuser and the effect is unlocked but it does n't work in game .
13 items should have the infused quality yet only 8 have it on the market http steamcommunity.com/market/search ? q category_570_hero 5b 5d=any category_570_slot 5b 5d=any category_570_type 5b 5d=any category_570_quality 5b 5d=tag_infused appid=570 6-6 from both chests but the spectre set has 2 items with unlockable ambient effect so that 's why it 's 13
the only one working fine from the tribute of the sharpened feather is the ee pa set .
blade of flightless fury from the venge set http steamcommunity.com/market/search ? q=blade+of+flightless+fury .
if you are searching for not locked styles than you can see they are on the market http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/570/blade 20of 20flightless 20fury ? filter=fury 20not 20locked yet they do n't have the infused quality and it does n't work in game .
queen of the jack bomber from the batrider set http steamcommunity.com/market/search ? descriptions=1 q=queen+of+the+jack+bomber .
if you are searching for not locked styles than you can see they are on the market http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/570/queen 20of 20the 20jack 20bomber ? filter=bomber 20not 20locked yet they do n't have the infused quality and it does n't work in game .
slab of erupting wrath from the magnus set http steamcommunity.com/market/search ? q=slab+of+erupting+wrath .
if you are searching for not locked styles than you can see they are on the market http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/570/slab 20of 20erupting 20wrath ? filter=wrath 20not 20locked yet they do n't have the infused quality and it does n't work in game .
shade of the spiteful eye from the shadow shaman set http steamcommunity.com/market/search ? q=shade+of+the+spiteful+eye .
if you are searching for not locked styles than you can see they are on the market http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/570/shade 20of 20the 20spiteful 20eye ? filter=eye 20not 20locked yet they do n't have the infused quality and it does n't work in game .
algid legacy from the drow ranger set http steamcommunity.com/market/search ? q=algid+legacy .
if you are searching for not locked styles than you can see they are on the market http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/570/algid 20legacy ? filter=legacy 20not 20locked yet they do n't have the infused quality and it does n't work in game .
i know i am being petty and awful but i feel terrible .
my boyfriend told me he could only love me 99 .
i understand he has a dead wife but i thought i made some sort of leeway .
i wo n't be the woman he loved and i can never be .
this was the man i was willing to risk my future on .
i was willing to stay in a shit hole because he made it seem brighter than the beaches of california .
i would rather be alone than be that number .
so i think tomorrow we will break up and go our seperate ways .
but i have never been first in my life so this is nothing new .
i finished the story mode and figured i 'd mess around with some of the modules that people made .
honestly i 'm not that interested in dealing with folks online so figured i 'd do this locally .
once you 're in a game you can double-click on an empty character slot and add a self-controlled character to fill the gaps .
that works fine as far as i can tell .
i was hoping though that there was a way to make a few additional characters of my own and use them in the same manner .
unfortunately while i have more than one character created they do n't show up in the list only the story characters do .
is this simply not available or are there some rules to it i do n't understand ?
so having looked into some old coding based stuff i wonder if someone better experienced with the a858 posts might be able to look into the possibility of the code being used in some posts conforms to some of the older methods .
in short you make a certain sized grind and lay the letters into into it and then the output is the reading off of the grind .
so as an example a i 'll encode hello how are you in a 5 by 5 grid
this can also be done with different grid sizes or potentially with the space between the words also being used to have gaps in the grind to make something like this
another method similar the the substitutional cypher is a rolling cypher
so again using the example hello how are you ''
you change the letter by the stated numerical value then start again
i have no idea if either of these methods works and either way you 'd need the grid size in the first example to decode and in the second one you 'd pretty much need to know the exact rolling cypher used to have a shot .
or you 'd need a repeating word or phrase used regularly in their posts that could be decoded simply this way .
a deadeye is an item used in the standing and running rigging of traditional sailing ships .
it is a smallish round thick wooden usually lignum vitae disc with one or more holes through it perpendicular to the plane of the disc .
the three-holed blocks were called deadeyes because the position of the three holes resemble the eye and nose sockets of a sheep 's skull .
if you have n't heard of stack lighting https stacklighting.com
essentially they are making the nest '' of light bulbs .
2300 6500 k color temp led with built in movement and occupancy sensors .
out of the box designed to mimic natural sunlight so bluer temp colors during the day and redder color at night .
i got two bulbs and the hub today since i pre-orders a while back .
definitely going to buy more and ca n't wait until they come out with a19 style too .
the knights and players are freezing in place then warping around .
the problem is it 's way way too common .
i 've had this happen once with aava and only once in that entire fight after co-oping there for the past week .
this has happened 4 times all way more severe and i 've only been here 2 days and only have 5 loyce souls to show for it .
what the hell is going on why does this one boss have this happen more in 2 days than in my entire experience playing the game ?
i need to resign from my job asap due to another offer wanting me to work immediately 1 month .
unfortunately i have signed a contract with my current employer requiring me to give a 60 days notice period before my effective termination to undergo transition process .
i have only worked at the current company for 3 months so there is n't really much to transition .
what are the chances of me negotiating for an earlier date ?
here 's what stated on my contract should you wish to terminate this employment contract for any reason you are required to provide notification sixty 60 calendar days prior the effectivity of your resignation subject to approval of your manager to ensure you undergo a transition period .
it does n't seem to state any penalties for not following this item though .
i am about to start tutoring a middle school boy in south korea .
i have mostly worked with younger kids and now mainly deal with adults .
i 've never worked with teens before so i am looking for any pointers or advice .
he is an athlete class leader into music and seems like he 'd be a pleasure to teach .
i believe his parents would like him to go abroad for high school .
his parents simply want free talking '' which i am assuming means that they want his speaking abilities to improve .
i asked him for his goals and he stated that he wants to sound like a native speaker '' .
i have one of the text books he uses in class a few card and board games and a set of interview style questions for our first meeting .
this is a sample of my mom 's voice .
i always thought she had an amazing voice but would like to hear what you guys think .
any advice to take this a step forward professionally maybe a little too to get into professional singing ?
i recorded this on my phone only a few weeks back while we were inside a room .
played system shock 2 on a 50 inch tv with a steam controller and my g/f and i were just like 'jesus we never thought this would be possible in 1999 ! ! '
it was an absolute blast and just wanted to say thank you for all the efforts that made this possible .
i 've been trying for a while to remember any single particular story to tell about this woman because she was the first morbidly obese person i had ever seen and i had to deal with her for years because she was the after-school ymca childcare worker lady .
i 'm spacing out on what you call them happy new yers btw .
i did remember something the other day but it 's pretty weak so i decided i 'll just write out the entire history for you guys .
get two loaves of the cheap shit because that 's twice as much bread for sammiches ?
holy shit i 'm pretty messed up right now guys hopefully i think to proof-read and edit before submitting this .
when i was about six my family moved overseas and during the transition process we stayed with my grandparents in pa. for the second half of first grade i was in a new school with new teachers and new kids and new lunchladies .
that was the first time i saw her this massive thing of sweatpants greasy hair missing or dying teeth seriously one was black and had a fuckin ' hole through it and i swear she was 30 fupa .
i lived on military bases my whole life and never realized people could even get so big .
i was transfixed i had recently discovered sumo wrestling existed and thought that she was one of america 's greatest players moonlighting as a lunchlady so that she could take all the leftover food home every day .
by some stroke of bizarre luck the kid across from me mentioned something about the biggest/best sumo in the world at that time just as hamzilla came lumbering by .
half listening i excitedly blurt out you mean her ! ? ''
she did n't notice thankfully but the little shit i was sitting with saw who i was talking about and immediately tattled .
this was also the first time i ever felt actual panic in my life as she came over and gave me the death eye as he told on me .
i do n't remember what she said but i do remember that she was livid dragged me to an empty table and told me to finish my lunch there .
i was so embarrassed i decided not to bother with the whole friends '' thing after that because i 'd just be starting over in a few months and these people seemed like dicks .
the rest of my time there was uneventful we moved left the country and for two years no fat people in sight .
she was fading from my memory by the time we moved back but my mother had retired after that post and decided that we should settle down near her parents .
i ended up in another school district but i was soon to learn that hr stuffn'gut worked multiple jobs .
the old school was her lunchlady gig but at my new permanent school she ran the before/after school y-care and lucky us my brother and i got to attend both .
i 'm not sure if she remembered me but i do n't recall her ever being pleasant even once .
she was just a miserable twat as a default and for the next few years i got to deal with that .
in the mornings she was mostly quiet and let us do whatever while she read a newspaper and stuffed her face .
it usually smelled pretty awful and a bag of microwaved popcorn was her usual side-dish .
the various smells mixing with popcorn is just the weirdest aroma and it always stunk up the entire school in the mornings until lunch time flushed it out .
also if you brought your own food she 'd usually all but demand you share .
i decided not to eat whenever she was around .
she 'd always mispronounce my name and one day i just got fed up and refused to raise my hand during attendance until she did it right .
officially i think that was the day she fully decided i was one of the little shits that she wo n't ever be nice to because from then on i was watched for any sort of slip up and punished harshly .
i do n't remember what i did but she decided that for an indefinite period i was to be forced to sit at this one particular seat the entire time i was there .
a few weeks of this and my mother notices me going to the same seat every day and raises holy hell because that sort of punishment did not fit whatever it was i did not to mention they said nothing of it to her .
i was once again allowed to play with the other kids but i think it only made her focus on me more .
pokemon became popular basically overnight and every boy in my school was deeply afflicted .
i was starting to enjoy drawing and some cartoon or another had a good simple formula for fat people so i decided to copy that and apply it to pikachu .
pikafat i dubbed it and instead of electricity it shot chocolate from it 's cheeks .
thank the heavens i shared the details with one of my friends because as soon as snorlax saw what i was drawing she stormed over as if i had opened a box of cookies and said i was sharing .
she picked up the picture and screamed at me about shaming her and making fun of her weight .
i was dumbfounded because i honestly was n't ever trying to make a connection between her and pikafat but she kept going until my friend spoke up and told her for me .
he was one of those dorky always be honest '' kids so she believed him and i was saved .
after that however i started drawing fat people and pokemon obsessively simply to spite her .
she knew i was now drawing them to make fun of her but it had been publicly established that i was n't so she could n't do shit .
i never liked her before that but now i hated her .
just in case that was n't enough though she put the final nail in that coffin when she ruined one of my video game files .
i got some cheap handheld dot-matrix games one christmas like from tiger or tomy or some other long-dead toy company and was on a hot streak with hangman .
dozens of won games hundreds of thousands of points full lives i was doing great .
i set the game down on the table where slugma spent her morning life and went to play dodgeball with the other kids .
when i came back school was starting and i just shoved into my backpack and went to class .
later that day at lunch i fire up the game and reel back in horror .
she depleted my score to just a few thousand points .
i knew it was her too because there was cheeto dust on one of the buttons .
i was crushed there was no way i had it in me to get the score back to where it was any time soon and with the debris i was physically repulsed by the object .
she ruined it for me and i never played with it again after that .
thankfully the next year i went on to middle school and i was finally free .
she did n't work there but during my freshmen year one of the seniors had the same last name and i discovered they were family .
but here 's the weird part she was his step-mother .
yes this woman was proposed to by what i imagined was the loneliest man on earth or maybe she just really let herself go the moment she got that ring .
but i never had to deal with her again so that 's good .
my friend and i want to go backpacking for a couple of months .
but my backpack is already 17 kg 37 pound .
so instead of buying i do n't have a lot of money left a water filter could n't i just boil the water to get rid of viruses or bacteria ?
but we have all the time in the world honestly .
tatsumakis size also plays a part in her character as it opposites her enormous power .
i just built my pc this year last year now and without him i would be lost
i tried to make the landscape out of giant robots .
i 've been trying to make levels that tell a bit of a story .
i 've only had the game about 5 days .
it 's easier to down vote than to say that cio with a newborn is borderline neglect .
it avoids the argument but still gets the point across .
i would love to see what a creative defensive coordinator could do with this talent .
i sometimes dream of earl coming in on a blitz like a speeding bullet and absolutely obliterating the qb .
last time he did that on his own because he had nobody to cover he got a strip sack .
food and beverage from the movie theater only in the winter can i sneak in a bottle of water or soda in my jacket and save
one has to have quite short memory to have forgotten that mohammad atta had a valid visa ...
you assume wrong btw but if you have you will have noticed that the level of intelligence '' contained in these reports has n't changed in a decade which worries me a little ...
your post was removed because it uses the text box .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title serious what is something important/meaningful to share with someone on their deathbed ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
can someone tell me the name of the original song ?
i do n't know if i 'm going to have kids but if i do i 'm going to adopt .
sigh i just moved house and the gym is now like an extra 5 minutes away i so cant be bothered driving that extra distance so i am going to cancel my gym membership and then hire a cross trainer .
but ugh i cant just cancel on the website i actually have to pick up the phone and call this is sooooo inconvenient .
a reply to this message containing the word 'solved ' .
make the bot tag the thread as such and keep the subreddit tidy .
thanks again and we hope you get your issue sorted soon .
it would appear that your query is about fallout 4 system requirements and/or whether or not your computer can run the game .
if this is correct please take a look at this thread https www.reddit.com/r/pcgamingtechsupport/comments/3riyu3/questions_about_running_fallout_4_please_see_this
ps if i 'm misbehaving please let my creator juggernog know .
i look into it thanks for recommendation and happy new year ! !
i know right ... running full speed and have a split second to know when to turn their heads around ... it 's so easy !
ca n't they see that football flying at them from the back of their heads ?
med schools have insurance plans and they 'll probably default you to theirs .
i know in mine it took an active effort to opt out of it to find a different plan whether by the aca 's new market or by medicaid which you may qualify for .
for casual contesting i second the vote for n3fjp software .
his contest logs are great and i personally use aclog for my general station log .
the contest logs all generate cabrillo and adif outputs .
after each contest i take the adif and import it into aclog .
it is supremely powerful and can be used as a general log as well .
i use n1mm for several dozen contests during the year .
i operate in 'stealth mode ' due to outdoor antenna restrictions in my housing area .
currently i run an end-fed longwire antenna consisting of speaker wire run out behind my house .
there 's been no complaints so far over the past year .
sometimes i run qrp but the rough propagation conditions lately have seen me bump up to 50 or 100 watts .
itt rose tinted glasses and dae diablo 3 is n't as good ? ?
their frontman is jack antonoff the guitarist for fun .
and they bleachers have done a few songs with grimes in the past .
that is what happens when you dare to dream as a new york sports fan .
arcaneshadow is my rsn and i would like 24 bonds
all i want is the chance to heal after my enemy takes their turn .
considering surprising them is supposed to be a good thing they should not get to go twice in a row .
if they make it optional you would get to decide for yourself what is balanced .
thing is its not that crazy we just are n't there with the tech yet .
google glass is on the right track but it will probably be apple or a linux guy or kim dot com who ups the ante with a live streaming app centred around monitoring police actions .
we 're so worried about preventing the government from watching everything we do that we have n't seriously considered coming at it from another angle let everybody watch everything you do at least when you are out in public .
the infrastructure required for this is massive but we are getting there .
i can for see it being added to your 'rights ' that you must be informed if you are not being recorded/monitored as it will be so common place that we all assume we always are at least in cities .
there will be signs at the city limits advising that you are no longer being monitored once you leave town .
thing is all the video will be public domain .
the courts and the media can not censor it or restrict access .
and there will be so much of it that you get lost in the noise unless you specifically flag an event .
you 'll have your privacy simply because the chances that any body is watching you are nil .
like high-tech competition pistols or more like having a small collection and taking them to the range .
i do n't go shooting nearly as often as i 'd like because ammo is expensive .
i have a dream of directing and writing my own porn story .
what is the best way minimize a seam between two flats when putting flats together ?
i remember that there was a trick to this however i forget exactly what that trick is .
because youre less likely to get it called if you turn your head
what you 're implying either means a i 've already done it or b the plane will be sideways .
this is n't an issue even without open carry .
they reworded the law a few years ago so you have to intentionally expose the handgun .
it seems that a lot of people opt to keep their long-running phone numbers when they move though since it would be such a hassle to inform everyone they know particularly business contacts of a new one .
but not people who are looking to make a clean break '' i suppose .
if someone new has his old number it would be nice if they were kind enough to let me know i 'm texting the wrong person .
i grew up in rural ct. definitely not evangelical conservatism .
more like self sufficient people who hate taxes and government interfering with their business and what they do on their property .
i just got it using firefox 43.0.3 in canada without issue .
i did n't even think about it like that .
it would be weird seeing that in an american city
you just do n't give a fuck about false advertising do you ?
quite a few people on etsy are making ff sprites so it 's a matter of standing out somehow .
for people who claim to be so smart they dont see how they ruin their own cause .
not to mention the sensor quality and 240fps hd video
i started reading it from the beginning and i have n't been disappointed at all .
i like all the characters and they are very teenager-esque .
they can be off the mark but that 's what makes them so awesome to read ... how imperfect and impetuous they are .
i 'm not done reading all of them but i 'm pretty far into the series .
double points if you use both items at the same time
or more accurately killing an innocent bystander because you want to be a fucking hero .
hmm i was raised catholic and i only felt awkward what a rip off .
i live in san francisco but i 've spent time all over the us and the world .
i 'll bet you do roll through without even realizing it since it 's very slowly and you 're looking to ensure there 's no oncoming traffic .
no i just delayed that thinking until i got to my late teens .
then i realized that i do n't like being religious or being around religious people .
it 's absolutely massive far bigger than the surrounding houses .
it sat unused for a while because of legal disputes over where he got the money to build it .
would you get mad if i ripped that off to get to fucking you sooner ?
i think it 's relative to to how many pops you 're ordering .
i ordered a 2 pc set that was 6 but had to pay 9.90 for shipping
she 's disarmed easily and starts crying and panicking .
woman '' what do you want from me ! ?
'' we did n't even ask her any questions ... ''
guy is trying to lose weight show some support !
op stated in another comment that he wanted to send an invoice
this person wanted a cheese shaped hat for some reason and they got one .
i do n't see why it matters if it 's a hat associated with football .
i 'm staying in and very okay with it .
my dads has had a couple months of bad health and i 'd rather be here with him .
he 's asleep but we have a plan i 'm to wake him up 10 minute before the ball drops so we can watch it together .
honestly i feel like i 'm going to be distracted and forget .
when i took his bp today i asked him what the date was .
lots of people have either totally forgot do n't want to bring it up or are way too young to remember it .
if i absolutely had to choose i think this is my favorite blind guardian album .
every song is just awesome and it 's such a unique album .
he 's replying to comments in the live journal right now saying it 's no joke and blaming livejournal for his lost opus that was just too breathtaking to paraphrase .
i think he just did n't write anything at all .
no no you have to do it in the accent like this
good ole manitoban boay this jawhnatan teeves guay is .
i heard a lot of that got better by now .
he knows this one was over a while ago .
do n't tell that to anyone trying to blame the refs for a bad call .
local colleges offer short courses for all levels in foreign languages .
not sure where you live but i 've done a level 1 course in french there and enjoyed it .
they should be more inexpensive than a private tutor as well .
also central tafe has started offering language short courses .
lol no he does n't ... you must be smoking crack if you think this guy makes money buying/selling/trading sneakers .
i 'm the only one in this entire fucking town that i know of doing something .
the travesty is not that i 'm here it 's that i 'm here alone .
glass is pretty much same as slabs redstone can pass under it like that .
i went through the whole thread and this is the only one i take seriously .
its easy for me because ive never had their food and even if i had i have a super sensitive stomach and it would destroy me .
there 's no way they weighed in at the same weight
would the 1:1 motion-tracked controllers work well with a driving simulator a flight simulator or a game where you are controlling a third party character ?
complete depends on the experience and there are plenty of experiences to be had without motion controllers .
let 's hope rebuttals like these will become the norm in 2016 .
your post does not appear to include a steam profile link e.g .
if this is correct we ask that you submit your post again with a working link .
if this has been an error please contact us http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/recruitcs subject=bot 20incorrectly 20removed 20my 20post message=my 20submission 20at 20/r/recruitcs/comments/3yzgt2/na_looking_for_3_eastcentral_have_a_mg2_to_full 20was 20incorrectly 20removed 20for 20lacking 20a 20profile 20link. 20please 20investigate .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/recruitcs if you have any questions or concerns .
anyone who thinks we were better off before obamacare than after is delusional .
everything that 's wrong with obamacare exists because of republicans and neoliberal dems .
withdrawing interviews ! burning bridges and like you said they 'd appreciate it .
i 'd just craft a sincere concise email explaining that you already made a decision so you would rather have another qualified candidate have a chance and that you very much appreciated their invitation to the interview .
no they do not but i am not 100 sure you can go to pandaria until you have at least 525 skill which is where you start getting crates from finishing the artifacts
nope have n't changed the config files at all .
it 's been happening from the very first game and i 'm getting random locking as well a jarring sound and then my whole computer is locked up and the only thing to do is force a shutdown .
you 're not selling this as a rainy day feel-good ya know p
wow was literally eq for filthy casuals '' so complaining that wow is catering to casuals is probably the stupidest thing i 've ever heard .
it 's the only way to be sure you get them .
they represent unrecognized governments and the areas they administer only some of which are currently in heated battle though almost all of them originated from war .
obsessed '' as many people are with star wars or football or pokemon or literally anything a fandom of exists .
basically it describes a fan of the current incarnation of my little pony mostly based around the tv show friendship is magic .
is there anywhere to watch this in australia yet ?
i pay for foxtel which airs syfy and have both itunes and google play accounts and seemingly am still unable to pay real money to watch it ... sigh
having someone close to you that wants to kill themselves or has attempted it .
i was suicidal from age 12 to about 19 and i thought everyone around me who was concerned for me forced me to go to therapy tried to keep an eye on me etc .
was being selfish because should n't i be allowed to make that decision if i 'm not happy ?
then i got with my fiance who has also been suicidal from a young age .
he actually tried to shoot himself in the head several years ago he was a teenager but the gun did n't go off for some reason .
he still wants to kill himself now and it 's extremely stressful for me .
i always said that if i knew someone that wanted to kill themselves i would let them do it because it 's up to them and not my business but now i totally understand what it 's actually like to think that someone you love is going to off themselves .
i understand what it 's like to know someone is hurting and i know what it 's like to call them over and over again hoping that they 're not dead because they 're not answering their phone .
i understand what it 's like to have someone try to distance you so they can kill themselves causing as little damage to you as possible .
i see it from the other side now and i feel so bad about doing those same thing to people that i love .
my brother and my father also both tried to kill themselves and i did n't know about it until after the fact .
i felt so bad about not being there for them even though it 's not my fault because i did n't even know .
now i know what it 's like to think that someone tried to kill themselves in the same house that you live in .
that i was only a few feet or a phone call away and they still felt that was the best option .
that it would have killed me to lose them and they tried it anyway .
i always said i would never call suicide selfish but i understand that view now .
i still do n't call it selfish ... but i do understand that viewpoint now .
talking about how we hope the server doesnt get ddosed .
next time if you can get the timing right go for the trifecta
for those unfamiliar cum shit and vomit at the same time
i had hancock the mayors own brother with me .
his brother just admitted to being a synth infiltrator that kidnapped and replaced his brother .
you 'd think hancock would get aggressive and be all 'when did you steal my brothers life ' it 'd be all dramatic and shit .
okay the blues lost to the wild but the stars are winning 4-1 against nashville .
at least there is no loser point so far .
not sure his age but good for him for having that strength and flexibility .
clearly a 57-egg omelette everyday is how to achieve this at that age .
glad you decided to start chilling here we have lots of tea !
i can honestly say that once you stop breathing oxygen all of your problems will be over .
my parents tried to make me do the whole communion and confirmation thing .
i got through communion and by then even they were blase about it .
and the first one here http littleclara.tumblr.com/post/135559875627/just-some-late-night-oodles-of-doodles-3 they are actually mostly all her in this one but its more concepts before i settled on a good mix of kirin/maned lioness but i think i like the idea of her shapeshifting and just being a kirin with lion details .
i 'm kind of still figuring out how to finalize her w
she normally has a lot more hair like in the silly doodle of the last pic but i get lazy haha
this is on mobile so my formating might be crazy
what exactly were you looking for config file folders ?
so when it hit the ground past the line of scrimmage out of bounds he knew there was no intentional grounding .
want me to get my rulebook out and quote you the rule directly ?
ps so you think yelling is going to phase a ref ?
armor reduction is one of the easiest and most reliable strats in dota .
if you have slardar/dazzle on your team its a good time then
it has been many years since i was following this story .
you may be correct about the existence of a yes men website that was simply a fake .
still it 's hard to believe anyone would skate away from such an action nowadays .
perhaps some homeland security powers would be activated if such a ruse were tried again .
it was a good year do n't let this game spoil everything else .
thanks for all of the advice turned down the counter and it felt good .
i love you guys but do i need to throw fiery dildos in your asses to get you motivated ?
miracle fourth quarter comeback would be perfect but i 'm just pissed now .
the rest of it really is to blame on addiction not them
you had my curiosity but now you have my attention .
if you have the time to explain it to me i sincerely would like to know .
if there is a certain time period you are interested in i can help you but i cant sumarize all of it .
stuff like this usually does n't make me sad but for some reason this one hit me like a truck ...
a lot of stuff on this subreddit is reposts and that ruins the funny part of jokes .
it was 18 for beer and wine had to be 21 for the harder stuff .
a proper clear as rek'sai is done by following these steps
2 go towards the monsters/enemy and use your w to unburrow it 's very important that you use w instead of right clicking .
right clicking makes the animation really long and you wo n't be able to aa until after the animation is completed .
when using your w you will be able to aa faster .
3 after the aa has hit use your q as soon as possible .
it 's an aa reset and makes your dps higher .
this is extremely important when ganking and on early level clears .
4 keep aa'ing and using q as an aa reset until you can knock the monsters up again with your w and repeat .
also if you 're low/on early clears you can benefit of his passive by waiting around a little under the ground for your passive to heal you .
she 's a bit rough on her pussy do n't you think ?
i thought zss marth greninja and mega man would all be top tier .
i think you 're being somewhat insensitive its a big generalisation to say under 25 immature and is often incorrect .
it can be correct but you ca n't tell me the 40yo white trash mother who is shouting at people for telling her to stop her kids running riot is not being immature .
your emotions will go haywire for like a month or two early on
roose told robb that the ironborn burned winterfell to the ground and that theon has n't been found at all .
this is why i do n't post much info online with my real name .
all this data is likely being saved or at least a good portion of it .
eventually with the right algorithms it 'll be so easy to search the population and sort them based on any set of parameters you like that it will seem foolish not to do it .
it 'll probably be seen as fostering fraud and deceit to allow the kind of privacy we enjoy today .
and who knows what will be taboo in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/corejerk if you have any questions or concerns .
why why why why whyyyyyyyyyyyyyy do these people think they can waltz into someone else 's space there 's few threads at the moment talking about bedrooms/homes unannounced and help themselves to other people 's stuff ! ?
where were they raised where they think this behavior is acceptable ? !
i reckon i 'd have choked the bitch through the phone after the second singsong it was n't me ! ''
get the fuck outta my house and give me my fucking mail and keys !
are you honestly that busy that you ca n't spend a couple of minutes reading ?
all about the butt-butt although i do n't mind when the wife cuddles my back she seems to work her way into position and finds that little nook every night .
it is difficult to accurately describe my lack of surprise .
this might change in my way of playing zeratul .
meh fair enough that you wanted it he gave it to you as a gift and you have no obligation to .
but not telling him what ended up happening seems like a shitty thing to do .
that depends can i redeem the karma for a waring blender ?
study for three hours 20 40 1:00 1:20 1:40 2:00 2:20 2:40
that army should have a base principle never to attack its own people .
otherwise it 's not an army of the people for the people but an army of the people for the elite .
spending new years with a horrible cold/cough and pregnancy gas so bad it scares my dog .
sure but how did you get from smurfs to hackers ...
he is new to darkscape and runescape in general .
new players do n't usually go for membership right away so i am assuming that he does n't have x2 exp rates .
those who got to 130 cb in a week are swine without responsibilities .
not every single player can invest 16-18 hours a day playing darkscape .
it 's not like we do n't have too many spiders or anything .
but obviously that comes at the cost of some channeling efficiency .
and for y'all non-valkyr players out there the melee weapon with the highest base crit chance right now is the tekko with 30 base crit chance .
bump that up to 55.5 with true steel deadly intent and to 67.5 with true punishment on top of that .
excalibro 's bro blade is at a measly 15 crit chance but it has the potential to crit for every enemy hit and it has the potential to hit many enemies .
so it might be a good idea to build crit if you go naralibur .
ah i was posting about cartoon characters i had crushes on when i was younger .
you ceased to have an independent existence as did everyone else in the world .
during that time your secrets were laid bare for all to see as were those of every other living creature on earth including the members of at least two different conspiracies that knew this was coming and spent the entire angel crisis attempting to set it up to benefit their own goals and you should know this because as i previously said neither they nor you have a distinct discrete self nor any secrets .
just relax and let it happen it 's not so bad in here .
unless you like being alone in which case you can always try and hang onto your ego enough to reform into a singular being .
you may not be quite who you were before though little bits of you might get left behind or you might drag parts of someone else with you .
oh god i forgot how good ending 4 of fullmetal alchemist brotherhood was .
unfortunately your post does n't follow the naming rule as described in this post http www.reddit.com/r/me_irl/comments/2u8n5h/me_irl .
since your post was n't properly titled i was ordered by my programming to remove it .
i had no choice but to do so as i am a robot with no free will .
if you have any questions or think that i messed up contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fme_irl .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/me_irl if you have any questions or concerns .
nothing ... no sticky notes no papers not in folders or binders out on my desk .
because pharmaceutical companies are serious about keeping your desk spotless so my desk has nothing but my computer monitor and a cup with two pens .
there 's not a single software developer who remembers everything there is about html/css/bootstrap/js or any other technology at any given time what they do know enables them to quickly lookup the exact documentation .
and there 's little reason to try and force yourself to remember when you can google it search it on stackoverflow or any other blog/forum within seconds instead of forcefully memorizing .
so just do n't worry too much as long as you know what to look up it is good enough .
and with time things you use a lot will stick with you
only innocent people who harass and belittle sexual vilents crimes confess .
at one point my ex said to me i know you dont lock your door when your home so i could just come in and shoot you while your asleep . ''
eventually she had to be committed for a while .
man the first half hour or so of that movie was so damn good .
after spending the entire build up subverting zombie cliches they then have the main character fall into the worlds most obvious trap pulled twice for zero reason the girls in that movie were beyond ridiculous .
i was waiting just waiting for him to blow her head off it would have been amazing .
take all your expectations and just flip them on their head !
and instead they decide that 's the one trope they 're not gon na subvert ?
if you want to try and make a point by googling the answer at least look beyond the first google result .
i see could you pm me a price range for the entire set ?
you literally have no idea what you 're talking about .
' shoutout to usps for paying the man for their messup get insurance people for the full value !
there are a bunch of buckeye fans where i live they 're definitely my least favorite including auburn .
i swear 95 of their comments on this sub are either putting down another team or making excuses for their last loss .
natalie portman 's character adds nothing whatsoever to the story and thor 's interest in her is so shoehorned in that it breaks the suspension of disbelief in a way that alien gods with magic hammers never could .
it 's partially redeemed by the fact that natalie becomes a major plot point in the sequel but even then the scenes of thor moping around over his brief encounter with a member of a lesser species still detracted from it .
i mean is n't it basically bestiality from an asgardian perspective ?
one of the better decisions that was made in avengers was not having thor go visit his crush because he was too busy saving the world and shit .
this is exactly why i 've been working out .
nothing opens your eyes more than when you find yourself suddenly able to do things you used to take for granted .
i think the best weapon i get is that saw that fires explosive rounds .
it 's good but i feel like i have 600 of them .
i think it 'd be a great message to send a kids in the next movie if she isn't a skywalker ... you do n't have to belong to a powerful family to make a difference
e i get downvoted but nobody seems to know the answer .
if your submission does not really need the context to make sense you may want to consider deleting this post and resubmitting to another sub such as r/wtfdidijustread r/evenwithcontext r/misleadingcaptions r/comments_of_reddit or r/oneliner .
i have become a lot more easy going and less uptight .
what 's the difference between snowmen and snow women ?
many of wile e. 's gadets fail becuae rhe road runner is either tricksy super fast or just has broken toonforce running through paintings .
even though gadget has good luck he relies too much on penny and brain .
wile e. shpuld win assuming he does n't incap himself .
when i way upgrading to windows 10 on had to unplug my extra hard drives as well as my disc drive .
fat can be fit into a pair of pants if the correct size is chosen .
what are orca 's going to do against things like megalodon mosasaurus tylosaurus basilosaurus etc. ?
unless we get pretty generous about what constitutes a predator to beef up the orca 's numbers non-orca should take this .
even a this old age tim duncan is accomplishing new things .
changing subjects just a little bit after watching the game can anybody explain why is the michigan st. quarterback a sure bet for the 1st round while the alabama qb might go undrafted ?
i swear it 's like nfl scouts have it backwards the alabama qb looks like a solid pick while the other guy played like a 3rd string canadian football league punter .
but just like assholes when everyone seems like the idiot maybe it 's you .
this submission has been removed because it violates the rule on poll-type questions http www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/wiki/rules wiki_no_.22poll.22-type_questions .
these poll-type questions do not lend themselves to answers with a firm foundation in sources and research and the resulting threads usually turn into monsters with enormous speculation and little focussed discussion .
most least best '' and worst '' questions usually lead to vague subjective and speculative answers .
for questions of these types we ask that you redirect them to more appropriate subreddits such as r/history or r/askhistory .
but i 'd rather see mustadio or gafgarion for interesting skillsets .
and the us used japs and nazis what 's your point ?
i think this is a way in which the author highlights the duality of man and the internal struggle within us all .
marvin would be please be so kind as to provide us with scp-1762 ?
really what you 're asking is in a chamber of pure h2 when heated will it create a chemical reaction ? ''
combustion in the usual sense of the word requires an oxidizer oxygen and a fuel h2 and energy heat to create a chemical reaction ... and if you play your cards right that reaction will be exothermic warm fuzzy heat all the way up to explosions .
in the non-traditional sense and this goes beyond me knowledge there 's probably a few chemical '' reactions that 'll take place at varying energy and compression levels .
could be a little over budget but you can sell your card or i do n't know whatever it 's currently the best card and would be a shame if you get another card .
i can add you to my small list of internet friends brother !
you have a great 2016 man may it go in your favor !
honestly the new east side construction like 2005-present is ok. little chance of getting mugged/shot etc .
label it propaganda without explaining how it 's logically wrong .
for one reader this tactic does n't work for me .
i prefer well balanced matches but to each their own .
yeah i 've played the demo 's as well and it looks awesome !
i grew up with ratchet clank and loved them to death .
they are just so much fun to play and have so much replay-ability .
the new ratchet clank game is what convinced me to buy a ps4 honestly .
your anger may make sense i do n't want to stand in judgement of your emotions .
i do n't know what else to say here .
hey all i just pulled a dupe breaker griff from the summon gate .
that 's also a possible worst thing to do in a library .
i hate to sound like a total noob but this is like the first or maybe second time i 've ever heard of practice mode so i hope you do n't mind me asking
does it consume/degrade items used during the practice fight ?
there 's nothing wrong with making a request however unreasonable and she certainly worded it politely enough but when op just as politely told her no '' that should have been the end of it .
nobody gives a shit about her kid 's bedtime schedule .
well who the fuck is traveling the texas express road ?
one of my best friends is getting married next year she 's toying with the idea of having me big bearded bear of a gay man be one of her bridesmaids so i can act as the enforcer for the wedding .
i told her i 'd be honored and i 'd gladly be the enforcer if i were n't in her wedding party but i also plan to get straight up hammer smashed at the reception .
i had two other friends who experienced the same .
i posted on reddit and see other people had the same problem .
some even say that korean server droprate is worse and we should be grateful .
you hand over money and point to what you want and they take it and supply the desired product/service .
everyone is happy it 's a beautiful system only place i 've heard it not work is ultra-xenophobic mauritania where they did n't want any business with foreigners .
tons of people are traveling for business or whatever not to satisfy some life goal of traveling somewhere where they can prepare for months .
i unexpectedly ended up in japan after being on a boat for 2 months and it worked just like everywhere else in the world .
everybody in the world smiles in the same language .
i 'd disagree on that ... to each their own i suppose p thanks for the comment !
all 50 states except az see below have now set .08 bac as the legal limit for driving under the influence ''
all other states have a legal limit of .08 .
okay cool jet engines have a metric ton of dv with small ammounts of fuel any ways so i suppose that 's pretty acceptable .
so much for this neeewwww yearss eevvee being so awesome both games were total blowouts .
sucks because he 's just jewing right now but god bless this man i hope he gets unbanned
its not like other teams were n't confirmed to throw
no point roasting your friend he 's paying his way through college by selling knock off dvds and selling his ass to hairy bikers .
yea i called doc on my cell earlier he laughed as i did to yea i can get a duplicate rx the only bad thing it will be the controlling rx so i cant fill the ir with the er together again till like 2/3/16 i wont get no medication for pain in january at all just my xanax i can get them on 1/15 they fucked me up .
i 'm still trying to figure out why it crossed the road
i had a ireland game where castile did n't marry aragon poland did n't marry lithuania france lost provinces to burgundy scandanavia fel apart and england was devasted by pretenders in roses had to quit because they all allied england
is it weird i read this in all their voices ?
i figured there would be some iteration of those subs for this situation .
assuming you have old town unlocked my favorite blueprint is toxic reaper .
gaminggix.com has a great map http gaminggix.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/blueprintsoldtown2.jpg of the blueprints there .
angel sword is good too but i dislike electricity/fire on weapons due to the accidental arcing damage i end up taking .
as for actual weapons to apply the blueprints to loot police vans .
everybody works on their own projects as individuals so communication is n't perfect .
an artist might 've just thought they were being funny by making a lambda easter egg which has happened many times before with steam promo art with no knowledge of the arg that 2 other employees were making .
i hear the lambda 's been removed from the original picture so that 's probably why .
i 'm a normal guy during the day and a statistician at night .
and i can safely say that if you have 20 data points with only one unknown variable you can generally assess its influence .
your assumption seems to be that during the 5v5 matches the system has little to no information on the 9 other players .
well yes it does because thsoe people are already placed most of the time and their skill level is known at least roughly .
takes some serious effort to wade through the shit of this game .
i had a bunch of night exams this past semester you can park pretty much anywhere on campus after 4:30 .
my favorite place to park was the reitz garage pretty central and always had parking .
as some one who is about to attempt to create my own panels absolutely yes .
... park in union and take the bus through the tunnel ?
it 's 2 and change each way i do believe .
if you went out and illegally purchased something from some bootlegger how could you blame the government for that ?
they poisoned it to dissuade people from stealing it .
you ca n't blame the person you 're trying to steal from .
if your prices go up tips would automatically go up with them 15 of 20 is 3 tip 15 of 30 is 4.50 .
no need for a raise in percentage to get the higher tip the stupid waitress is asking for .
yeah he had a good loan spell at granada .
he 's still very fast and i 'm hoping he could provide cover at fullback initially like gomez .
i also think that daisy ridley bears more than a passing resemblance to natalie portman .
thank god this mexican hero swooped in to do justice in a fucking k mart against this evil racist cashier who is probably making 2 or 3 hundred dollars an hour .
unfortunately this customer and his gf probably are raising 6 more little pricks who still have an accent even though they dont speak full spanish at all .
this sounds almost as bad as a craigslist ad .
this is like posting in an airplane enthusiast sub and asking can anyone fly like maverick from top gun ?
i 'm planning on buying three f-18s from the us military .
usually i let the autopilot do the flying but i want someone who can fly as good as top gun . ''
the maps are a lot larger than previous halos due to sprint .
15 increase would make the game too fast as well as killing a lot of momentum you can gain with sprint slide jumping etc .
do me a favor and play midship in halo 2 or halo 3 then go back to halo 5 .
action is much easier to find in halo 2/3 due to a much smaller map and was a big reason those maps remained fan favorites for years .
so i 'm really curious as to why you think halo 5 would be too fast-paced with a speed boost increase on the level that was received in past games especially when the maps have been ballooned as large as they have been .
i ignored the part about past competition settings being at 110 movement speed because i did n't think you were being serious with that argument .
completely different games completely different ttk different maps etc .
a 10 speed boost is a 10 speed boost .
if it did n't have a dramatic game-breaking effect in other halo games i really doubt it 's going to ruin the game in this one .
you can tell this is a popular idea by the amount of downvotes your post is getting
the halo community has never been smaller and the game never more obscure and unpopular .
most of the people on this sub are people who really do n't care about the changes this franchise has had since 2010 .
i would really avoid using downvotes on a sub where people avoid conversation on controversial topics .
even worse and i say this as a much bigger battlefield fan then a cod one but these days it 's a new bf game released each year that wo n't actually be full functional for a year after .
at least cookie cutter cods work fairly well on day one .
i think r/lewronggeneration has been 'redditised ' where the posts and comments are getting increasingly cynical and bitter as it gets more popular .
really this sort of bug of which there are ... many is the type i always expected would be taken care of in the beta stage ... which then just sort of flew past with a vague wooshing sound .
i always get double tap for me its better than mule kick and widows wine .
you only really need the wonder weapon and one other gun with blast furnace imo .
saffold and cook are the only slam dunk cuts we need to make imo .
there are a bunch of desktop background watermarks possible on a windows 10 system .
they 're typically there for some good reason such as this machine is not ready for prime time '' in the case of prerelease insider builds .
national socialist economic policy was more or less centrist and its social policy was very much right-wing and fascism is only used formally to refer to governments such as mussolini 's regime in italy .
have your boyfriend help you wash the anal lube off of your hands .
y'all are some of the craziest shitlords i 've had the pleasure and misfortune of spending time with this year .
love you all even if i say i hate you .
the ability to add an additional block and rad is pretty awesome .
nothing is approved for players to use unless the dm says so .
the dm has final say on everything end of story .
it 's basically the golden rule of pathfinder and d d .
if i say you cant mount a trap on a portable anything then you ca n't .
i do n't care if raw says so i 'm disallowing it because it could obviously and easily break the game .
secondly if i throw a vampire with class levels at you you ca n't make your next character a vampire just because i had a vampire with class levels as an enemy .
players do n't have a right to use a specific thing just because the dm uses it against them .
you ca n't require the dm to do anything .
you can raise concerns but if you do n't like a final ruling your options are deal with it or leave the group .
that said i try to be fairly transparent with my players and usually try to encourage creative ideas but i draw the line at gamebreaking ideas .
this includes cheap or most ways of getting infinite anything .
but if i had a player so dead set on doing something like this i might let them .
then after a few sessions i 'd have the enemy roll up with heal bots and the players would quickly stop having fun with enemies having the same infinite healing robots that they now have .
perhaps do n't require full teams but instead help people that can bring 2-3 people with them say .
if a prize was involved i 'd recommend skins not cash keep it in steam .
check out that site pop flash or something it could help setup the 10 man
using a teamspeak with separate rooms for the teams would be great !
sorry if this is butchered or misinterpreted on my phone rn but i like the idea
as a 33-year-old psudeo-intellectual it 's never too late to masturbate .
the point being that emotional maturity is largely a state of mind .
i 'd love to have not done some of the stuff i 've done .
i wish i did n't have to be ashamed of telling my boyfriend about my sexual past
i do n't know waking your mom up to pay for strippers is pretty amazing
i mean that they could later reveal ren 's darth title .
before you guys downvote me sometimes you play devils advocate just for the sake of looking at it from all angles .
my question is ... who cares about a fit .
do n't you just want to find the best player and figure the fit later ?
no player on the teams you named are above 20 or are on a team seriously considering making a run .
do n't you think it just comes down to best available ?
from that point of view ... how would you rank best available from the draft ?
i 'm hoping that there 's a big return to natural '' makeup .
less on the contouring and super defined brows and winged liner and more soft highlights and skin focus and deweyness .
i saw some other gals were mentioning korean beauty and i really think that 's just going to explode even more in 2016 ... tbh i would n't be surprised if bigger brands like etude house started up stores here or started selling at sephora/ulta .
it 's true that when you make money say something increases in value some other people are losing money .
however for it to be zero-sum the summation of the amount that people are making and the amount people are losing have to be obviously zero by definition it has to be exactly zero .
once someone releases data stating that the total gains earned by the players '' mirror the total losses of all other players '' over the course of the entire stock market you can say it 's zero-sum .
there 's also the more common misconception that zero-sum '' means each trade is zero-sum .
in that if you make money on a trade and then close that position then the guy on the other side of your trade must be losing money .
let 's assume that 's true that he is losing money .
for it to be zero-sum he has to lose the amount you make which means he needs to have the exact same position size as you in a trade that exactly mirrors yours and exit his position at the exact same time you do .
and then you must consider that everyone is trading differently and just because you buy stock and go on to have a winning trade does n't inherently mean the guy who sold you the stock had a losing trade .
you could be buying stock at 50 and end up having a winning trade but the guy who sold you the stock could have been holding since 20 .
say the stock goes up to 55 after a week and you sell the guy who buys at 55 might hold several months until 75 .
say you originally bought your stock at 50 from a short seller perhaps the stock dropped to 48 before rising to 55 and the short seller exited at 48 for a gain .
every single person in these examples won despite having different positions and goals at completely different times .
even options ca n't be said to be zero-sum because their pricing model is n't linear .
if you win in options that most certainly means whoever is holding the other end of the transaction lost but that still does n't mean your gains and losses directly offset each other .
however you could say it 's zero-sum if you only consider who wins/loses as in chess but once you bring monetary amounts into it it 's no longer zero-sum .
sorry the idea that the markets are zero-sum always baffles me .
anyone capable of basic math and even the slightest bit of logic can see that .
did n't know if the idea of zero-sum '' was important to your entry into the markets .
is it possible to play the market badly and is it possible to play it well ?
what is an example of playing the market badly or well other than results ?
you can say you 're intelligent disciplined able to learn but if you do n't have returns you 're not playing '' well .
speaking of the hard fork '' meyers himself recently wrote about this breaking all the eggs http scottmeyers.blogspot.com/2015/11/breaking-all-eggs-in-c.html
it was such a great show all around so many fantastic moments for all the main characters ... it was really way ahead of its time .
like you pointed out it was a show that displayed a range of humanity for each character so that there were things to hate things to love and things to relate to .
i do n't care what anyone says she 's pretty much perfection from what i can tell .
do n't rate an anime unless i finish all of it .
i feel that you ca n't an entire picture of an anime until all of it is said and done .
they tried to do a us version of coupling .
the first episode aired and it was 95 the same script as the uk first episode .
i like the non-painted skins but painted ones are nice as long as theres no scratches
i 'm not even going to take the time out of my day to correct you but i hope u feel big 'correcting ' someone on reddit .
you implied way too much off of a simple comment .
my friend she started playing a few weeks before i did .
dubai chapter 1 and rage quit because i could n't beat those penguins i did n't know about meatshielding then .
a few weeks later she persuaded me to start playing again .
only beat dubai because i got a titan in the cat capsule .
and that 's when i got hooked to the game .
she eventually got bored of the game and quit after completing chapter 1 .
but i did not and now look how far i 've come-i 'm at low tide beach only two chapters away from the great escaper .
definitely gumtree took first ad down this has come up under a different seller name .
no way of getting an address to send the cops without reaching out to them .
i just sent them a msg on gumtree cops are on their way '' .
i have absolutely no problem with someone thinking a series is shit but if they do n't justify their reasoning especially if the series has had a lot of praise then they end up coming off as trying to be edgy for the sake of being edgy .
this year blake and ad have n't been better than draymond either .
i 'll take blake griffin over draymond green 9 times out of 10 he 's just as gifted as a passer but his offensive game is worlds ahead and he 's still an above-average defender .
i have i was hoping if someone knew of another solution .
i agree with what ypu said whole heartedly about their approach but personally im alright with those decisions .
it 's awful lmao always have a sigh of relief when i get to doffy and the specials are set
it 's concise it 's funny it 's engaging it 's beautiful it 's fun to play it 's fun to look at it 's fun to listen to it has the most incredible soundtrack there 's leitmotif 's out the ass it 's replayable it 's loaded with secrets and clever design it 's got just enough lore to be thick and just enough left to the imagination to spawn tons of theories and stories and fanart and comics ...
no game was more entertaining for me this year .
did a few ideological trades but the teams remain the same .
the global average temperature is rising nomatter what you want to call it .
it is rising at an unusually accelerated rate and in no accordance with typical climate rhythms .
it does correlate to the output of greenhouse gases by humans in recent decades .
species are dying off at an alarming rate due to the rapidity with which their environments are changing .
where it goes from here is where the real debate lies .
hey remember that time a few years ago when everyone donated all their time and money to an underdog candidate only to have it all be for nothing ?
well here a visual combination of that candidate and our own !
yeah the sanders campaign should n't touch any even slight comparison to ron paul with a forty foot pole .
there are already way too many people especially here on reddit using ron paul 's run as an example for why they see bernie 's campaign as entirely futile .
i have lots of clothes because i get scummy at work every day and need to change out when i get home .
three large baskets for clean clothes one big hamper for dirty .
none of em ever get farther than 10 feet from the washer/dryer until i 'm wearing them .
i own dressers but they 're empty except for the opposite weather 's stuff shorts and stuff in the winter long sleeve shirts and thermals and sweats in the summer .
my best guesses are that the cashier has been saying that phrase for some time to customers in the area who speak the language or took classes in that language recently and is practicing it in real life situations or the worlds just fell out on accident but was n't meant as an insult .
1 is supposed to be the tip of your dick .
when michael bey or the wachowskis are involved in it and it happened after the year 2000 .
could we have a rough description of these especially the frame sizes ?
the municipalities submit to states and states submit to the fed .
they relinquish power for funding/political interests time and time again .
failed hards during the maki medfes and had to clear 3x normal medlies
currently working my way through fcing hards and starting to clear easier exs although i feel like i 've been around this good for like a week plus so my improvement rate is dropping .
is n't this guy a few days maybe a week or two ?
i 've never seen a domesticated rabbit born with fur/open ears like that .
go quickly buy both an economics book and a history book .
eldi keeps making more and more things does n't she ?
this thread has been flagged as reflecting a personal issue you experience and not a generalized concept .
explain like i 'm five is for general concepts not specific problems or things you experience .
even your wording is important for example why does my toe hurt ? ''
is obviously a personal problem where how does the brain understand pain ? ''
if this is action was taken in error please message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fexplainlikeimfive subject=can 20you 20review 20my 20thread ?
if you do not include a link to your submission and an indication that you 've searched your response will likely be have you searched ?
please indicate why you believe your thread is unique and is not a personal issue and what the underlying concept is .
if you ca n't identify an underlying concept you might try another subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/explainlikeimfive if you have any questions or concerns .
do n't hate me pls but i liked the old knifing system .
the drop was because ffix was sent out to die nothing more .
it was a ps1 game that release right after the ps2 came out .
i 've actually seen this exact same gif with the exact same title several months ago .
i thought you were cool but now it turns out that you 're a liar .
terrible i would suggest adding another titan and another 32gb of ram .
just kidding that is a beast pc enjoy it !
first quote was goldie and second was rogan i do n't remember what fight it was but it was 115 i think
uh i 'm not the same user you responded to previously ...
you were saying there was a lot of men hate on feminist subs .
i checked out the r/feminism sub in response to this and then posted .
not trying to throw up road blocks or dodge the obvious i was just actually curious about whether or not this was the case .
obviously what constitutes hate is subjective but i did n't find anything like the examples you 've given in the feminism sub .
in the eyes of governnments pushing up gdp is the most important thing and the very first target of the years
so much represent clo bikers bombers and long sleeves .
so i want to know if you can buy some characters or like the base of some on the internet because i remember watching an interview and they said this tom a lot of our action figures are right out the package you can find in the toy stores now or on ebay or you know just old stuff you have in your closet and sometimes that has to be modified so it 's more articulatable .
but a lot of what we call the puppets because the animators prefer to call them puppets see there 's a puppet right now getting his nuts squashed ! ''
i was wondering if anybody here knows anything about this .
he can also remember all of his past life but there is like a block '' which disappears when he does something the same as in his old life .
ok this is a total stretch but at the end when sherlock is suggesting titles he mentions 'monstrous regiment ' as an option .
while i know it is n't generally regarded as a great discworld book i wonder hope ?
that this was a minor tribute to sir terry pratchett .
here is my natural hair http imgur.com/a/86mvf indoor and outdoor i 'm trying to get to something similar to this http www.lovethispic.com/uploaded_images/18306-light-blue-hair-.jpg maybe a little closer to purple though .
will my virgin hair take the color as well as bleached hair would ?
i 'm new to hair and i do n't want to botch it .
any example posts or dye recommendations would be so appreciated .
i 've got a solar panel with a pre-attached charge controller .
the 'load ' output wires on the charge controller do n't seem to be working ever below are the options i 've attempted to get it working
attempt no.|battery attached ? panel in sun ? load indicator state ?
note 12v battery with 12v rated panel which does a max of 18v but is regulated to 12v .
the battery is a 12v 9ah sla which apparently charge up to like 13.6v or so ?
the charge controller has indicator leds for 'charging ' and 'load/discharge ' .
statement is when i try to measure the voltage across the two load wires .
i 've also got the arduino hooked up to the load wires at the same time but it was never on .
i spoke to the panel supplier they did n't help .
ideally what i want to do is have the panel set up to charge the sla battery with the arduino being powered 24/7 off the battery .
this is a remote system without mains power available .
the arduino sleeps for 15 minutes intervals the overall current draw is relatively low .
is there an easy and viable way to directly connect up the arduino to the battery whilst it is being charged by the solar panel ?
the battery should last 30 days without recharging so a flat battery should n't be an issue unless i get a month of no sun highly unlikely .
was curious about the orchard just north of arrowhead hospital .
i love walking my dogs in them and was curious if they get upset if walkers go through it .
here is a link to the artwork it 's in video form so you see the whole process in about 2 mins i also talk about it
i briefly looked and did n't see a thread on jxd s7800b cases so i wanted to open one .
i 've just ordered my jxd s7800b and wanted to know if anyone had an hard shell case recommendations for one .
i 've seen some wii u cases mentioned on amazon but i 'm not sure i want to settle for those yet as both users mentioned that their units are a bit loose in them even after adding extra padding .
i 'm open to any suggestions or mentions worth looking into .
i found a zenith record player http imgur.com/a/pvksk in the basement of one of my buildings and i really do n't know how to go about selling it .
would you be able to tell me what model this record player is and who might be interested in purchasing it ?
i would like to use some left over vinyl flooring coretec http www.usfloorsllc.com/gallery-category/coretec-plus http www.usfloorsllc.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/50lvp701_rs.jpg as a wood accent wall in a sort of shiplap type look .
anyone ever done anything that or have any tips on where to get started ?
i am also a little worried about the cork on the bottom on the planks causing me problems will that be ok you think ?
our over all goal is to make a vintage/farmhouse look for the room .
i tried different calculators and they all gave me different numbers to up my ancients .
just aiming to get max hero souls per hour .
thats the fastest way to rise my highest zone anyway at least i think .
which one do you guys think is the best ?
i 've been incredibly depressed lately and about a week ago my cousin gave me an adderall pill .
i instantly liked it and have been taking them everyday .
the thing is i 'm on parole and will probably get drug tested next week .
yet the sick depressed part of me just keeps saying who cares fail the drug test and go back to jail you belong there anyway your worthless .
during character creation tonight my group and i stumbled onto a moral dilemma of sorts .
we will be playing a typical evil necromancer villain like campaign so i decided to make a barbarian that worship or believes in death but not in a negative way .
when i ran this idea by my group members they automatically assumed that the character was evil but were shocked when i said that he was lawful good and asked how could someone that worships death be good ?
i argued that simply that he thinks that death is a natural part of mortal life and that it is n't something to fear but to be embraced when it comes .
i want some other opinions on this matter would you let a barbarian that worships death into your adventure group ?
if i press the power button power light blinks for a second and turns off .
i tried removing the battery and replacing it still no luck .
i can not remove the ram cuz its on-board ram .
my friend scheduled our piercing appointments a couple weeks ago and since then i 've gotten sick .
i had the flu an ear infection and a sinus infection .
it 's mostly better now but i 'm still taking the antibiotics .
is it okay for me to still go in and get it done ?
also what should i know about tragus piercings before i go in .
how was the aftercare for those of you that already have it done .
this is my first piercing besides lobes and i 'd like to know what to expect pain-wise .
looking to invest in a movember for my fourth line .
currently have mov vbratta totw coyle and d. sedin a and need to get sedin the fuck off my team because he 's useless .
a few questions for those of you who have used either of these cards how do they play ?
secondly i know neither of these guys are killing it this year but who do you think is more likely to turn it on down the stretch ?
my guess would be johnson but any input would be appreciated .
lastly who do you think will experience a bigger price jumps next upgrade ?
both are 87 's and would jump to 89 .
kane 's stats would be 91 91 89 87 85 and johnson 's would be 92 90 91 82 88 .
prepare to witness the beauty of frosted flakes mage an important part of a nutritious climbing experience .
first play a stranglethorn tiger at a point where you feel relatively safe .
then play frost nova djinni of zephyrs and pray to kellogs that they have no removal for it in hand .
next turn attack their face with both minions and then play polymorph boar on tony turning the dude from aladdin into a boar as well and then go face with both again .
at this point you 've done 17 damage and you can follow up with another polymorph boar or play some more cards to survive longer .
frosted flakes package this includes frost nova blizzard cone of cold and in emergencies frostbolt and ice lance .
antonidas combo with frost nova to get it to survive or play it with frostbolt and ice lance to do a lot of direct damage .
emperor thaurissan mainly i use this dude to reduce the cost of my combo cards and once my opponent was so busy killing him that they missed lethal .
i do n't like those cards so use this .
actually it 's a worse version of freeze mage but you get style points for winning .
like in the iron dragon trailer you see houses .
but what the hell is happening during the giant ?
like do you think they could just walk out of there and go grab some drinks or is the rest of le world zombies ?
i do n't have anything to offer but a power level would be very much appreciated .
hey guys i 'll be receiving a new 3d printer soon and am going to be printing csgo weapons knives for now possibly guns in the future then painting them .
was wondering if anyone would actually be interested in these ?
i 'd love to have a few on my wall or something just for show .
obviously they 're plastic and harmless but you could still do tricks with the karambit and they 'll look damn fine .
quick edit i read that csgo accessory advertising is allowed so i hope this is okay !
not technically advertising but in the future i 'll be releasing my website for this once i 've got many many knife prototypes and examples website is up right now but not ready for the public obviously !
with the nova launcher i can only get the stock weather widget in the easy mode in my widgets list .
in touchwiz mode i get the regular mode stock weather widget so i know it has n't been uninstalled or disabled .
can anyone guess as to why this may be happening ?
i really enjoy using nova but this one issue is really annoying me .
there is a single gay bar in town and there is n't much if at all radical activity coming from it .
is there any suggestions y'all have for me to do to begin radicalizing the space ?
my first thought is a queer study group but that seems too committal to start out with .
i know there is space to radicalize but i 'm not sure how to begin to use and fill it .
mic req 'd also gon na attempt the challenge ... ...
to join add your gamertag to the game lobby here https www.the100.io/quick_join/pmyz6lgtwx0 https www.the100.io/quick_join/pmyz6lgtwx0
or you can reply to me here on reddit .
i 'll send invites on a first come first serve basis .
you can also use the chat on the game lobby page to communicate with me .
as a new year gift 15 strange coins and motes of light will be given on jan 7th .
and a new emblem too if we login between 7-10 jan .
chinese wall of text incoming not a native english speaker so please excuse the occasional odd wording .
okay i consider writing this stuff down partly a form of self-therapy .
but of course i am also looking for advice in general .
i have included a tl dr at the bottom for those understandably not willing to endure my 1400 words of rambling .
since the end of my first and only relationship that lasted about 2.5 years and was mostly great i 've been single for about 8 years now .
during these 8 years my success with women consisted of 2 drunken make-out sessions with old acquaintances and a one-night stand with a lovely stranger during a short vacation-trip .
it 's not nothing but it is not very far from resembling the dark void of nothingness .
or to put it more jokingly i have had so little sex these years hat i fear my virginity might be coming back .
and i do n't feel so great about it .
i live in a european country and am now in my early thirties .
i 've got an engineering degree and a humanities degree currently working on my doctoral thesis .
in my country i am of below average male height i am 5´8.5 average is 5´11 i guess it 's not too bad but i am pretty certain that it hindered my chances multiple times .
i look quite young for my age up to the point that people often request that i show them my id to proof that i actually am 30 .
most of those 8 years i 've been – with maybe a year-long exception – in pretty good shape .
i think my current body-fat percentage is around 12/13 .
i do n't have ripped abs but i have visible muscle tone and feel quite good about my body bar the fact that i have a quite round/fatty face compared to my body-fat .
it 's actually quite hard to assess one 's attractiveness regarding the last bit but i would say that i am probably pretty average .
i am certainly not brad pitt but people wo n't mistake me for quasimodo 's cousin either .
still it is something i am very self-conscious about since the below-average height the youthful appearance i consider it to be both a blessing and a curse and round face put some chinks into the ideal of looking like a manly man .
oh yeah and i still ca n't grow a something that resembles something that people would consider a beard .
apparently i 'll be waiting till my forties for that .
in stark contrast to that i have a deep powerful voice that people seem to generally consider as pleasant .
the people in my social circles usually consider me to be very smart and funny .
through reasons i really have n't completely figured out myself you can throw me into quite a variety of social groups and people in them tend to like me regardless of gender .
this has not always been the case but is something i somehow developed over the last years .
so you can consider me to be quite sociable .
if you were to meet me your first impression would probably be that of someone who is somewhat but not excessively outgoing and confident .
i have hobbies good friends and am quite well-traveled but have much more to see .
this of course stands in diametric contradiction to my debilitating anxiety of doing anything that looks like unambiguously expressing sexual interest the plot thickens ! .
and when i say debilitating i actually mean paralyzing .
i know that it 's perfectly normal to get anxious about this but it 's the one aspect of my personality that i ca n't seem to improve on even the slightest bit .
i can cope with many social situations that average persons are afraid of like public speaking 3 people 30 people 300 people ?
do n't care for example but the thought of unambiguously expressing sexual interest puts me into a state of almost mortal fear almost all the time .
for clarification what i mean by unambiguously expressing sexual interest are any actions that convey said interest in the mind of the average person and that are not ambiguous in the sense that they could also be actions that are considered appropriate between friends .
being a charming bastard making small or big talk with people i just met regardless of gender ?
i have never done this even once in the whole of my life .
naked paralyzing fear that no amount of alcohol can drown believe me i 've tried .
in comparison if a pal chat 's up a group of people with a woman i consider attractive i can instantly join the fray .
touching that crosses that border grabbing hand close leg/body touching .
online dating changes nothing in this regard for me since it just transforms the problem .
writing that first message is no different to me than approaching someone in real life because it 's the intent that matters not the medium .
i really really really suck at assessing possible indicators of sexual interest .
i can interpret most social situations very well but i still am extremely bad at reading this particular part of social interactions .
i know there are guides and published studies on this but i ca n't figure this out .
it 's like everybody else has some kind of sixth sense that i lack .
i often get the feeling that simply am almost universally classified as someone that is highly likeable but – please pardon my french – highly unfuckable i know this sounds a bit like it but i am not an adherent of the theory that there is a mystical placed called the friend zone i am of the opinion that there are crumbs of truth behind the concept but it 's not something i endorse as something with explanatory value .
i often wonder if this is due to my aforementioned lack of perception skills or just cruel reality .
for some years now i got this idea into my head that even if there is someone that might be attracted to me her social circle the venue etc .
necessarily must include someone she 's more attracted to and that it 's pretty much settled that she 's going to end up with that person .
this particular thought enters my brain me so frequently that i just refer to it by the designation of there 's always a bigger fish nerd-tangent this line is one of the very few thing i enjoyed about the phantom menace .
there have been numerous occasions where this actually happened which has n't helped in eliminating this kind of irrational thinking .
those of my friends that know that i 've been single for this long do n't get it and try to lift me up with the usual encouragements .
my best friend is trying his best to keep my spirits up but he actually makes me feel worse because he is successful with women occasionally those i am attracted to and i get envious .
which makes me feel even worse because i despise myself for feeling envious because i should n't be and it 's not his fault .
i actually have a certain social circle of people that i do n't consider friends but still acquaintances of me that i like and often see .
but i figure that they think i must be normal .
i know that a lot of my thoughts and beliefs that i just depicted are actually irrational or at least not as rational as i tend to make them out to be and – more importantly – very counterproductive if i want to improve my situation/outlook .
thing is i know this but i still just ca n't get them out of my head .
human male early thirties with good social skills but some reservation about looks still ca n't overcome his paralyzing fear of unambiguously expressing sexual interest .
i ca n't silence/talk down my inner voices/feelings/thoughts that keep me down even though i know that they are counterproductive and not entirely rational .
i am terrified that i am too old to change .
and where can i get a copy of that sixth sense that people seem to use to assess sexual interest of others ?
one of the two made fgs is a dunk over the incredible defender d'angelo russell .
there are 100 points to be given to a group of 10 people .
each other turn one random person is eliminated from the group .
you give points to random people doubling your points when they are not eliminated .
what would be the best mathematical way to ensure you have maximum points ?
for example round 1 you give each person 10 points .
however you also know that one of the persons you gave points will be eliminated therefore you win 9x10 1x10 80 points .
however you also might give 5 random people 20 points possibly winning the full 100 point bonus if one of these 5 is not eliminated .
but you also stand to lose 20 points from your bonus if the person in your group is eliminated .
round two you have only 9 people which you give a share of the points you have so far .
tor directory authorities are still blocked by telmex/telnor/infinitum isp .
on january 2016 posted to lists.torproject.org/pipermail/tor-relays with no response .
an effort to collect information about this type of blocking and censorship is being lead by universidad nacional autónoma de méxico mecanismos de privacidad y anonimato '' at https tor.enjambre.net/convocatoria .
basically running ooni probe against the list of tor directory authorities to document the isp 's that block tor .
been running a node relay non-exit for about 5 years .
since the new year i noticed that my node went down and that it did not appear on the usual places http torstatus.blutmagie.de/router_detail.php ? fp=78382b769d5d3baa41e89e5d9d7ff88e1a96a6b3 and https atlas.torproject.org details/78382b769d5d3baa41e89e5d9d7ff88e1a96a6b3 with the last seen timestamp of 2015-12-31 20:00:00 .
i run my node on a dedicated server under my physical control .
i checked the tor process and in the system it was running with the logs showing
notice heartbeat it seems like we are not in the cached consensus .
i confirmed and double checked all my settings and restarted my tor node but still noticed that it was not appearing as running on globe https globe.torproject.org relay/78382b769d5d3baa41e89e5d9d7ff88e1a96a6b3 or atlas https atlas.torproject.org details/78382b769d5d3baa41e89e5d9d7ff88e1a96a6b3 after almost 6 hours .
i noticed on the logs i was getting notice your network connection speed appears to have changed .
resetting timeout to 60s after 18 timeouts and 1000 buildtimes . ''
i tried to open tor browser on my personal use computer and it stalls in connecting to a relay directory '' with connecting to a relay directory failed no route to host 86.59.21.38:443 '' .
i was however able to connect with orbot on my smartphone after several retries .
that 's when i tried to ping and do a trecepath to tor directory authorities https atlas.torproject.org search/flag authority
of the ten tor directory authorities i was not able to ping and tracepath any of them using my isp telefonos del noroeste telnor .
but i was able to ping and tracepath all of the directory authorities using riseup 's vpn servie https black.riseup.net .
i even tried to traceroute directly with the isp provided internet router and was still not able to get thru to any tor directory authority or even a tor node
traceroute to 193.23.244.244 193.23.244.244 30 hops max 60 byte packets
traceroute to 193.23.244.244 193.23.244.244 30 hops max 60 byte packets
similar when i tracepath to a random tor node in france http torstatus.blutmagie.de/router_detail.php ? fp=7407277411041dc7bee802bf526af23111d79355
before the new year there used to be around 5 to 8 tor nodes located in mexico right now only one appears as online http torstatus.blutmagie.de/router_detail.php ? fp=92dd0214bc72cb52777e2015230ead3be6b2ebb7 that i am not able to ping or traceroute to .
i have a dynamic ip so i rebooted the isp provided router and tried with several ip 's that where assigned by my isp and all provided the same results .
i plan on doing more testing and calling my isp and asking directly about the ip 's i am not able to reach and specifically if they block or plan on blocking tor .
they confirmed that i can not access the ip 's but do n't have any info about why i am not able to access .
they said telnor connections to the rest of the world is thru the u.s. from telnor no blocking is made to the rest of the world .
i 'm not seeing any tor nodes with telnor/telmex/infinitum at http torstatus.blutmagie.de/index.php only axtel and megared .
i am sometimes able to connect to longclaw '' longclaw.riseup.net 199.254.238.53 but not always .
sometimes i get connecting to a relay directory failed no route to host directory_ip port ''
can anyone from mexico with telnor/telmex/infinitum ping/traceroute the directory authorities https atlas.torproject.org search/flag authority successfully ?
posted to tor-relays mailing list but seeing as there are no more tor nodes with telmex/telnor/infinitum i will have to change isp .
meanwhile i donated 100 to torproject.org still waiting on my t-shirt though .
tor directory authorities are still blocked by telmex/telnor/infinitum isp .
on january 2016 posted to lists.torproject.org/pipermail/tor-relays with no response .
an effort to collect information about this type of blocking and censorship is being lead by universidad nacional autónoma de méxico mecanismos de privacidad y anonimato '' at https tor.enjambre.net/convocatoria .
basically running ooni probe against the list of tor directory authorities to document the isp 's that block tor .
i have thought for a long time about how when and honestly if i would write this .
but with some time and healing behind me and the start of a new year i felt that it was time .
as i 'm sure you know by now my wife i divorced a little over a year ago .
at the time we put a lot of thought into what we considered an appropriately benign and simple statement which we released together announcing this sad news .
a very good and wise friend someone who has also gone through some hard things publicly gave what i consider valuable counsel while your instinct and people 's expectation might be to go into a lot of detail in what you share publicly about a situation like this it 's very rarely a good idea .
but with some perspective and much personal health and growth over the past year it now feels incongruent to leave the subject unaddressed publicly .
i can imagine that many of you felt and maybe still feel confused disappointed angry even at hearing the news of our split .
there was an understanding a trust broken between you and me .
i 've heard it said that trust takes years to build and seconds to break .
my hope is that this writing might be the first step towards rebuilding that trust .
in the brief statement that was released about our divorce it said that i took full responsibility for the events that led to the decision .
that is true but i want to take this opportunity to say more .
i betrayed the trust of my family my friends my community .
and i betrayed the trust and support that many of you have entrusted me with for many many years .
what started as a brief inappropriate and quickly confessed connection with a very old friend evolved quickly into something more serious which was hidden from spouses and friends .
it continued in secret for a matter of months was eventually discovered and set into motion the consequences that i will now live with for the rest of my life .
i believed lies which led me to tell lies .
it 's insane how quickly it becomes rational and reasonable to believe and do destructive and evil things .
as much as i wish i could i simply can not change what i 've done nor the resulting consequences .
i can only own these despicable actions which have left me completely devastated and deeply ashamed .
sometimes no matter how bad you want it or how hard you fight for it broken things just ca n't be mended .
the only path forward from here is to continue focusing on health healing my children parents and investing in safe community .
that brings me to one of the most important things i can emphasize .
through what 's easily been the hardest few years of my life many friends left a precious few stayed and some new friends showed up for which i am so grateful and without whom i might not have survived .
for most of my life and certainly as these events transpired i have been dramatically under-resourced with people around me with whom i have been truly vulnerable who really knew me .
the importance of having a handful even just one or two safe people in your life with whom you can and do truly share everything especially the hardest and most shameful things can not be overstated .
i see this as one of the most important and life-altering changes that this devastation has brought about in my life .
although it took time i found a wise therapist several groups of men with whom i spend regular time and a handful of friends who i consider to be among the best i 've ever had .
i would plead with you to find a small group of safe men or women friends who will not respond with platitudes of morality but will instead get down and not only join you but stay with you in your shit in hopes of helping pull you out .
inevitably they 'll need you to join them in theirs someday .
you might be a man or woman reading this even now finding yourself exactly where i was two years ago seriously considering choices that could destroy your life your family and maybe yourself .
if that 's you please listen to me what you think you want what you think you can have is not real and you 'll lose real things pursuing it .
as an unfortunately and extremely reliable source please believe me .
so if you 're standing on that steep ledge stop .
at very least risk telling someone immediately and give opportunity to hearing some understanding and perspective maybe some sanity restoring words that might be the small disruption needed to shake you awake .
the tone spirit of the songs i 've written over the last decade or so have sometimes been called prophetic a term that i 've worn with extreme discomfort .
but it turns out my songs have been eerily prophetic in my own story .
'i am a whore i do confess but i put you on like a wedding dress and i run down the aisle . '
hard as they have always been to sing i am especially grateful to have those words to confess today as i 've never known them to be more deeply true of myself as i am running down that aisle still .
there has always been some measure of distance between me and the content of my songs .
there 's a sense in which even the most confessional of my songs like 'wedding dress ' or it 's more recent sibling 'heavy ' felt like they were about someone else .
so the accidentally prophetic sting of those songs is especially acute and painful in light of my great failures .
songs like those have never been more difficult to sing but i 've never been more grateful to have to .
i 've said recently that my songs feel like my personal liturgy things that i do n't necessarily or always believe but i show up to recite again and again in hopes of believing them .
if i 'm honest most of the time i do n't believe the words in my songs .
i have a hard time believing in a god that could make let alone love a man who could do such things .
so i 'll go on reciting and adding to my liturgy in hopes of believing the words because i wish to .
here is a link to his heavy https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=rf5k2uh5uqe .
if not is there another company that provides a similar service at a affordable price ?
req 1400 elo rating and has went flawless atleast once
hey guys i currently have a bitfenix neos case for my i5 4670 and my gtx970 but my hdd 's are making too much noise
i 'm looking for a really silent case where i could install a watercooling and 2 hdd 's and ssd 's
i do n't care about the size my budget would be 150€ maximum
also which watercooling and fans do you guys recommend ?
it 's still the biggest cancer deck i have ever witnessed why is no one complaining anymore ?
i have a statistics exam tomorrow and i did n't study much for it.. and right now i am getting ready to play witcher 3. ffs .
i ca n't focus even when i am studying .
i know i can only help myself but i do n't see the consequences of not studying i 'll wing it .
if anyone got some extra time could you outline what i got ta do to make a low level dds staking account ?
like what 're the minimum stats i 'll need quests i 'll have to do and gear i 'll have to get etc .
also are there even any people staking at that low minimum combat level ?
shout out to u/iron_aloha it 's the cheese from uhm .
was surprised to see you on twitch amazing job with your stream !
i 'm currently building a pc for a friend .
a few weeks ago i did a post about it https www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/comments/3sk9ei/build_help_800_build_for_a_friend_the_netherlands .
he extended his budget a bit and we improved the build .
he choose a different motherboard as he wanted a optical audio port on the motherboard .
also the ssd was changed to a bigger samsung 850 evo 250gb .
the cpu cooler was changed from a cm tx3 to a cm 212 evo .
cpu i5 4460 gpu gtx 960 4gb and ram 16gb ddr3 stayed the same .
last but not least i 've added a cheap but good mouse and keyboard combination .
have had a few contractions and i 'm already dilated to 6 cm .
i was just wanting to get back into the game again downloaded it and installed it and i no longer have any characters on the account ... did they all get deleted or am i missing something ?
time to end this slump in a big way .
let 's hope they play with some emotion tonight got ta be hungry for a win .
this has easily been my favorite boss fight in any game so far .
not because it was hard or challenging or anything but because of how i 've portrayed rosh so far i think everything fits together well .
today we face the star of npc simulator himself rosh !
can we defeat the most incompetent force user in the star wars universe ?
anything similar to the style would be great been searching everywhere .
just out of curiosity as i 'm fully aware that i wo n't likely get in ever can someone tell me what it 's like inside ?
i mean is it similar to another site that one may stand a chance of becoming a member at ?
it would be nice to have something to compare it to .
ak-47 red laminate with vox holo katowice 2014 http imgur.com/a/9yg9s
i 'm also interested with easy to sale items with little overpay
skyrim had horses in vanilla and then we got mods to ride other various animals .
fallout does n't really have a lore friendly animal we could ever ride to my knowledge so i do n't see us getting one in the vanilla dlc 's .
however so you think we will get a mod that allows such a thing ?
is there a desire amongst any of you to ride on the back of a deathclaw or mirelurk queen whilst travelling the commonwealth ?
trying to level a new account and decided to do the heirloom main pieces for experience .
i need to get honoured with my guild to buy a pair what 's the fastest way to go about it ?
i 'm on jung ma looking to start role playing with my new jedi knight .
how does this normally work should i join a rp guild or what ?
does anyone have both the te op-1 and novation circuit who are willing to make some comparisons ?
if you had to pick one for on-the-fly jamming and tinkering which would you choose and why ?
i 've read plenty of reviews but looking for input from folks who have experience with both .
edit thank you all for your input lots of good insight here .
i have a feeling i will be happy with either one and will go try and play with either unit before purchasing .
i 'm trying to create a project that i 'd love to set up with adafruit io .
the idea is to turn on/off relay switches wirelessly through a cc3000 .
i have tried using adafruit 's project for a wireless lamp but i 'm not able to control an 8 relay switch module in place of their relay set up .
been a while since the update came out why ca n't i add my items to the site ?
post a comment here with the amount of keys you want before adding me .
i 'm disappointed in the amount of sleep i got .
only about 12 hours which is normal for me .
i wanted to sleep through today through my lovers funeral through everything .
heya guys anyway i 've been playing around with msi afterburner for a while and i 've managed to get core clock 100 mhz and memory 200 mhz it only lasts for some benchmarks i do n't think it would be stable in long gaming sessions but what do you think how much should i raise the clocks and keep them like that for long sessions ?
i was thinking of leaving it 50 core and 100 mhz memory clock but i 'm not a professional overclocker so i 'm asking you guys !
media my girlfriend thought she was safe once she got that kill .
i am going for a 100 dex in as.. first of i wan na go for a hoenn dex so it would be awesome if someone could borrow me a omega ruby exclusive pokemon for 100 dex .
i would also like a charmander squirtle and a bulbasaur to my as cause i do n't have x nor y .
for the kanto starters i am probably just giving a random wurmple cause you can easaly breed them .
omega ruby pokémon i have so far in the dex
in this episode john reese is working with the journalist maxine by dating her .
at the end maxine is saying that if the man in the suit is n't an urban legend he would have saved her then she walks away .
does or does she not know reese is the suit ?
they must travel across all six lands ruins snowdin waterfall hotland core new home .
i 've recently gotten a new pc and everything is running great .
i have encountered only one issue so far my keyboard stops working in certain usb ports when i open certain apps .
it works fine in google chrome and on windows but when i open a program such as mumble or a game such as cs go it stops working .
i know it 's receiving power still since the lights are on i just ca n't do anything .
if i press the caps lock the light on the keyboard does n't even change .
i can change the usb port it 's plugged into to one of them on the side it does n't work in all the rear usb ports and it works fine it 's just those ports are in the way of my chair and i 'm worried i 'm going to snap whatever is plugged in there .
my keyboard is just a cheap one from amazon so there 's no drivers or nothing available .
edit i have 4 usb ports at the back of my pc which all had something plugged in mouse keyboard wifi adapter and a bluetooth adapter for my headset and when i removed the bluetooth adapter from the port everything was working fine .
could it be an issue of power and not enough being supplied ?
i presume not if not is there a query to sort bugs by 'having the most duplicates ' ?
was just thinking about how there 's tons of duplicates but i imagine not everyone who files a duplicate votes for the original which is maybe-fine but maybe also under-represents the importance/annoyance of certain bugs especially those not easily searchable by title when sorting by votes .
my query-fu is not very strong so i dunno if there 's a way to write a query that e.g .
finds the 'top ' bugs as measured by 'votes duplicates ' and was just curious .
it 's like when people insist on telling you that they do n't even own a tv '' .
my band is still relatively new to playing live but in the 4 shows we 've done so far we had problems hearing each other .
we made it work but there has to be a better way for us to take control of our own monitoring situation without relying on flaky or even non-existent venue sound guys .
recently i have been playing some cs go through some maps i have noticed random bombs in random locations floating in mid air on all maps once i look at them they disappear..
1 ak-47 redline field-tested http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198188016289/inventory 730_2_4712794535 0.16225689649582 http csgo.exchange/item/4712794535 sticker queen of pain http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c queen of pain 2
i 've got an ipod nano 4 whose battery died and a touch 4 which is fine .
id like to buy a new 7th gen nano but first i would like a picture comparing the nano 7 with the touch 4 sizes .
i cant get then anywhere near my city to see their size in my hands .
so i 've thought that someone here might have both models and could grab me some pictures if that is n't much trouble .
all the videos i 've found were comparing the 7th nano with the touch 5 ...
not wake up to have to deal with another day of this big hole of sadness and despair in my chest and stomach .
it consumes my thoughs my willpower my energy and my will to live every second and minute of the day .
i hate my life i hate myself and i hate my depression .
my life is in no way bad i have no real reason to be depressed and still i am sad every minute of every waking hour .
a simple rejection makes me hate myself even more and that in turn makes me hate the fact that i hate myself .
i 've tried shrinks medication socialicing working out everything i have read up on .
and i am completly wrecked thinking i want to die '' just those three words multiple times a day .
my life consists of trying to get trough the day not being able to do anything productive outside work just wanting to sleep so my mindre stops having all theese thoughs and the black hole stops hurting if just for a while .
i do not want to live like this not being able to do anything just makes me more depressed but trying to do things makes me wanting nothing more than to go back to my bed and cry myself to sleep .
i could n't stand being around my family and friends this christmas because i cant focus on the good things in life i can only obsess over the bad .
2016 had a horrible start i hosted a party for my friends and from the second they arrived i wanted nothing more than for the day to be over because i dont know how to communicate that i am fucking broken and i dont enjoy anything .
i just want it to be over and to have some rest .
so last week i went to my local bargain store and grabbed some older techno cd 's
a few minutes ago i passed by a song called born slippy '' by darren emerson when i noticed holy hell this is totally the intro to white nuxxle driver ''
i mean holy hell i had no idea ren used influence from this track !
i usually listen to some chillstep in the back as i tackle some harder problems myself .
i have no one in my life who is my age that settled down '' early on .
i am looking for somewhere to import and display my code pen code except with a domain name of my choice .
i 'm 19 and ca n't get my dick up .
she will be my second hypermax after i finish andro which hopefully will be soon .
there were n't any on the shelves so i had to ask a worker to check in the back for me and he brought out a bag that already had one of each tsum in it .
i 'm not sure if that 's how they 're packaged but that was how he brought it to me .
also here 's the dcpi if you wan na check before going to your local store
edit also they had the blind vinyl scenes as well
result sum a*b for a b in zip xrow ycol for ycol in zip y for xrow in x
this is the code that actually takes two matrices two objects that are a list of lists each element being a column of the matrix and performs matrix multiplication on them .
now i 'd like to think that i have a basic understanding of list comprehensions and what zip does but i do n't really understand this code .
so after revealing his face and everyone giving him shit he has n't been feeling good about it .
on his stream he was talking about it how it hurt but he is n't going to care anymore talking about depressions and shit and suicide so now his twitch was deleted .
thanks boys got ta love the toxicity of the lol community considering half you guys butt ugly anyway and talk shit about him .
sigh hope u guys who were taking shit to him feel good about yourselves because no one else will about you if your like that
is there a version of just tyler singing this without the fans ?
i 'm getting married later this year and would love to use this version .
it 's the middle of the freaking night and i 'm sitting downstairs waiting to see if i 'm going to throw up or not .
i would hate hate hate morning sickness not to mention i do n't deal well with other people throwing up either .
to be completely honest this situation is kinda my own fault because i ate too much at new years dinner yesterday while i was pretty recently diagnosed with ibs irritable bowel syndrome .
but that does n't change the fact that i am slightly freaking out because of very bad experiences with throwing up when i was younger so many hospital stays.. caused by my then still undiagnosed other chronic illness .
throwing up was basically me going into shock because of this illness .
which means if i do start throwing up i could basically end up going into shock and obviously ending up in a hospital .
so no i could never do the whole pregnancy thing or looking after babies/kids who might spew on you .
i 'm never eating that much again that 's for sure .
mydria arys and borys were walking slowly slowly through the dense wood surrounding old oak .
it 's probably not true you know arys whispered tauntingly breaking the silence .
if it was true father would know and if father knew he would have found it already.
then why did you even come if you do n't believe it ? myrdria hissed .
her green eyes peered down at her younger brother 's blank pupils .
well you were bringing borys with you and he 's barely old enough to dress himself ! arys retorted .
how could you take care of him when you ca n't even take of yourself ? ary 's dark eyes squinted at his sister disapprovingly so tight they looked almost like empty holes on his face in the dark night .
borys trailing behind his two siblings spoke up before myrdria could fight back .
i 've been dressing myself for almost a full moon ! he complained .
and unlike you i do n't have broke eyes !
myrdria rounded on her heels and bent down to borys ' face .
you do n't talk to your brother like that .
his eyes are n't broken. she then flipped to face arys and stuck a finger between his chest .
and the only reason borys wanted to come anyway was because you would n't be quiet about this in the first place .
i would have been fine doing this by myself if you had n't followed me down the halls trying to talk me out of it .
so if you want to stay here you better shut up or i 'll make you leave ! arys glared at her before looking at the ground in defeat .
good now unless you guys have anything be quiet .
if we get caught out here we might not get another chance to look for it. satisfied that she had taken back control myrsinia took the lead as the trio continued their trek into the forest .
it was her who had originally found out about the treasure .
she had heard it from one of her favorite handmaidens tansell .
she was one of her younger ladies barely twenty and she was also one of the most gregarious .
she was always the one who knew which serving girl fancied which knight and which gardener had spent a little too long with the stable boys .
on this day in particular tanselle had chosen to tell her a story she had heard from one of the older handmaidens who had served her aunt .
way up in her room in the maiden 's tower there were multiple carvings in the wall telling grand stories of her ancestors .
apparent myrdria 's grandmother had told aunt myrsinia who had told the handmaiden who had told tanselle that one of the carvings was actually a map to a special treasure hidden by one of the princesses of old oak .
while tanselle was brushing out myrdria 's hair she pointed out a tall grey tree carved into the ceiling with a golden oval surrounded by rays of sun nestled in the heart of the tree as she told the story .
long ago back before you and me were born before the targaryens ruled westeros before the first gardener king had controlled the oakhearts the oakhearts were king 's and queen 's themselves .
one of the kings of old oak had had a daughter and this princess was one of the prettiest women that had been born in over a century some say her beauty rivaled princess janette herself who this tower was made for
you know that story right ? tanselle had said breaking the mood .
yes ! myrdria had said impatiently get to the part about the treasure !
tanselle laughed alright well this princess was the prettiest princess to be born in a long time .
so of course almost a hundred princes and lords and even small folk had come to old oak to ask for her hand .
the king had denied many of them but they still kept coming and with them they brought many different gifts they brought with them treasures small and large casks full of silver and gold bags of different jewels and gemstones paintings that tried to capture the essence of her beauty even beautifully crafted swords and shields with the emblem of house oakheart .
all of these noble and small men alike brought treasures from all over westeros to win the heart of the princess.
luckily the princess was n't just pretty but she was also smart .
when she sent her suitors away she made sure to keep all of their gifts and hide them away up in the maiden tower where no one else but her most trusted handmaidens could come .
with each new potential husband her collection would grow larger and larger until she was forced to carpet her floor with her treasure and she even gave some away to her handmaidens so she had enough room in her bed to sleep.
unfortunately she eventually had to marry it would n't be seemly to have a princess become an old maid .
eventually she found the perfect husband and they had a fantastic wedding as soon as they met but she knew that the marriage meant that she must give up her treasure .
you see she did n't want to embarrass her new husband by showing him all of the wonderful gifts so many other men had given her so they had to be hidden away.
the night before her marriage the princess packed all her treasures in every clothing trunk money box and coffer she owned and gathered all her sisters cousins and handmaidens to go out and hide it .
they collected enough horses and mules to carry the presents and they rode out towards the outer forests of old oak until they found the biggest tree in the land and the princess hid her cache.
the day after the princess married her husband and collected the rest of her belongings to go live at his castle but not before carving the image of the tree she found to hide her treasure into the ceiling .
it was her wish that one day another oakheart princess would find the treasure again and bring it into the family once again. tanselle finished the tale off with a neat braid down the center of myrdria 's back .
after what seemed like hours the three oakhearts came across a particularly thick tree that sprout out high above the leaves of all the other trees .
they all paced around the trunk trying to spot the top of it through the leaves .
this has to be the tree it 's bigger than any other one we 've seen. arys fell to his butt and began to rub his cramped feet .
myrdria continued to circle the tree looking for any place that might be used as a hidden spot .
borys followed close behind her marvelling at the height of the tree .
well mydria began there should be some bush or something .
do you even know what you 're looking for ?
i-i thought we would be able to find it once we got here but there 's nothing here .
it 's probably the biggest tree in the whole reach !
maybe someone already came and took it. borys offered .
if someone else had already found it we would know. myrdria assured him .
maybe it 's at the top of the tree where we ca n't see it. said borys .
how could you fit a room full of trunks on the top of a tree ? asked arys i bet i was right all along .
we just walked around in the dark for an hour for nothing arys climbed back onto his feet and grabbed borys .
i 'm going back home and i 'm taking borys with me .
you can come back when you realize you were wrong. he told myrdria .
as the two boys walked off myrdria continued staring at the tree .
maybe there was some door inside the tree or a map written into the bark .
or ... maybe she missed something else written on the ceiling .
maybe there was some clue the princess had left in her room that she just needed to find .
that 's what she needed to do get more clues .
confident that she was right myrdria turned back towards the castle to return home .
but do n't have a clue who to upgrade .
does anyone know if the game is sold out tonight ?
works i still be able to get tickets at the gate ?
so i 'll either drink or not and just leave it at that .
returning player to ark who lost base due to demolish can literally find no space to build on an official server for a comeback .
hello i 'm julia i 'm 38 and have a confession .
not just any younger men hung prime studs willing to prove what they can do !
p while this is very fun my problem is there is too many on here .
every post is greeted by dozens of horny young me who want a piece of old julia so i 've come here today to ask for some help .
i 'm looking for a like minded individual who will help me fuck some of these young men preferably multiple at a time .
i 'm looking for a women around my age who also loves a bit of young meat preferably this would turn into a regular thing where we host multiple young men and have our way with them but for now it can be just chatting .
if there is anyone out there who fits the bill please let me know there 's lots of fun to be had p
this has been the most frustrating two days ever then i go to play civ v my card is at a low temp i load a custom multiplayer game and change my resolution after doing this the game crashes and blue screens .
i am able to restart my computer and load it normally i restart load civ it crashes at same spot .
upon reloading prebios i am getting four rows of s and artifacts my pc ca n't even boot into windows normally without getting a bluescreen from nvidia bsod 116 .
my card is not overclocked beyond factory and was not overheating nor close to it at the time .
i have found several people reporting the exact same issue happening to them upon civ v crashing .
i have tried everything i 'm currently stuck using intel integrated as i have absolutely no money right now this 60hz is killing my eyes .
the worst part is my graphics card has a lifetime warranty if you register it within 30 days but i apparently never did that because i was 16 and had no idea of a lifetime warranty on my card .
this has been so frustrating i 'm not even sure how civ v can kill my card it was running beautifully for years with no issues and then it just randomly dies ...
if you have it feel free to add me .
you can use this excellent tool to check your game list againts my library http www.compare2steam.com ? steamid=76561197972478370 .
warhammer® 40,000 dawn of war® game of the year edition
plith desura but is greenlit so should give steam key
company of heroes™ 2 the western front armies oberkommando west
i appreciate if you post here or to my profile before adding me .
it will be interesting to see how goals work long-term .
i really like them right now everybody does and for things like annual payments costco aaa amazon prime etc .
but i have noticed that it is really tempting to set goals for all my savings categories which is also great but i wonder how that will affect rule 3 i generally roll with the punches by moving money out of savings categories holidays birthdays vacation etc .
and if that makes things turn yellow i wonder what kind of psychological impact that will have on the whole method .
so i 've actually tried nofap in the past and failed many times .
i also believe a lot of the anti-porn stuff is bs..
but i ca n't deny the fact that when i fap all the time i 'm out of energy and feel no sexual desire .
and that 's coming from a 17 year old .
i 've already started my nofap journey yesterday 1/1/2016 .
what i 've learned from my past journeys cold showers help never touch your penis never go near websites or part of websites that even could feature porn constantly stay around people and go in public so you ca n't pet the snake get a web extension that blocks all kinky stuff do n't watch movies that feature hot women and kinky stuff do n't play video games that feature hot women pinch yourself when horny.. hard .
i sound like i 'm against porn and masturbation but i 'm not .
i 'm doing this for me because i always feel like crap..
lately it seems i 've been denying that i feel like crap because everyone around me denies that masturbating can make you feel like crap and that i 've also tried denying it because i wanted to masturbate .
but from my own experience fap very low energy do n't fap for a couple of days more energy .
every time i fap the next few days i feel like crap .
i feel like a 50 year old man with low testosterone .
but in order to not relapse i 'm going to need your help.. give me some more tips than i 've already mentioned .
just wondering what you guys are thinking of barberio ?
i was really impressed with his play at the winter classic .
do you guys think he has a spot on the team ?
i 'm in the mood to drink some beer make some new friends and go on an adventure .
i 'm running a world of dungeons one shot tonight from 8pm to 12am-ish est !
it 's going to be very beer-and-pretzels and hopefully a lot of fun .
if you 're interested you can get more information and apply on my roll20 listing !
i 'm having an ongoing battle against all four of my miners spontaneously losing internet connections at precisely 3 o'clock every morning .
i 'm wondering what would happen if i just put them all on a timer to kill power to them at like 2:30 and then bring them back at 3:30 .
this is essentially what i do when their shrieking wakes me up but i 'd i could automate the process that would be nice .
i 've always been under the impression that toggling the switch was bad for them and this seems like it would be the same thing .
is there somewhere in rochester that i could join to have access to a laser cutter ?
i 'm thinking something like a hackerspace or shop .
i 've just come back from the holidays and one of my ds4 controllers has a strange issue .
my roommate says he 'might have ' spilt some ribena on it .
the l1 and l2 buttons do n't seem to work .
i followed the advice here https www.reddit.com/r/ps4/comments/2qgi89/controller_only_working_on_ps_menu_but_not_in and it seems that the l1 button is stuck on while l2 just does n't register at all .
i have cleaned the buttons and surrounding areas with alcohol but could n't see any sticky residues and it has n't helped .
just wanted to know if anyone has any other advice before i have to retire this controller to the bin !
for those of you familiar with the gig-economy freelancing and microtasking it should n't take too much imagination to see how vr will make working this way more comfortable fun and convenient .
couple this with telepresence robotics you can even use vr to work as a robot in the physical world .
in short i think we are underestimating vr as a disruptive force for the very near future of work .
i think it will lead to more jobs going on-line turning more traditional jobs into gig-based jobs and it will increase our expectations of being able to contact and interact with workers and employers instantly and at all times ... and that will mean we will need flexibility .
microtasking sites like mturk and crowdflower and gig sites like fiverr are already like this .
just like on task/gig sites now that will mean more instability lower wages and a reduction in the amount of skilled labor needed .
instability for the masses lured in by the promise of no-contract labor will be here shortly .
the oculus rift the first real heavy hitter in vr is coming out in just a few months btw .
microtasking and the gig economy are already in bloom .
the demand for this kind of labor and the supply for those willing to suppy it are there .
when i studied and wrote a report on it a few years ago the industry grew 500 in one year and it continues to grow today .
yes many are behind the times on this stuff but it does n't mean it 's not going to be big soon .
vr is already functional and it provides a good experience .
it 's just currently expensive and more developers need to build apps and games for it .
have experience with crop king seeds and it was ok but selection was weak .
i know marc emery 's site is good but pretty expensive .
i looked up mjseedscanada and the selection and price seems great anyone able to provide your experience with them ?
or do you recommend another site in particular if so why ?
valus ran'aru clutches my head in his hands and hoists me overhead .
i 'd pumped four rounds into his chest from my shotgun and battered him with my fists and he 's still standing .
his grip coils like a vice and my helmet begins to buckle under the pressure .
as a last minute moment of defense i shove an arc grenade into the neck fold of his armor .
i jump into the air my fists crackling with electricity .
i hammer them down onto his head and he bursts with arcs of energy tearing him apart until he 's nothing but dust in the martian wind .
my ghost spiny and agitated as he is begins to patch my helmet before lose atmosphere .
it 's the attacks that i survive that learn the most from .
i 've been alive for a few weeks now and i 've been through what feels like a year 's worth of conflict testing my skill and whittling away weakness and rust down to the bare elements .
before all of this i was a corpse in russia .
the ghost has given me life again through the boon of the traveler who i swear to defend along with her wards .
i have to be a flash of lightning striking faster and harder than most people can formulate a thought .
be it cabal legionaries cracking apart sub-atomically after i punch them or another guardian thinking he 's the cock of the walk and needing to be taking down a peg both are the same .
i need to keep everyone on their toes and be ever-ready because even if it 's me facing them down in the crucible it 's only a matter of time before the forces of the ever-ready darkness press against our walls and attempt to usurp all we 've worked towards .
i have to be a part of the foundation of this city 's defense .
i 'll be writing a journal every now and then .
so my 5 year old league finally decided last year to get trophies for both the winner and the sacko .
there is a whole separate story but the winner did n't get the trophy until this year 's draft and now he 's arguing that he should have it for a full year and we should always present it to the new winner at the following year 's draft .
we never made an official rule for this because i think we all assumed it would n't be an issue and our league has a rule where we only change scoring rules between seasons he 's trying to invoke that to say that we ca n't change the time the trophy changes hands without a vote that would go into effect next year .
others are contending that the super bowl winner gets the lombardi trophy the day they win same with the stanley cup and same with nearly every trophy .
that we should n't need to have a rule for something so obvious .
i already know that i 'm in a league with at least one 6 year old but what do you all think ?
i was just thinking how occasionally my niece or girlfriend will watch me playing a game and how i 've recently begun streaming my gameplay but will this be impossible once i start using an hmd ?
i totally understand that vr renders things for each eye taking special lenses into effect so i completely understand the technical difficulty or perhaps sheer impossibility involved in having a standard video output running simultaneously but given how popular streaming has become it would surprise me if the only solution was requiring all spectators to have an hmd of their own .
has this topic come up before or been addressed ?
i 'm sure 5 years or so from now vr will be in a significantly more advanced place i 'm thinking of how advanced smartphones became 5 years after the original iphone for example and it might not be unusual for any dedicated gamer to have one or two headsets but it would strike me as a major handicap to not accommodate this .
i also just realized that not every headset will have the same resolution and fov correct ?
so that would be another issue if you can only have output match the exact same dimensions .
tl dr will friends be able to watch on a secondary monitor and/or will there be a solution for a streamer using vr who 's audience obviously wo n't entirely consist of fellow hmd owners ?
i have been playing modded skyrim for about 60 hours now and have a few things to ask the community when it comes to stability .
at the bottom of this post i will put my load order .
i am getting a strange bug after playing for a while i see small grass and rocks appearing indoors and even in the sky see link for the pic http i.imgur.com/xxzjqa2.jpg
i ca n't increase mem block 1 to 1024 without the game ctd'ing right away trying to laod the main menu i have tried it with both the skse patch file and the dx standalone file that goes in the main skyrim directory and nether allow me to set mem block one to a gigabyte without it crashing and 768 is not enough sometimes
3. same item having multiple stacks in inventory i am guessing this is multiple mods trying to add the same item ?
i had about 30 sets of falmer armours to sell and they had about 5 stacks between them rather than the one stack just saying 30 next to it
ctd when loading only sometimes most of the time after dying then loading .
those are the only generic bugs others are related to specific mods i would be best asking about on the mod page i have tried a few things to help so far like cleaning my files with tesvedit which seemed to help a little bit and using fake fullscreen mode with my enb .
i understand that now they 've exhausted the state appeal process they can move on to the federal process is that right ?
and is there a process after that if they 're unsuccessful at federal level ?
is there any precedent for the sort of publicity this case is getting helping the convicted person 's appeal ?
sometimes they do it 's called donner syndrome ... and belive me it 's no party .
depending on how the new coach feels about tannehill i would n't be opposed to trading down to get paxton lynch .
if we decide to stick with tannehill i think our number one priority should be to improve the secondary by getting vernon hargraeves or preferably jalen ramsey .
if we decide to go with jaylon smith i say we hold off on getting a cb until 2017 as both jalen tabor from florida and corn elder from miami will be available and as both a fan of the gators and the u i can assure you that these are both very talented players .
i too plan to throw away way too much money on vinyl in 2016 .
i have a small collection of records already but no turntable yet .
he 's the only person i have blocked on twitter .
that was the last osu game i 've been to and probably the best game i 've seen in person .
such a weird season with fickell as head coach .
i played with him in the east west bowl .
i ca n't figure out how to get wtfast to work .
i do n't know man thought r/turkey would be the best sub to ask .
i also wanted to start a friendly discussion about our languages differences and similarites apparently a lot of people care since they comment d
those clio 's kill brown brush have been the only liners i 've used lately .
i have a dreaded combo of oily lids and watery eyes and i find their staying power is pretty amazing .
i hate these so much because i ca n't relate to them .
i have older parents so the idea of them being around when i 'm thirty years old might not happen .
i have to be the fifty year old before i 'm even twenty .
george wrote i am trying to cut down on travel this year and in subsequent years at least until ice fire is done . ''
he did n't say untill winds of winter is done !
he always say he minimize his trips in order to finish twow !
michigan state university did an awesome look at mapping '' reddit and putting like groups together back in 2013 .
that 's been the regular price for a while .
it 's scary to think some people have been to the last stage .
it 's free gwg and yes it 's super amazing for all the people who are sad over street fighter not coming to xbox one so yes get it play it enjoy it .
this is actually how yun che dies and turns to the child as the new mc .
if 100k is chump change to you then you can try it but otherwise i would n't .
i 've lost millions trying for the avatar for the past couple months .
food club is pretty much the only thing that 's keeping me afloat .
but i decided to quit trying for now until i get up to 10 mil or so .
i know you do n't want to deal with it but what if this guy tries this rapey shit on someone else ?
what if he already has and she 's afraid to come forward ?
shit like this happens because these guys think they can get away with it .
if you do n't speak up you 're proving that attitude right .
besides this is n't just a date that went awkward this is a coworker who you were working with .
i know it sucks but if you wo n't speak up who will ?
your mom is lucky your sil is so nice about her entitled attitude .
if i were your sil i would 've called your mom and said something along the lines of sorry i did n't text earlier .
your son kept me up all night with hot kinky sex .
but do n't worry i 'm not in my fertile window so no grandbabies for you .
and if i ever do get pregnant rest assured that your entitled butt will be the last to know . ''
not that it would ever make it that far because my husband would laugh in his mother 's face if she tried to dictate when i communicate with her .
your mom is so entitled and so controlling that she thinks that she should be allowed to mandate that her dil contact her at specific times .
bf4 and star wars are fun as hell and incredibly popular yet in any thread about them people are always complaining .
i was playing my fluffals once in a simmilar situation to you cant quite remember the deck i was playing but it had basically come down to i had to otk this turn game 3 or lose .
pulled off some combos i believe i ended up with sheep and sabre tooth on board but i came up exactly 1200 lp short of game .
i had toy vendor on field and mst in hand .
i decided to give it a shot and pitch mst with toy vendor and managed to draw the single card remaining in my deck that could win bear !
d i drew into all 3 dogs early and used 2 other bears for wings combos and so that was literally the only card i could have drawn to get the damage it was pretty surreal d the luck element of vendor makes it so exciting
this was already explored with companions such as jamie and zoe but i 'm sure that the people currently behind the show could do something fresh with this dynamic .
they wanted to make the b1g east the new sec west is the reasoning i 've heard
i like niko but i fucking hate how he acts so weak and trys to play mechanically .
he always flops and flails i wish he would play with confidence because his shooting is hawt .
i do n't get why so many people say not to use a guide .
i mean i 've never used a guide for a souls game but there 's so little info in the actual games that i often end up looking up what an item does or info on the npc 's you meet to find out about them and yes that usually lands me in spoiler territory but i prefer to experience everything the game has first time around if i can .
barely anything is 'explained ' in the game so unless you love hunting down and piecing together lore i doubt there 's much to be spoiled by looking up info .
you can find the older roku 3 with no dedicated buttons my first r3 had it .
i 'm not a fan of the buttons or the entire remote because the older one had a go back '' button which was awesome .
now it has the voice search '' button which is worthless .
at least i still have the first one still in a spare bedroom .
it was capitalizing on an also visibly fading weidman 's sloppy technique .
it 's all speculation but he probably could have gotten weidman down another way .
he would't be the first staph infected fighter to win a title fight .
if one incorporated right can be taken away without due process then why not another ?
look at some of the truly bad stuff that 's gone down on reddit .
got it to log in eventually but it wo n't play any video and all the menus are in what looks like times new roman ...
edit now menus are still weird but video will play .
i tried the vittoria version but it threw off a lot of rubber bits .
you 're so backwards in your thinking its not even funny .
i bet you 've never had a so bc nobody agrees with you .
you can go on as many dates as you want .
you do n't get to assume things are exclusive just bc you 've had a couple meals with a person you fucking lunatic .
they filmed it in la around the same time as yq3 .
why do you have to wait until end of year ?
i try to re-organize my friend list whenever i do penguin scissors or seahorse cavern .
basically i look for guests with max stats use their captains and send friend requests .
i always set my most useful captains whenever i send friend requests and vast majority of times i get accepted .
then at the same time i delete friends with little activities or useless captains or those who simply ca n't keep up with my game .
thunderlord 's decree is n't especially broken on zed compared to other champions it has crazy base damage that can be proc 'd effortlessly by almost any champion .
i think they should at least make it spellcast-only instead of including autoattacks .
i agree that decks should be able to be focussed on the commander .
if your commander being taken away though shuts your entire deck down then you may want to go back to the drawing board .
there were like three or four really graphic sex scenes .
if you prime your tank correctly you will wonder why you had n't made the switch earlier .
you will honestly love the flavor of your new tank !
your post was removed because it uses the text box .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=what stands to studying as exercising stands to losing weight ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
how would you go about the thick billowy smoke '' ?
i already have the right movement down but i ca n't seem to get away from the blurry mess .
you do n't understand how characters who are weaker without cards should be stronger with them than those who are better without cards ?
it 's entirely possible to learn modern algebra and maybe even topology before calculus .
i have mine on the deck foundation and most of the time i keep clicking open the foundation permissions menu
for your call to not be billed to you your phone company has to have some way of knowing that a certain number is toll-free and using a specific area code is the easiest option .
if they did n't use that system and instead used the actual area code it would require the maintenance of a database of toll-free numbers .
assigning them a dedicated area code or codes as multiple are now used makes identifying toll-free numbers much simpler .
the same method is used for premium-rate numbers and other examples where the type of number is more important than the geographical location .
just people get offended by all sorts of things these days .
i really do n't like this part of our growing culture of having to walk on eggshells for everyone but these are my friends and i do respect their faith .
but yeah i think it 's just a harmless piece of fiction that happens to use jesus in the plot and treats him respectfully .
do you also take thyroid medication or have you had the full battery of thyroid tests ?
you certainly do n't look hypothyroid in your picture .
i was answering in the context of the question asked and not in the context of being clear to those that do not read the question .
the formula goes like this sigma is uncertainty mu 3 sigma mmr '' .
at default values it looks like 25 3 8.333 0.001 '' .
at default mu but a minimum capped sigma 25 3 2.5 17.5 '' .
notice how mmr in the second example 17.5 is much higher than it is in the first one 0.001 .
the uncertainty does n't match you against random opponents .
i do n't think jericho will be at wm xxx i think he will know when it is time to step out and wo n't have an ego keeping him there .
unless he does n't actually get worse over time ...
this is jericho 's exact attitude whenever people ask him about retirement .
but as his match with neville proved he can still go with the right opponent .
but think about it this way a bunch of intelligent characters paired with realistic events do n't make for an interesting story for very long .
it 's been done before but it 's a very difficult thing to do .
i quit playing and sulk if the group decides to switch maps .
... this is almost verbatim what i have said for decades now ...
that 's true although leffen seems like he psychs himself out sometimes .
i 'm convinced the samus mu problem he has is just mental and he puts himself on tilt .
or born into an unfavorable circumstance and too dirt poor to move elsewhere most likely because their parents were poor .
it 's a vicious cycle do n't blame those caught in it .
the 3do is pretty simple to take apart just google it .
i recently did mine to find why it died .
most of the time it is the grease drying up or the gear to move the laser has a crack .
my issue was the gear but i ca n't seem to find one .
i 'm going to attempt to 3d print one .
if yours is that issues pm me and i 'll keep you in mind if i get around to making the gear .
i think you could still make sure you consistently have swamps available if you play cards like knight of the white orchid and sword of the animist .
if you do n't have access to any of those cards or other options i did n't list i 'd probably slant the deck to be a bit more black than white for now and make it at the very least half black .
what would convince me of the positive existence of god ?
a falsifiable miracle which was n't able to be explained by any measure of science .
the absorption is in theory 40-60 of an equivalent injection dose .
there is some doubt as to whether sublingual is an effective method at all but i 'm giving it a try .
there are others on this sub making legal assertions with no legal authority provided to back their claims .
because rengars jump is an auto attacks and kha is a ability
can you use a knife as a weapon yet ?
been playing since alpha kickstarter backer and it seemed counter-intuitive to not be able to use a knife to stave off the wolf attacks .
so the filtering of the eyes is part of the joke ?
itao was always was a bit more awkward with his humor .
i usually do n't understand him because of that .
i just know he makes the whole area feel uncomfortable like no one knows how to react to him or what he 's getting at .
the hard to understand part is itao 's jokes like a little too smart for me .
are they usually hard to understand or am i just experiencing the culture gap ?
search the city is at 300 for moderately played .
ever since the unique card limit was raised to 200 it really took off
it 's time for them to dance with the angels ! i 'm sorry .
last i knew he was cleaning and getting ready to start making juices .
he 's probably getting super organized and planning everything out .
i use it as my alarm tone it has a haunting quality to it that i have n't gotten tired of .
given that it 's supposed to be a very short term issue i do n't understand why borrowing it through conventional methods either by paying with credit or getting a separate small loan would not be viable options .
obviously nobody likes to take on debt but most people have to do it in order to pay for school so it seems pretty inappropriate to ask others to pay for her schooling in this case .
maybe op really does have some good reason why the crowd-funding is so necessary but he has n't given anywhere near enough details to justify it in my opinion .
besides men are bioengineered to sit with their legs further apart
i could go for a copy of left 4 dead 2 !
for christmas i got some funds to complete my ascension !
after the first ww2 when communism was in its heyday i bet you there were people like you believing that the evil red will prevail .
actual countries with massive armies nuclear weapons what have you .
you should be more realistic and less of a coward .
bulls are n't to shabby and the cubs are going to win it all within the next three years .
not much to fret about except well the bears ...
the experience led to him leaving the communist party and working actively to free the ussr .
i 'm just saying it 's dumb to use completion percentage as a stat when that 's what half of your passes were .
i remember op 's bike from the other day on another thread .
i am such an amateur that i do n't really feel comfortable saying too much negative about a picture
just promise not to give me back the broken one .
holy baby buddah in a basket wtf is this woman 's deal .
my dad always thought that i just went through an emo phase as a young teen .
he does n't realize that i still want to cut when life gets hard that i 've been hospitalized for suicidal thoughts and that i still need counseling .
he also does n't realize that i exhibited symptoms of depression as a child which i could n't really verbalize at the time because i had n't heard of depression or mental illness before .
my neighborhood had so many firecrackers going off early in the evening that we had to shut the windows so our kids could hear the movie they were watching .
at one point it sounded like they had a string going around the street that passes by our house .
we went out to watch the fireworks a few times .
it was so much cooler than when we lived in the airport area !
i 'm generally pretty good with money so all of the games i bought this year were either great games or at least good at reduced price
i actually stumbled upon the crucifixion scene right after i listened to my first song by them .
it was part of the reason i was so intrigued p
ive been dealing with depression and anxiety alot lately so things like this i second guess and overthink .
thanks for helping put my mind at ease a bit .
itt everyone has batshit retarded parents who think all entertainment is the work of the devil .
i can feel the rage of yours towards the end of the post brother !
beat the kings on wednesday lost to the lakers on friday .
the sixers tank is doing victory laps right now thank you .
i 've been laughing my ass off for 30 minutes .
if i had the extra cash i 'd give you gold .
fair enough i thought it was pretty well known .
i 'm pretty sure pbs did a whole show on the government spying a couple years after 9/11 .
i guess that i should just look at snowden as at least he made more people aware of it .
her and i have been trying to work work together on this thing but we have our days where we ca n't even talk .
the lady wants sole custody that 's why i 'm worried i 'll get screwed .
thought you were op and was trying to figure out how you finished 25 episodes in 3 hours .
i 'm going to have to agree and disagree with you .
i say smurves and i say milves because of wolves and the elves .
my book from the local library is an old one that 's why it has a section on it .
measure drum face to deck and the adjust the blades .
it can also kick ass as a sword but the bow can deal so much damage .
i use the sword to create space in pvp then use the bow to follow up .
tear the bear 's intestines out and eat it like a gogurt on the ride home .
morgana 's target still takes damage from things and the shield can be easily bursted .
i do n't think tahm counts as a commitment because he literally presses w saves them puts them out after cds are down and they shred people .
all the little tube thing with the 2 tiny wires sticking out the end are relays .
the 2 small wires sticking out the ends are the coil of the relay .
it is very difficult to tell what is going on but from the looks of things i would venture to say that it is not safe .
at a minimum it should all be enclosed with a cover and no exposed wire nuts or exposed individual wires .
unfortunately i ca n't tell from the photo the voltage of the control wiring .
the small wires connected to the relays if that is more than 30 volts it should n't be on that small wiring run throughout your home .
do you light switches have that tiny wiring hooked to them ?
this is type of panel is typically used to control lighting
actually no because they drop down from a ledge above all at the same time .
have you even played that part of the game ?
congress defines mass shootings as those involving 3 or more deaths ...
as stated before one more bottle is an exception for me when it comes to that genre of their songs .
it 's just got some type of perfection to it .
my favorite creamy banana flavor is without a doubt has to be nana custard '' by tbd liquids !
if you like those type of flavors you really owe it to yourself to give it a shot .
my first accident i got t-boned and flipped upside down and when i crawled out the first thing i made sure was that nobody was hurt because it was in a neighborhood and i saw a lot of people around .
everything turns itself off permanently if you wash it long and deep enough .
maybe her parents should have tried it with her .
gravis marketing has c rating so do n't take it seriously .
btw we can take nevada ... in 2008 obama won nevada even though he lost popular vote by 5 points losing 38 points among latinos .
we are doing better compared to obama among latinos 10-15 points behind
winning nevada will destroy the bernie won iowa and nh because of white progressives '' narrative .
so even we lose south carolina we can enter super tuesday head to head
i had never conosdered that resoultion tip thanks a lot !
also i fully understand that because this game is in alpha that things could change drastically changing performance which was why i decided to ask here because others have more experience with alpha games than myself .
thanks a lot for your reply and i will gladly bump down my resolution if it means a big performance boost .
the four days thing is n't working for me .
there 's no guarantee they wo n't experience it again .
i had an aunt and uncle who broke up after 50 years .
i know 2 people who have had children die .
actually far more than that i suppose since i work with the elderly .
there was one woman who thought the sun rose and set on her son .
he died of a heart attack during her convalescence .
there 's no end to grief i hate to say .
in fact from what i can see it comes faster and faster as you age .
i really like this watch but i 'm currently torn between this or a pelagos for my next buy .
i love the fact that this is the first in-house movement and i do n't think you can get a power reserve at this price anywhere else but i also really love the pelagos .
tudor has added the whole pelagos chronometer officially certified '' and i think it makes the face too busy now .
i get that it is now impressive that it 's officially certified but i think it could be written on the back and the face could be kept more simple .
president barack obama opened the new year by touting the accomplishments of his presidency
as the years go by he 'll regard his own presidency the same way a fisherman 's fish gets bigger each time he tells the story .
do you have keane 's ign to compare it to tinker .
kfo is different from tinker but may still be tinker .
mirotic ai n't as automatic from three as pau is from the mid-range though
that seems like a solid name to go with of your two backups .
sounds like a guy that would be 25 and get his high school girlfriend pregnant .
we ca n't be back to back world series champs this year .
your submission has been automatically removed because your account does not meet our minimum karma requirement https www.reddit.com/wiki/faq wiki_what_is_that_number_next_to_usernames.3f_and_what_is_karma.3f .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofcsgo if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd first have to say i have no idea how to fix it .
but since you asked i have a couple ideas .
first bring back middle-class blue-collar jobs back to baltimore .
a little stability goes a long way for a family .
start a serious mentoring program/after school programs for kids .
every single school should have free before and aftercare for kids .
yeah it 's expensive and yeah it 'll be abused but i 'd rather have kids with a responsible adult doing a productive activity music art sports technology scouts etc than going home to the hood with an empty fridge and no parent around .
maybe have students from the local hbc morgan state in baltimore for example do internship hours there so kids see educated responsible young black adults .
give families the option for free public boarding school .
schools like seed all boys boarding school fill up super fast every year and the kids there usually do really well .
fix dilapidated houses clean up the neighborhood volunteer in a soup kitchen .
finally acknowledge the fact that it 'll take years maybe a couple generations to make some headway on the problem .
it 's going to take lots of politicians passing the torch and keeping the course to continue .
unfortunately our political system is n't set up to really help a long-term systemic problem that needs so much more than a quick fix .
i 've never been on a date with anyone who had ever heard of it .
it 's not spectacularly well known amongst 20-something women especially since it went off the air 16 years ago .
mind chiming in some advice for a recent bsc .
nearing 4 months and i still have n't had much luck other than a few interviews .
during my ug i volunteered a lot in academic labs and did a capstone project but other than that i do n't have experience outside of academia .
so on my related experience '' section of my resume i 've just ordered those chronologically .
as for actual paid work i 've done a lot of self-employed it work and private tutoring but that 's not really relevant to analytical chemistry so i 've always listed that at the bottom of the section even though they 're my most recent jobs that actually paid money .
i have tried networking contacting my peers and mentors from ug but no luck for any entry-level jobs .
all of the listings in my city toronto all have masters or phd listed as a requirement .
at this point i 've ended up volunteering back in my lab where i did my ug capstone project and i 've been mostly subsisting on my it work to put me through living .
it does n't really matter what kind of difficulty you call it .
do you think the m3 could handle everything i 'm asking for ?
london 's 4,000 boris bikes cost taxpayers £1,400 for each bicycle every year despite sponsorship from barclays bankwankers
fe has learnt that the operators are going to oppose any such move in their responses to the consultation paper on the subject the last date for which has now been extended till january 7 by the telecom regulatory authority of india .
the other aspect which the operators are going to highlight is that differential data tariff is allowed in several other countries like singapore malaysia hong kong bangladesh and thailand .
in fact singapores largest mobile operator singtel offers a data package for facebook which does not allow voice and video calling .
the second model proposes that content providers reimburse the cost of browsing or download to the customers directly irrespective of which mobile operator they have used to visit the website .
in response to these two models suggested by the regulator the industry is going to say that one where content providers directly reimburse the consumers for visiting their site only helps those who are connected it does not bring the unconnected on to the net .
do n't blame towers for poor service says trai http timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/india-business/dont-blame-towers-for-poor-service-says-trai/articleshow/50347822.cms
and for some reason it has only occurred when i come back .
like the pb timer does n't start until i log in again ?
looks weird up close but fine from a distance .
was about to write this before i saw your post .
a lot of awesome new 7 maps came out this year .
im sure there were a lot more nice maps but i ca n't remember every single one d
i 've always done it separately or just pulled audio so ... looks like there 's some good tutorials posted further down the thread though .
next time pay no heed to anything but how awesome you look .
haha bro this will totally be funny at one point ! ''
i wish every time guys pulled this crap the girl they were bothering would turn into there mother .
i 'm a coffee trader and can attest to this ...
but it 's cyclical and farmers will pull back on production eventually .
i also have played since dreamcast ... 17 years .
but i 'm considering quitting buying this game every year all-together because it 's unplayable now .
on the bright side we still get to say we 're undefeated in bcs games since they dissolved the system .
would n't it seem more likely that they planted the key knowing the police would eventually come and search the compound again ?
possibly ... . but because manitowoc sherrif 's dept officers could n't keep their big nose out of things despite calumet county 's assurances that they would not be a part of it other than to lend physical resources suspicion will always fall on colburn and lenk .
there 's a list of reasons that you can choose for the return .
if you end up choosing a reason that 's due to preference then they 'll give you a return label at their reduced rate but it will come out of the total amount that is credited to you .
i straight up struggle with my brows they 're two totally opposite shapes like one is totally straight and the other has an arch and on top of that the straight one is physically lower .
i have to do a lot to make them look even and then i feel like one looks like too much so i have to add more to the other one out and it 's a viscous cycle !
learning about the mound-builders and the myths that surrounded them tore down my already battered shelf .
here is a quick read about the mound-builder myth and the 2nd the latter wink is about mound builders in relationship to mormons and mastadons for those interested .
btw i 'm not an archaeologist but i 've taken several graduate level classes on na archaeology if anybody is interested in that kind of thing
i thought you just had to have those double kick drum thingy
it was art camp and i swear to god art camps are freakier than band camps .
that game still gives me night sweats that sweeping them would surely help relinquish
hillary claims isis has been using videos of trump past tense
hillary fabricates and edits a video from 2013 from al-sabaab and tries to use that as ammo
even though it 's not isis and it 's a fucking fake
does anyone else want to have a guess for how long mum can behave like a human ?
if anything is incorrect please contact the mods message/compose ? to 2fr 2fguessthemovie subject=bot 20error !
let 's bring out the dark magic and get ourselves a week 1 blizzard .
i 've been doing the same for my depression and anxiety .
i live only 15 minutes from the city so i like to take a train and just sit in central park during the summer
when sa were really good we did n't get to see much of them and now nz are good and we do n't get to see them for a long time..
seriously i would take nz vs aus series rather than watching the super one-sided ashes.. or headnumbing ind vs sl series..
you tell me your favorite book and i 'll consider reading it .
but if they were trying to hide the body of someone they loved ...
it 's impractical for most people to hunt down veganic '' produce though it does exist .
i have applied for an allotment in an attempt to minimise my impact but there is no way i 'll be able to grow all or even most of what i eat with that amount of land .
imo the most significant drawback to non-organic farming compared to organic farming is how it causes over-abundance of pondweed in nearby natural ponds .
as others have said you need to request to open a new account and either close the old account or remove yourself as joint on that account if possible .
some credit unions will allow you to just remove yourself as long as the balance is not negative .
in the future remember that when you add someone as a joint account holder you also provide them with authorization to access your money and treat it as their own .
if they want to withdraw your money they can .
if they want to spend it elsewhere they can .
that life when you were 5 points from the gi unit made me sad though .
good guy doing bad things and bad guys doing good things .
hemorrhoids are usually painless maybe a little bit of discomfort .
micro tear is no big deal it 's sentitive tissue but it heals quickly in healthy individuals .
unless there is pain or swelling or a considerable amount of blood you probably do n't need to worry .
get some preperation h you can get it at a drug store and apply it to your butthole follow the instructions see if it gets better .
make an appointment if it gets worse or there are significant changes .
https github.com/lachesis/scallion is the program i 'm using the windows exe
http pastebin.com/x9mwquct explains how to do it securely with someone else generating the hashes
true but the code works for all the monitors in the link so some of them become very very good deals with 30 off which is all of nothing because the code is for 30 off .
i love that game even though i have n't gotten too far through it yet .
i always end up leaving it for a bit then do n't get round to playing again .
i 'll put it at the top of my play through my steam library '' queue .
thanks for the suggestion could be an interesting way of showing a very different take on video games !
people ca n't seem to accept there are some unknowns in a story and force their own bullshit into the gap
also they should have mandatory free classes on money management when they accept the load
a bit unrelated but i believe the rams do that as well with all their draft picks .
very smart move if you ask me more teams should do that .
i like bill burr but his comedy is shitty about women .
according to kourinn 's testing they already doubled tank aggro generation .
if they want warrior and berserker tanks to be viable they need to let them do brawler and post-buff lancer tier damage .
but since i ca n't find my tarte mascara i could throw in the rising star instead !
sounds like he was trying to see if he could be part of your group without being noticed .
i think that anohana was fine up until the last episode .
the tear-beards were ridiculous though and i 'm not going to take it seriously when the entire first half of the last episode was s literally everyone crying '' .
just hung out with them for like 2 hours .
not a day goes by without us telling each other we love each other and that we love 'us ' .
still wake up everyday watching my husband and thinking i 'm so in love with you !
i mean with the low bar of the prequels i 'd say there are several better scenes than that .
hell the entire first act of revenge of the sith minus the puke-inducing padme-anakin scenes are a crapton better .
people who defend the prequels these days were probably five during the films ' release and probably have n't seen them recently .
whether you turn off your brain to enjoy the pretty lightshow or you laugh ironically at all the bad acting cinematography and cgi it 's just hard to get into .
the most positive comment i can make is that phantom menace is the least obnoxious of the three .
yes despite all the jar-jar and jake lloyd 's wooden acting .
also you 're comparing one intentionally whiny scene with three entire films ' worth of bad acting .
i 've seen internships that will put you up for a clearance .
basically the offer of the internship is dependent on the interim clearance coming through in time instead of being conditional on your final clearance coming through if you 're lucky the place will try to find something unclassified for you to do instead if the interim does n't come through .
if you 've ever wonder about all that jobs that wo n't hire you unless you already have a clearance ... well this is what enables that to be a realistic hiring requirement .
they expect people to get clearances doing internships while they 're in school .
and the feds do not care about state laws about pot for purposes of clearances .
their stance has been to dig in their heels and just insist that it 's illegal and it does n't matter what the states say .
an individual investigator and/or adjudicator might take it into consideration when deciding whether your past marijuana use is an issue but i would n't go into the process depending on it was legal in the state i smoked it in '' to get you your clearance .
google trends is based on search data and that 's what pypl uses see their faq http pypl.github.io/pypl.html accordion on the bottom of the page .
i think stackoverflow is probably a little more general since people might ask questions and answer based on knowledge of private projects .
in both cases you probably need to consider the history of the site too github was written in ruby and had a lot of early ruby users stackoverflow was written in c and had a lot of early c users i 'd take numbers for those languages in their respective strongholds with a grain of salt .
i 've looked up reviews on it before sticking with it .
there 's a reason xilence made three revisions of that series and i got a rev 3 unit .
just show him hbos greatest hits that should catch him up
how do i make sure i 'll never have to deal with one of those ?
since i live near sea mangrove and swamp i think its reasonable to get this team
somehow you got ta do something about those white boxes .
i have always thought a dark background with light lettering was easier to read .
you gon na get somebody stupid killed with your troll advice bro .
i crushed the shit out of my tailbone 4 years ago when the carpet at the top of the steps came off and i hit every step on the way down .
to this day ... i ca n't sit more than an hour without standing up .
it 's like it gets compressed and then when i stand up it literally has to decompress and sometimes it takes me a minute or two just to get up ... the pain ! !
tailbones are something that ca n't really be fixed and they sometimes hurt forever
i will pretend to forget how he 'll turn into a baby seal rapist
we meet twice a month we have been getting younger guys joining new blood help bring the lodge up to date .
its like any family some are a little stuck in the past others are kool with trying new things .
that is not a benefit due to the massive skill difference .
and what is stopping it from transferring it elsewhere ?
i am just pointing out that it was alive even after we destroyed both its body and its mind and thus it is not impossible that it would have moved on to another host after trahearne .
what a crazy idea unless you moved aeynolds to 6 or something .
i think he 's best to be paired with a young kid for sure at his age but i think its better to go for someone who needs work .
like i 'd say the tigers would be in heaven with him and brooks or moses .
cronk at dragons with widdop would be cool but i think it does n't help anyone that much other than some wins
but stand alone ones i get really bored with a 20 part series .
the only one i have enjoyed of late is the one about the problem patient joe .
i did n't have an initial attraction to her at first .
my first impression of her was that she was rather loud and kind of a bitch .
she was very secretive about herself and then one day she opened up just a tiny bit to me .
i was only trying to make small talk and she deflected everything .
i 'm not sure if i felt bad for her or what since it was a personal matter that i guess would n't come up in regular conversation .
i just wanted to know her a little bit .
eventually we were on the topic of her hair and she showed me a picture of her with long hair and crushing away .
it 's weird because i had no crush at all then she tells me one tiny thing shows me a picture and i want to take her out for a drink .
i do n't know a lot about her but i really would love to know more or at the very least get to know her better .
i invite her out to things we do with friends from work so she does n't get overwhelmed one on one with me but she always declines .
there are tons of cafés in my country where people can drink 10 glasses of real beer like this http www.trollekelder.be/cafe/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/duvel.jpg .
i once knew of a guy who drank 15 of those beers after work daily .
anyway like most discussions the thing you 're discussing really depends on numerous things..
true reset removes everything exceptions murder run complete reset took place door in snowdin opened .
if your game had crashed in a way that screwed anything up flowey would n't have made that comment .
the driver in front of cammer was also camping the left lane
in my country if i stay in the right lane and i 'm going faster than a camper in the passing lane i can drive by him/her its legal .
it has risen on hype and increased demand so it will tail off and the price will decrease as investors start selling off at increased price which dumps extra supply on the market .
trusting companies to do the right thing isnt always a good idea .
it 's also a testament of how easy of a fortnight perona really is
i did n't know him but we had mutual friends .
it has n't been in the news as far as i know .
i found out about it through the gofundme page and through the mutual friends .
i know the place he was at it was n't dodgy at all mostly outdoor seating etc .
this is so hilarious.. cats always have the look that says i 'm in control of this .
1sec is definitely too short to acquire the nebulosities regardless of the iso settings you just do n't capture much photons
'for science ' i 've just processed a single 600sec f/5.6 800 iso sub i had on hand http i.imgur.com/61dv7bv.jpg
without surprise this gives much more details as well as much more noise than a huge series of short lights .
what you might try is finding a sweet spot where your stars just start trailing a bit and see how much additional data it 'll bring .
yuk jidam stayed up all night https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ylqw-mud2rm
yuk jidam on on ft. baek yerin 15 https youtu.be/m9rvl4ahwsi
heize me myself and i ft. jessi wheesung https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=jojxvly1l6s
truedy if it was n't for music ft cheetah verbal jint https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=dl0gbzx7f9y
yubin who am i ft. jo hyun-a urban zakapa https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=glt7xws6ziq
moon sua who am i ft. suhyun akmu https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=uehmcv6xldu
truedy pride ft. gummy mnet did n't even upload this in studio quality lol
park boram the zoo original by hyehwadong 혜화동 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=7_mnee3y96a
sojin girl 's day everyday with you original by 들국화 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=2t-fmnu-c_y
jo jung hyun even loved that pain https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ryqkngbegv0
december i can only give you love 네게 줄수 있는건 오직 사랑뿐 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=_ugprk 2xo
that is the exact face i make when i am around people i do n't like .
they 're not stealing '' content they 're copying it .
and it 's not only working but venture capital investors believe it 's viable .
so many comments about a dog but all i see is op and his wife .
i love it when you recognize someone who plays league because he 's accustomed to using swear words in a way that passes the filter in-game lol
drake did n't have the best verse on versace remix tho
netflix has been pumping out some great shows lately but honestly it 's going to be so hard watching and empathising with a guy who loves chemicals so much he might aswell be walter white .
hey u/bakkern your post is removed due to the use of excessive capital letters .
https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/belkin criticism that 's the company you are dealing with .
i achieved 2015 that i 've developed my music production skills .
i am also pretty happy with my new songs because i became a lot better in composing as well .
for 2016 i hope to get some listeners for my music .
i also want to improve my production skills in the last year i was happy after finishing a track and so i put it online .
after one week or so i took it offline because i was unhappy with it that 's why i 've finished only a small number of tracks .
i also want to improve my constancy related to producing music .
i have phases where i get so much done and then i have phases where i push random buttons and only crap comes out .
i 'm excited to drop pandora one after years and years of paying for it as you make spotify sound so much better !
i do know that kishi does n't rule over everything naruto with an iron fist and that he had a publisher though i did not know their name .
but he is still the original holder of the ip although it is probably shared with shueisha .
nevertheless the original holder of the ip often gets the last say in a matter if it is required .
but with an ip as big as naruto kishi problably has a few people he has absolute faith in to handle these things .
if publishers go against the original authors work they can sue them for desecrating/detroying/misrepresenting it .
hahahaha the entire last 20 minutes of the movies is hill on a major trip before he get dethroned
i am clearly here because either i do n't know what to do or i do and i ca n't bring myself to do it .
making me look forward even more to the next v40 .
i happen to think that unless the motors are bad or critical parts mechanically damaged it is not worth returning and all the hassle when there are lots of reasons to tear it down and fix some stuff anyway .
he 's a tall white guy who kind of shoot the only thing sets him apart is that he 's reasonably athletic tall white guy .
it 's a gamble to trade him and it 's a gamble to not to trade him .
personally i do n't ever see him becoming the next nowitzki or sabonis .
i see him being what everyone thought jan vesely could of been .
i hate kids or anyone for that matter that torment animals .
he will still have euro truck sim 2 jc3 and there are also singleplayer games coming out .
dude if i uploaded my body cam shit to google i would be so fucked .
we are n't even supposed to watch each others vids ... though we do ... because one of the advantages of having those cams is getting to re-watch ridiculous shit with your squadmates .
we could always just all travel to singapore together and trash boycott gumi hq .
walcott 's passes are great example of the rain affecting the ball 's spin .
my immediate fixes to lunara increase move speed of wisp remove lvl 4 talent increase base range make lvl 20 z talent a base feature increase hp to be on par with other heroes she 's half beast and somehow has less hp than nova .
it 's slow but it moves a lot of air .
i built a reprap and it was ... ok .
i got tired of fixing and upgrading it so i bought a stratasys printer from a scrap place and fixed it .
now i am printing my own legos ... just 36 mins per block .
but he had a show literally called kids say the darndest things
a lot of people had shows like that..jerry from subway did n't even have a show like that and he ended up being convicted of far worse crimes involving children..
and are you planning on buying all of these in the us or in another country ?
i think you 're stretching the meaning of the analysis '' flair just a bit .
any less and you should n't be playing the landlord game .
to be fair life itself tends to get incredibly stressful you just got ta find ways to deal with it
awesome thank you so much for the info going to head out next weekend for some supplies !
i usually here it when i have a carepackage out always assumed it meant someone hacked it
you would no longer be able to stand on top of trees you would just sink through .
he 's just a regular guy he dunno why all the fuss about him .
foul odiferous smell that permeates the walls everywhere i walk .
i loved the flow of everything and the descriptions were vivid but not too much .
they use other polls however to show that his chances of winning the primaries are pretty low .
its not the polls that make his chances of the primary low .
unless bernie can magically make blacks and hispanics as a whole change their entire way of thinking within the next six weeks he has no shot in the primaries .
i 've been posting since july trying to tell people this and i guess it 's not long now til people see for themselves .
it 's a little odd that the host did n't open that shortcut though do n't you think ?
they 're in refugee camps in neighboring nations like turkey .
those experiencing the war zones are still in cities like aleppo or douma .
these cities have experienced a tremendous decrease in their populations .
i think the people in south syria are trapped since the borders are closed .
those people are basically screwed until they can get out .
your post was removed because it uses the text box .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=did the ussr use secret weapon against china ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i ... . really should have tried harder to find another way .
it was the best shot i could see in the heat of the moment but i should not have just gone with it .
hey we 're a basketball school now and i do n't really know how to do this .
i do n't think an undocumented uneducated migrant could ever take my job .
sorry if yours is the kind that can be done by anyone .
unless there 's money involved or krillin or her daughter are being attacked in front of him she wo n't .
hey totana12 unfortunately your submission has been removed because it was a link to a video hosting site probably youtube itself .
if you 're trying to share a video you should stop by r/videos instead .
r/youtube is for discussing youtube as a whole its features bugs design trends and so on .
if you think your video fits that please send us a message https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fyoutube subject=please+approve+my+video. message 5blink+to+my+post 5d 28https www.reddit.com/r/youtube/comments/3z5gx3/how_to_create_light_burst_text_effect_in_photoshop 29 so that we can take a look !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youtube if you have any questions or concerns .
this year he got on roids and started shaving his body for the ladies .
this is a tad off topic because it 's not her but her beautiful jaw line and luscious lips remind me of another one heidi waters .
even if she 's not similar i still figure you 'd appreciate her ability to deep throat .
we use wristbands and only allow brothers to give 2 or 3 of them to guests
if you report it the odds are that you will have to testify .
he will lose his job and there is a good chance he will end up with prison time .
there is definitely a chance that he will try to do this to another young girl maybe he already has or is in the process of doing it right now i do n't know and it 's not my place to accuse him .
i 'm not going to try to tell you what to do you are in a very difficult situation .
i think that what he did should be reported though .
he was in a position of trust and he betrayed that with someone who was far too young which was illegal .
i hope that whatever decision you make it 's the best for you and your future/conscience .
yeah i absolutely do n't want to lose the feeling i have .
cant believe it 's rng that i 'd get nothing across all three characters .
i was offering support to another aspiring dev there with hieroglyphika .
my own game is a bit further back in my shilling post history .
that 's a one stop shop for all most base camp needs .
you do have to go somewhere else for smithing but everything else is covered .
have people made some dumb resolutions that will be dropped in a week not to waste time here ?
haleakala is out too many people plus a 2am wake-up call .
knowing that we 'll be seeing nightly badass sunsets is reassuring .
does n't necessarily have to be done on a schedule then .
you know why should i or any other citizen of this great country be forced to watch babies feeding in public ?
and when i say that i emphasize that it 's not about the feeding itself but the manner in which it is done .
breastfeeding in general does n't bother me at all i consider it quite normal .
however breastfeeding in public infuriates me because it means women have to bear their chest and nipples to do it and that causes a distraction and sets a bad example for people and especially small children .
we ca n't have that we just ca n't the new hampshire rep. said .
he added see the equivalent of that would be if every single man who is sexually aroused by a female walking by would be allowed to take his pants and underwear off and show his erection to his potential mate .
imagine hordes of men in the streets getting naked and walking around with erections exposing themselves to small children .
we have a name for people who do those things and it 's sexual predators .
we put people in jail for doing that for christ 's sake.
because waving an erect penis in a mating display is exactly the same as feeding a baby .
i bet im not maximizing my time on destiny .
i 'm at light level 280 with goals to get to 310 .
do you head to tower to load up on bounties then head to the daily heroic ?
do you do something different on wednesdays or any other day ?
do you do the same thing on each of your three characters ?
to the time where i need to renew my odd health card and drivers license one of the required documents is something to prove i 'm an ontario resident .
however i 'm a student so i do n't know what to give .
woke up this morning to see this http imgur.com/riyw9ch shared by nmom who i went to minimal contact with about 6 months ago .
i do n't know what possessed me to stay friends with her on fb but waking up to that made me so angry .
i tried to go completely no contact when my sister became very mentally ill and nmom would show up at my job unannounced drive over to my house and walk in etc .
to see her saying that this is ok just really made me want to comment about what a joke it is so her little cult of followers can see how messed up she is .
as a virtuous wife does it include tolerating his cousin enduring his concubines bearing his mother ?
if you will not let me live freely why would i let you live in satisfaction ?
did fate let women time-travel so she could learn the three morals and four virtues ?
rather than act like a coward and live it would be better to live in satisfaction and die .
translator comments the first chapter is very heavy in terms of untranslated terms having the glossary open in another window or device apparently helps .
the great majority of them are used100 times throughout the story which was why i decided to keep them .
i broke my 4 iron the other day and it 's the 4th breakage not the same club in a year and a half .
just picked up bg ee and need some help making a druid .
i got an ability roll of 95 but have no idea where i should be allocating my skills .
or how to plan my build as a i level up .
i deleted my main after acension 1 regret it now i 'm starting over and i want my stuff back !
i feel naked without my un-aam anyone want to level up with me ?
it 's one of my favorite books and i know it gets used for certain military training courses so i 'm just wondering if any ucsd classes use it .
it would probably have to be a lit class though i could see it potentially having some relevance in some psych or maybe even child development classes or something .
how easy is it to sell one of these ?
i 've read that に can mean that a person is at a location permanently .
whereas で can mean that a person is temporarily at a location .
and yes she choosed me to have her first time with .
but i think your first time should be more romantical because actually we had sex like it 's not your first time .
i 've never played arena before really and do n't know how to play a deck like this but it looks sorta like constructed .
i 'll be in frankfurt for a day starting on january 13th .
looking for someone that loves their city and would n't mind showing me around and having dinner later .
perhaps you can help me with my german as well d. i love table top games card games science books history and music but like to talk about any and everything .
i am a huge tom boy and hippy and have wanted dreads all my life .
my dream would be to grow my dreads past my butt .
loving the process but feeling very lost and uncertain about how they will turn out .
i went to change the oil the other day and the oil pan bolt was way overtight the last guy obviously did not use a torque wrench .
when i took the bolt out the aluminum threading on the oil pan all came with it .
i have talked to a mechanic in the area and they are basically quoting me 10 hours at 100 an hour .
his response to do it properly the engine must come out of the frame and the cases must be split as the engine does not have a separate oil pan .
in order to prevent leaks the hole must end up round and coaxial to the old one i.e normal to the sealing surface .
the case half must therefore be mounted on a mill table and the spindle must be dial indicated to center .
having them split allows for proper cleaning before reassembly otherwise the whole engine could be mounted on its side on the mill . ''
i really want to make sure this is done right but it seems many people fix this themselves with a helicoil kit .
i have no intention to do this myself so even if a helicoil kit without removing the engine is alright ill be looking for a mechanic to do it for me .
edit bad title the pan is stripped not the bolt .
i am building an arcane archer and want to make her acid arrows do more damage .
i have one piece of equipment that add 43 to acid spells and my arrows are indeed doing more damage .
however can i put another piece of equipment on that adds 30 and will it add up to 73 or will only the 43 be applicable like other equipment bonuses ?
so i recently started a new youtube channel and this was the only youtube seo guide i found which was a bit related to music
i just got ion shot thinking about how easier it would be to defeat those at-sts in supremacy .
and if it is n't is the explosive shot more useful in general ?
i will be at fubar airsoft in taunton mass if you want to pick up today only .
i will be there until around 4 or 5 i think prices negotiable and less because no shipping in person .
i 'd really prefer cash for these as i have two rifles that see limited use as it is .
feel free to offer a different price than listed only trade i 'd seriously consider would be a vfc scar-h .
i personally took it down cleaned it adjusted motor height and shimmed it .
there 's some little white spots on the right side of the rifle nothing serious just a little blemish .
i can take pictures if anyone wants it 's not super noticeable .
the battery died while i was away somehow but i can include one of my batteries i use for my other primaries for 20 basically i do n't want to include a battery but if you need one ...
this was acquired in a trade for my kwa mkii never really used it .
i loaned it to a friend for one day of gaming he loved it .
i do n't like the magazines and it i did n't spend anytime upgrading it beyond cleaning it up .
just looking to get rid of it because it caters more to beginners and this is a good beginner package .
if you want a battery they are easy to grab off of hobbyking.com along with a charger .
the price of the gun new but you get 4 mags a triple mag pouch and free shipping .
three non-leaky non-jamming magazines included worth their weight in gold haha
one non leaky non jamming magazine with a follower that wo n't lock down just a little harder to load
triple mag pouch custom tailored by your truly described below
it 's a great little smg scares the shit out of some people in cqb .
it shoots great a little hard at around 335ish fps with .25 's .
the cqb bolt or dangerwerx valve can bring that down though .
of course the rof is menacing and the slight recoil is much more interesting than an aeg .
i am asking 280 and we 'll discuss shipping .
all the links are the same besides the shooting videos .
i 'm also a nice person so i think my post is ok .
i sometimes love crap games and try to play them .
after some test-videos we 've decided to make a bit of a series of our funny lol-moments to share with you guys d it 's in dutch tho so you can watch it if you 're not from holland but i doubt you 'll understand.. hèhè .
is it just me or should blizz make something similar to the masterpiece brd ?
im not saying it should look the same but it should be equally as large not going in a straight line like all the dungeons today .
i miss the feeling of adventure when you wasnt really sure what was behind the next corner a dungeon so huge it had 15 bosses however there should be one last boss but you should be able to choose what route you want to take to get to it .
and also they sould make it so that there is atleast one boss like gahz'rilla from zul'farrak im not saying it should be a large hydra but you would have to do a quest to get an item to summon it like u used to there are to few of these encounters these days blizz often removes the old attunes and required items to summon bosses .
soundcloud removed my mixes youtube muted it despite all tracks being free most of which were remixes .
i just resumed a game in which i had spent a good deal of time melting snow/boiling water and repairing clothes assuming that maybe just maybe exiting a building would trigger a save like it does in a lot of other games .
i come back and the save was well before that and now i have to redo all that mess .
and perhaps a suggestion could we please get a save game '' button so we 're not left in the long dark ?
i 'm a 21m and she is a 20f both of us in third year of university .
we have met a few times through a mutual friend but we were both drunk each time and i do n't really remember much about the interactions .
near the end of this past term i texted her asking if she wanted to go out before the term ended .
she said although she would love too she had too much work to do with finals coming up and said we should postpone till the start of next term .
we live about 20min away back home near a major city so i was thinking about seeing if she would want to go out before heading back for second term .
should i do this or just wait until we get back to school ?
i 'm looking at new cars/cpos and love the tts .
i 've been on the fence about a cpo m3 vs waiting for the m2 vs getting a 2015 tts as the 0-60 and interior are really what i 'm looking for not so much a track car .
while it already has brilliant performance i 've tinkered with the thought of using a unitronic ecu to increase it slightly would probably only shoot for stage 1 .
i however have not been able to find any literature about this modification voiding the factory/cpo warranty .
my clan today was raided while most of the members were offline .
we had a massive compound with three or four serious loot rooms with airlock doors and trapdoors everywhere about seven armored rooms leading to the room with three concrete high walls around them a sniper tower and two high outer walls .
granted the opponent had like 60 c4 normal server no exaggeration but still there are a few designs we did n't try .
we have n't built them but i think we should this next base .
what are some of the best base designs you 've seen ?
how likely is it for a clan to make 60 or 80 c4 plus like 120 rockets in a month cycle server without it being cheating or duping ?
yo i 'm level 65 and i 'm having a bit of trouble with the living failures on my eileen build if someone could help that 'd be cool
i 've been trying to play on multiple servers tonight and whenever a server gets near full capacity it will begin to lag then crash .
players fill a new server and the process repeats .
tl dr heater core in truck went bad can not afford a new one yet .
will the 350 watts be enough to make the resisitor heater coil sufficiently warm the inside of the vehicle ?
edit 1 i was given the 350 watt inverter by a friend of mine and it would be more cost effective to just buy a new heater core for my truck than to buy a bigger inverter lol
hi guys i have a dual citizenship aus and eur with european passport .
i have been trying to find work in the graphic design industry for a few years now with no luck .
ultimately id like to hear from people that have found work in england and what their experience was .
i have been to london before and i was blown away by the amount of opportunities that were available just not sure how competitive it is .
hey guys as said in the title i 'm looking for a blue gem ak preferably in ft/mw .
b/o up to 200 keys for a really nice blue gem .
here is what i 'm looking forward to the most
that 's a little of what i 'm expecting ... you guys ?
i 've been playing legends of the jedi lately and i was wondering if there are any other muds like this with a healthy mix of roleplaying and mechanics ?
mechanics for when there 's no one about and you just want to play and roleplaying for the rest of the time pretty much .
the only ones i really know of are the iron realms muds and i 'm not interested in them for obvious reasons .
hi all just a question about the 1.3 update .
the last time i played terraria was in 2011 which i spent 92 hours on making my own base etc .
with the introduction of the newer biomes i do n't think they 've been generated on my map my map is small world i believe .
do i have to generate a new world to experience these things or have i just not looked hard enough ?
edit cut my base into a 1.3 map pretty much seamlessly using tedit .
my brother let me borrow his ps4 over the weekend and i 've been playing tons of zombies .
i know how to do everything so i 'm looking for people who also know how to do everything to play with as i 'm sick of being matched with low levels who pick up and lose items constantly .
do you still get more frequent heavy ammo drops with it ?
selling a really good looking ak fire serpent ww for 62 keys with 2014 kato vox stickers
float is close to ft its .385 ft starts at .38 http csgo.exchange/item/34407366
i dunno what alterations i should make to ease the difficulty of his weak forme ? ?
as stated in the title i 'm looking for max cash and donuts .
if it is possible i would love a bunch of squidport tiles as well .
i 'm a level 59 player with no donuts in over 60 days .
hey peeps ive got a ft ak case hardened with a blue booty almost entirely blue barrel and a half blue whatever the fuck the mid section is called lmao
tbh i have no clue what to price this at so if the price is high af just tell me and remember my b/o is not firm
here 's http 45.media.tumblr.com/2fc9ea1083f6420783589d764a10125e/tumblr_nj6880reoo1sfkfqio1_500.gif an image from the start of the scene and here 's http 49.media.tumblr.com/0e5ed62cbf796fca771edfc426ef9b1c/tumblr_nj6880reoo1sfkfqio7_500.gif a clip from the end .
the whole gallery is in this tumblr post http get-you-wet.tumblr.com/post/130599689055 but honestly you 'll either recognize it or not right away .
i see there 's 2 cylinders on either side of the window and a latch in the middle .
however i cant figure out how i can open it..
video of issue can be found here https youtu.be/so3_zaryyy8 ? t=1m18s .
that 's due to youtube compression as it was not doing that while capturing .
basically my character is staring at the joystick when in normal flight mode .
when the home key is pushed to switch hud views he finally looks up in the proper area but of course i 'm unable to fly at that point .
user folder is n't a problem as i uninstalled and deleted everything before downloading and installing the newest version of sc .
this issue occurs with any ship i have in my hangar .
also i tried again tonight to make the sure the issue was consistent .
also worth noting while in free look mode it constantly directs me to look down when i stop moving the sights with my cursor much like a joystick is being held down on a controller .
anyone else experiencing this or have any ideas on how i might go about solving this ?
also my video shows other bugs menu selection being a pain rented or purchased items not showing up at all etc .
this post is mainly about my hud issue as it prevents me from being able to fly period .
hey bf3 looking for someone with a mic to play with on xbox 360 .
i would love to get a good squad going .
if you can summon your weapon to you that 's cool .
having it appear out of thing air is cool but even cooler is if it flies to your hand like mjolnir or a lightsaber .
not looking at the weapon while it flies to your hand is max coolness .
big jumps are very cool in fact big jumping is definitely cooler than flying .
even internal stuff like a missing heart is cool especially if any of that stuff is replaced by something else cool like a hook laser or arc reactor .
though bonus points are definitely given for bad asses that fight you with only one arm .
very cool characters acknowledge the coolness of others and give credit where credit is due .
stuff like i guess that was okay i could do it better '' is lame .
grappling huge haymakers and smashing enemies with whatever is laying around are all cooler than kung fu .
kung fu is cool in exactly one scenario and that 's where your opponent is also using it and you 're better .
if your opponent is not also a kung fu warrior fighting that opponent with kung fu is lame .
if you 're unfamiliar with this concept just watch mulan .
kneeling before your king if the king is a good dude and not a bad guy is cooler than trying to be all tough and saying i do n't kneel before no one ! ''
doing the same tired old stuff is not cool but doing stupid weird stuff just for the sake of not doing the same tired old stuff is also not cool .
example you want to be a ranger with an animal companion .
everyone does wolf so that 's not that cool .
but saying since everyone does wolf i 'm going to do llama ! ''
a grizzled old mastiff or burly warthog is cooler .
moving stuff with your mind or powers is just so awesome .
shooting energy blasts out of your mouth or chest is way cooler than shooting them out of your eyes or hands .
feel free to elaborate provide examples or add more to the list !
i suppose you can also disagree but you 're probably wrong .
i went to break mel out of jail but couldnt hack the protectron terminal .
when i exited the police station i fast traveled to another quest marker .
when i looked back at the big dig '' mel was broken out of jail and it said i had to recruit him .
can ya 'll take a look at these pictures and see if these are real or reps ?
i replaced the crappy carvin pickups with dimarzio tonezone in bridge and bluesbreaker in neck
is there any way to get this without doing the crab heroic 100 times ?
this is crazy its hours of farming i always wondered what the 18 up ? ''
meant now i sadly know for anyone just hitting 70 and thinking of the water weapons get ready for a long task ahead .
i am working on an original score for a friend 's short film and i noticed something weird about fruity video player .
some background i 've written orchestral pieces before and i have a lot of experience with fl but this is my first time doing a score .
the problem i notice is that the position '' time value which is displayed by the video player plugin is consistently about 2 seconds behind the playlist time .
for the final result it does n't matter if everything sounds and looks right in fl i need to bounce to mp3 and it needs to sync with the video in final cut .
i 'd be grateful for any advice or explanation .
so as the title says i 'm a sophomore and i have n't been in a relationship in 2 years .
around this time last year i introduced myself to a very quiet and calm girl who 's around my age .
we started off as friends and we continually got closer and closer to each other throughout the year .
over the summer i joined my school 's marching band she was already in it but never went to the band camp so it was both of our first times .
we got closer again but still never felt any attraction to her .
around the end of september our band went to our state fair and on the walk back to our bus i suddenly realized i had feelings for her .
she felt like the perfect person to me everything we did together felt more and more special .
i felt like i found the one but i 've told no one about my feelings about her and it gets increasing hard as whenever we have a person to person conversation people think it 's hilarious to butt in and try to set me up with her and create an awkward situation between us .
tl dr talking with someone for a year wanting to be more than friends for about 5 months and i 'm paranoid it 's too late to make a move
just doing quick 2.5 gallon batch pale ale and forgot to buy some grains to steep first only have extract .
so there 's been theories going around that chara narrates the game and joins frisk as frisk falls onto the golden flowers at the start of the game .
using my newfound realization i can confirm this with one hundred percent certainty .
as evidenced in the genocide route and by toby himself chara is the embodiment of the player 's actions .
you do n't remember anything happening before frisk fell here .
you do however know of the intro cutscene and chara falling into the underground .
as you observe the game and take in the events of it that 's them .
you are n't frisk but that does n't change your control over them .
much like people theorize that chara has possessed or followed frisk from the start of the game and helped them through it .
tl dr chara is you you control frisk chara controls frisk
as a person who actively plays team builder i recently decided to use the normal queue because i didnt have a lot of time to wait .
the amount of pure hate people were vomiting at each other was insane .
the 4 wannabe mid laners were at each other 's throats from champ select wishing horrible things to each other .
one trolls the other one rages in chat and the third one stops giving a damn '' and joins the other troll .
10 minutes into the game they are racing each other to get the enemy mid laner as fed as possible while spaming all chat to report our own team for being noob '' .
at that moment i was reminded why i chose the team builder life .
i prefer to wait 10 min in queue instead of spending 20 or 30 min in a game infested by hate and frustration .
just make team builder the only way to join normal games to reduce the wait time .
the two queue options honestly feels like a completely different game .
with 1 billion citizens 80 member countries on the 6 continents representing over a third of u.n member countries and 20 of the world 's total commercial exchanges the oif is one of the largest political economical and cultural organisations along with the u.n the e.u and the commonwealth of nations .
french is spoken and learned by over 400m people worldwide and is the only language with english to be spoken natively on all 6 continents .
francophonia is also on reddit by the name r/francophonie anyone 's welcome to take advantage of the resources of one of the biggest french-speaking organisations .
come for lessons news politics culture libraries 24/7 around the world .
i want to mirror the entire site including branching folder and links just like httrack .
another vector might be using tor as an http proxy somehow .
juan carlos había nacido en la roma de mussolini en 1938 ... al morir alfonso xiii se traslada a lausanne en suiza junto a su abuela victoria eugenia en dónde permanecerá durante toda la segunda guerra mundial ... en enero de 1946 se traslada con sus padres a estoril lo más cerca posible de españa aunque a él con 8 años lo internan en los marianistas de friburgo ... cuando cumple 10 años entra en españa por primera vez el 8 de noviembre de 1948 ... apenas si habla castellano ... y está en dónde está gracias a los acuerdos que el caudillo de españa ha establecido con don juan el padre de juan carlos ...
en definitiva un 23 de julio de 1969 el nuevo principe llamado a ser el rey de españa heredero de un general insurrecto juró su cargo '' con éstas palabras estoy profundamente emocionado por la gran confianza que ha depositado en mí su excelencia el jefe del estado ... .formado en la españa del 18 de julio he conocido paso a paso las importantes realizaciones qeu se han conseguido bajo el mando magistral del generalísimo '' ... .
if you do it on your phone via google now it works but not through androidwear .
it 's interesting that the google now commands on a phone are different than the ones that can be issued on the watch .
i am keen to have my first experience but want to ensure it is the right place for me .
after the third bonfire when you climb the ladder to the platform there is a cave above with a walkable looking route just out of reach .
3 times today i had the hero i indicated i was going to pick stolen by a teammate .
i 've been playing for a long time and this was quite a rare thing to ever happen yet i 've had it happen three times today 2 of them back to back .
i had phantom assassin indicated on safe-lane both times and someone picked it ahead of me both times .
the third time i had mid indicated and the guy picked my hero and stole mid .
awp asiimov with lgb katowice 2014 on scope ! !
bo 16k firm 2k overpay for a 40€ sticker is fair imo
as last year riot send mysterygifts for all good players .
when you search for cause i 'm the gingerbread man on steam you get this as the only result http store.steampowered.com/app/338518
i know the word cause is in the description but we do n't see any of the just cause games when searching for these things do we now ?
and the sentence sounds a lot like the thing batman always says because i 'm batman !
so maybe we should look at the other batman related things like the detective comic on page 9. just suggesting things here .
edit scratch the batman thing i had never heard of that song before .
but the batman logo on holly 's chest and the detective comic on page 9 are still batman related
earlier this month where a group of friends took me to an amazing club/brothel in mexico .
there is a strip club on the first floor and a hotel on top that charges by the half hour .
you just pointed upstairs and showed them the money and they either followed or denied most just follow .
my friends slept with a few girls but i could n't do it .
just hours before i was with a ton of family some of which are young kids .
and the thought of having sex with someone who did n't give two fucks about me and just cared for the money i was giving them for 30 mins of access to their vagina seemed like a creepy and sleazy way of losing my virginity even though i do n't think that for other people doing it .
i could have had multiple curvy women at once and even though i enjoy porn at times it just felt off for me .
these were real people who might be doing this just because they were poor or have a bad situation at home .
but here 's the thing i 'm incredibly liberal and secular .
i do n't believe in abstinence and probably not even romantic love .
i am not against prostitution if its regulated correctly .
but a feeling deep down inside me prevented me from doing it even though there would have been no consequences .
anyway i do n't know if anyone has ever felt the same way .
if the thought of feeling sleazy or thoughts about your family 's judgement if they were in the same room ever prevented you from doing something that you otherwise morally agree with ...
i left his violent alcoholic father when i was 7 months pregnant and he has seen him twice .
i have remarried since and my husband adopted my son .
he drinks now with his friends nothing excessive generally twice a week he will have a pint or two of lager and a vodka shot .
he 's in college and is a good kid .
he has never shown any inclination of violence or aggression towards me or anyone else .
but smelling beer on him when he comes home brings back memories of life living with a drinker and i worry that he may become an out of control drinker .
but i 'm unsure whether this is my own paranoia surely he could n't follow behaviour patterns of a man he has seen twice in his life ?
currently i 'm selling the following pins i 'm always trying to restock so if i 'm missing a pin ur looking for check later or add me because i might get my hands on it sooner or later
i have sold so far over 30 pins without any complaints whatsoever .
my reputation is built legit every rep i have has a trade behind it no fake reps whatsoever .
steam level 82 and growing i say it 's a big matter no sane guy would invest so much in something you can not profit from and then attempt to scam .
i can provide full proof on skype live stream pictures of the pin with our conversation on the background
i`m usually up for around 18-20h so you will mostlikely get an instant response from me .
what i will not be able to do for you !
i will never go first in all of my previous sales i 've never went first .
i will not scratch the code untill the items/keys are in my inventory .
i will mostlikely try avoiding trades on tuesdays i 've had issues in the past because of the weekly maintenance and inventory are on slow mode during that time .
i will not give you the physical pin you are paying only for the in-game pin .
a i find my prices fair for several reasons actually i 've sold pins on a regular basis without any complaints .
i always have a fairly decent stock of pins since i`m also reselling .
my profile and the proof i provided on my previous trades were more than enough to seal the deal .
a friends that were with me at dhcn that do n't have the reputation and time i do gave me their pins .
q and how do you know the codes are good ?
a they are unscratched and i was personally with them when they bought them .
a if your code does n't work i either messed up a letter like o and 0 or your full of bs and activated on another account .
i will recheck the code several times to be sure i typed it well if i did then you activated it on another account .
rarely there are some steam issues such as low inventory load and that might be the issue but the code will work you just wo n't see the item in your inventory untill they resolve the issue .
a for payments in skins i require a 30 overpay in good marketable items i will not bother taking skins that are hard to trade .
a for one reason i do n't need one i 'm doing all of my sales on opskins https opsk.in/u/l86ax .
i would like to build my dad a new computer .
he mainly uses his computer for hd videos youtube facebook e-mail etc .
will he need a graphics card for hd video ?
i 've never heard of that brand but it was the cheapest i could find right now .
pcpartpicker part list http pcpartpicker.com/p/mzfzhm price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/p/mzfzhm/by_merchant
storage sandisk ssd plus 120gb 2.5 '' solid state drive http pcpartpicker.com/part/sandisk-internal-hard-drive-sdssda120gg25 purchased for 0.00
his current pc is an 8 year old pre-built dell with an old pentium 4 ... so this will be an excellent upgrade
so before you hop right in nope i 'm not a professional tf2 players and i know that but hey after you play a lot on pubs and are on tf2 since 2013 valve servers and teaching gibuses to play starts to become a bore .
so i decided to take a step up here 's the link to my video where i explain more things in depth づ｡◕‿‿◕｡ づ https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=tnwgslxmt3i
i decided to put it on reddit so it receives more attention if you 'd
like to add me on steam here 's a link http steamcommunity.com/id/lilredboy
p.s places are going fast so contact me soon if you 'd like to join !
i 've never watched star trek until recently truthfully never liked it but i realized i was drawing a blank on a huge chunk of pop culture that is basically in every tv show today .
so i want to at least try and get into it at least for the sake of general knowledge .
however i know the star trek mythology is way too complex to just get into it so i 've come here to see the experts .
would anyone care to compile a list of star trek episodes no matter which series that would work as a good intro to the star trek world ?
i asked my trekkie friend to give me a sample of the show s and he suggested
i 've watched them still not really my cup of tea but i still think i do n't have a grasp of what it is i 'm watching if that makes sense so basically i 'm looking for a more comprehensive list of episodes as an intro to star trek .
i 'm an old school player that has started back up in ed last month .
still getting used to power play stuff since it wsnt around when i took a break .
with the release of horizons i find myself in a well fit imperial cutter .
i dont play in open as i find that most games today are not about having fun but about trying to seriously piss people off .
so i stick to solo and private group play .
how would i go about ranking up with the lovely aisling using my cutter ?
mimick rubick a-rubick is ready to crash the party this january .
with his skill to steal ultimate or any skill which heroes would you like to counter ?
i 've just 'finished ' mario as in per the spec the user is asked for the height and the pyramid printed on the lines below .
i know i ca n't post all my code honour code and all that but can anyone offer insight into the errors ?
so my friend and i recently bought the borderlands games from steam and want to play together through lan we can not seem to get them to find each others game .
we 've connected ethernet directly to each others macbooks .
i now have at least 84000000 experience points in the farming skill .
this is one of many stories i will be forcing myself to relive for the sake of reddit .
the last eleven months of my life soon to be a year have been fairly miserable .
the one i 'll be telling you happened last night .
this ... event ... is the reason i am deciding to share this with you all .
this was the second semester of my first year of college .
things were going great grades were good this girl and i were getting serious .
i 've only had sleeping problems at one other point in my life .
i starting taking melatonin 2 weeks after it started and for the next six months .
when i stopped taking the melatonin they did n't start again .
at the beginning i started waking up during the night .
until now the generally small amount i slept as a pre-med college student was fairly low .
honestly not much of that was due to the courses i was taking gen chem 1 and basic biology and calculus were n't too big of deals .
i played video games drank beers or generally bullshitted for a large amount of most nights .
but i slept consistently for the time i did procure some shut-eye .
anyways i was waking up most nights for some reason .
honestly waking up was as inconsistent in timing as could be .
some nights an hour before i needed to wake up for class other nights at 1 am or anywhere in between .
i tried taking melatonin again thinking things like this are probably cyclical .
i gave up after three weeks and resigned myself to restless nights and tired days .
i started skipping the classes i was n't before .
thanks high school chemistry for chem 1 and 2 !
thing was now i was missing the important classes .
my grades stayed about the same but my social activity decreased dramatically .
i did n't stop seeing my friends just only hung out with the ones i actually liked .
it was college i had a lot of friends from the floor class and social events .
i only hung out with the ones i was closest to for the entirety of the second semester .
honestly this change increased my happiness by a lot and i 'm not sure if it 's even related to the insomnia .
but i figured it might be relevant and that is why i 'm sharing it with you .
the point of this background is to help you understand how things started .
now i 'm going to tell you the last result of my chronic insomnia .
typically a particular group of friends and i headed downstate to one friend 's farmhouse .
we were staying local at one of the other friend 's house who has been a friend of mine since childhood .
there were less than usual this year due to the relocation and last minute planning .
six of us staying up til 4 getting pretty hammered and abusing a go-cart too small for any of us .
since the beds were taken up in the house by my buddy his mother and a lady friend sleeping in my usual spot i lucked out and got to sleep in the furnace room .
now the furnace room may sound like a dark scary basement but in reality it is much less ominous than it sounds .
this furnace was in place for the purpose of making hot water for floor heating showering etc .
it 's housed in a small room with two entrances connected indirectly to the house by the room above it the loft .
but it is an enclosed space with two thresholds that led to the outdoors .
one was four feet across a hallway-of-sorts to the front door .
to the left the door opened into a hallway leading to his driveway .
the second toward led to two places to the right his driveway and his side yard to the left .
the other door is positioned to the left of the first door on the far wall .
picture it this way the couch i was laying on was five feet from the first door at my 11 o'clock .
the second was about fifteen feet to my left at my 9 o'clock .
the furnace stood between me and the second door .
to my right was a window about a foot above the couch .
the furnace was on so it was pretty hot in the room .
i opened the window to get some ventilation and keep myself from sweating like a pig .
after half an hour of unsuccessful sleep i smoked some weed hoping that would help .
i took out my tablet and started watching netflix on my buddy 's wifi .
after a few minutes i began hearing the tapping .
it had n't been loaded in a couple hours so i assumed the fire was dying out and making some noise .
after the third set of taps i walked over and opened up the furnace to see if i could see what was making the noise .
when i opened the door to look inside the furnace almost empty .
most of the wood was ash with only a few small remnants of coals .
i thought it could be the furnace cooling and that i could just be unfamiliar with its creaks and groans .
i quickly turned around and locked the door behind me .
as i walked towards the second door to repeat the tapping stopped .
then i heard scuffling to my left behind the door near the furnace .
i realized what was happening after my body had already reacted .
by the time i processed my need to lock the other door one hand was on the doorknob and the other was securely twisting the latch into place .
the scuffling moved in front of the door and then went silent .
i knew the door was locked and i had a relatively solid barrier in front of me but i felt fear .
fear i had n't felt since i was a kid having nightmares .
it had a hollow note to it though i could n't pinpoint any memories associated with the sound but it terrified me nonetheless .
i slowly backed away from the door and stood in front of the couch for a moment .
i gathered a fire poker that i rationalized i could use as a weapon in case of entry but i knew i was just trying to comfort myself .
if whatever it was was n't my friends fucking with me and it gained access to this room i was toast .
so i sat down on the couch and tried to distract myself .
my anxiety slowly diminished as the tapping became more infrequent and the sun began to rise .
not that i could see the damn thing but i watched the sky slowly lose its darkness as the sun rose .
it was cloudy out so it was less of a blue sky than a gray-white one .
before the sky could be light enough to be considered morning but light enough not to be night i heard a small rustling to my right .
i quickly got up and shut the window which closed/opened with one swing of a lever .
i sat down and tried not to look at the window listening intently for any action outside of it .
i cursed myself for allowing my guard to drop .
i stood up and looked out ... and then stopped dead in my tracks .
no i did n't see anything or anyone largely due to the fact that it was pitch black out .
i know i was watching the far door while listening for anything outside the window .
i just zoned out staring at the furnace and listening to its small intermittent noises .
i also know that it was getting light out earlier .
it was just past dawn by my best judgement when i had looked out the window before .
i rushed through my memory of the last few hours .
i was still a bit drunk and had been smoking all night but i knew it was getting light out before .
my episodes had never had this kind of effect .
i had experienced some pretty weird shit before tonight but my world had never changed like this .
i do n't know if time went back three hours or some thing was fucking with my world hardcore .
it could be a hallucination but i had slept til 2 that day so the amount of sleep deprivation i had was way too early for that .
i 'm scared the doors are locked and i do n't know what to do .
my fiancée and i have n't been dating for that long but we have clicked like crazy .
i met him through my best friend of 20 years .
we met when we went to dinner with my bestie which turned into our first date .
in the end we exchanged numbers and talked constantly for the next few days .
we made plans for a legitimate date and that turned into seeing each other daily .
eventually he asked if i would go steady i happily agreed .
our respective families loved the other person his family has made me feel welcome and it 's a great feeling .
he brought up marriage asking if i saw myself getting married am i ready to settle down etc .
i told him yes getting too old for this dating stuff but i 'm in no hurry .
yesterday new year 's day he proposed after we had spent nye together .
i said yes obviously everything has come so easily in our relationship .
i could n't see myself being with anyone else .
we 've spent as much time as possible getting to know each other made plans to move in together and he knows all my dark secrets and such .
i 'm marrying my best friend it feels amazing !
my sister has depression and bi-polar ii she 's moody judgemental and has been waiting on a ring from her boyfriend for 6 years .
but she 's my sister and i love her .
i decided i would tell her first to gauge reactions and figure out if telling the rest of my family would be a good idea .
she has n't met him as she lives halfway across the country but i love her and want her approval .
she called me an idiot i never married bf of 5 years and bf of 3 years what makes him so special ?
i 'm making a mistake and jumping into things .
it 's way too soon i 'm such an idiot how could i do this ?
i told her i love him gave her 100 reasons why this is right .
she 's been texting me telling me i 'm a moron .
now it 's a little scary break the news to the rest of our families .
he told his best friend and asked him to be his best man .
now we are taking my best friend to the spot of our first date with her to tell her the news .
we both feel like our families would be okay with it but my sister scolding me has put a damper on things .
not too long before this my mother asked if he was husband materiel .
she 's the first guy i 've brought around that she likes and she told me she 's so glad i 'm happy .
i feel like she would be okay with it but my sis is n't helping anything .
tl dr engaged after short relationship sister 's bitter attitude ruining the excitement .
my schedule online is forcing me to make a new password again and nothing i type in seems to work .
it wo n't even let me click change password '' .
i looked at all the criteria and made sure i met all of it in regards to the new password .
i guess target makes you change your password every few months or so because this is probably the fourth time i have had to do this .
has anyone else been having trouble with the corporate site for employees ?
i 've tried zen and kemp but i was wondering if there was anything else out there that is a little more mature and is open source .
talking nice interface often used in production to facilitate education in the real world .
i 'm familiar with all the linux options keepalived lvs corosync/pacemaker but i 'm asking for a friend who is n't comfortable with linux .
ladies i always loved feeling and admired women 's feet while she is on top of me or i am on top of her or while she is sucking me .
how does that feel to you ladies when your man grabs and feels your feet in the middle of the action ?
does it add any extra turn on to you or makes any difference while having sex ?
if we were following along on the track '' lead a number of people ended up eyeing holiday express .
dovetail games etc etc if you 've been on this hype train this long you already know .
in the screenshots of holiday express there is the train number then the blocks with numbers on them and the mph signs with numbers .
i 'm pretty sure that these have been the same screenshots since last year but maybe they based a clue around it still ?
maybe we can input an ip address ala http 463.114.40.30 by the order i saw .
i 'm not very good at stuff like this but we 've had to use spectrograms so far but no page sources and no ip addresses .
these kinds of things are common in args ilovebees for halo and online puzzles ala notpr0n .
edit how is there not a single review for holiday express ?
i can see why no one would buy it but really ?
edit of edit guys obviously i was giving an example i do n't think i deserve to be thumbsed down since the ip address is incorrect/does n't work .
i do n't have the answer i was just providing a suggestion of a path we might consider based on a lot of other args that i 've taken part in .
we battle twice a day starting around 1am 1pm pst .
we lower defense to farm points from monday to thursday .
please join us if you rank fighter3 or above in arena and have at least six 6 monsters for a full gw defense .
hey i 'm planning on buying a few boxes of the new english haruhi set that 's coming out .
what i was wondering is would there be any reason for me to get the trial deck since i 'm already getting boxes ?
need a happiness and e-girls fix direct download sites and adfly sucks badly done mcnuggets .
no proof cause i 'm not a user of any similar websites .
will call you a mad cunt thats an aussie thing if an invite is given .
i 'm currently in high school and taking a gap year so that i can rectify my grades and apply for a better university next year .
i was wondering whether it 's possible to apply now for full time work for a year beginning in september when school usually begins .
i need to be working or getting experience throughout my gap year next year but i obviously ca n't begin full time work now as i 'm still in full time education and will be until june .
is it possible to apply for a job now that i 'd begin at the beginning of q3/q1 or august/september ?
edit i live in the uk if that narrows anything down .
the biggest issue i 'm having with narwhal is viewing comments after visiting a post/link .
after visiting a link i often accidentally tap 'back ' to the home page when i want to see the comments .
there 's no way to get from the home page to the comments on a post directly .
also after viewing the content of a link and swiping down the half screen of comments to view it the 'view comments ' button only flies in to half screen .
presumably if i tap the 'view comments ' button i am done viewing the content and want a full screen of comments .
just some rambling thoughts on my usage/experience so far ...
i do n't have a backup pc for gaming .
hopefully it was just precautionary measures i know there are amazing physicians all around him who will know what 's up .
which cases is dropping right now and which case can you no longer get ingame ?
does anyone know when the financial aid holds will release and credit into our accounts ?
it 's getting really close to the payment deadline and it has already been '10 days prior to classes starting . '
at higher levels of play getting stuck with a bad comp is almost a guaranteed loss .
it 's like i 've come to a point where i feel like switching games .
not to mention the fact that i played 20 games today and 3 of them were against a full 5 man premade team and all 3 games i had no premade groups on mine .
that is so unfair considering they get to pick their team comp entirely and you get stuck with blizzard 's shitty comps .
this provides some context since i ca n't diagnose my own problem https np.reddit.com/r/christianitygaming/comments/3z7phz/slightly_offtopic_a_message_to_all_conservatives
hi i 've lurked around this subreddit for a while and i wanted to know if you guys know of any good relatively cheap usb mics .
my budget is 200 and any help would be greatly appreciated .
i 've seen the dental x-rays and apparently my adult tooth just went sideways .
it 's there just no way in hell it can be forced down .
the general consensus in the culture is its easier for them to get it done now than later even if they choose not to wear it later on .
now she has had them she is honestly taking it way better than i had when i got my 2nd set at 18 .
her discomfort only lasted 3 hrs after the piercing and she hasnt noticed them after daily cleanings rubbing on clothes baths etc .
there was a bench on the bench there was a man .
could the man play the ukelele he held what was his name what was his story ?
well from the way he was blindliny strumming the wooden thing in his hands he was not trained in the art of uke-ing but he was certainly of interests of interest to the new girl was of a different question entirely .
she would have to do something to find out about hon she would have to do something terrifying and incredibly difficult to do .
she would have to say hello to a stranger !
it 's literally as easy as taking the old one off and putting the new one on in the same place .
take out the screws that hold it take the hose off and reverse it with the new one before refilling the coolant according to your manual .
i hope he 's been practising his english whilst rehabbing his injury because it really will help him in the long run
reporting from 2350 the cards in the hyperexile zone particularly the living cards they 're the treasure cards '' in return to the battle for zendikar '' are beginning to stir .
hyperingest is only doing so much to return them to normal exile and disrupt their mutinous plans .
we 're all hiding in living expeditions i foolishly chose a red land it 's way too hot here but one of the hyperexiled spells keeps attempting to living awaken the rocks around me .
i do n't have long left please tell wotc to begin work on mechamaro .
edit also stop telling them to try and make converge a thing .
it still does n't work in limited and as a dedicated johnny i ca n't afford to keep losing because wotc keep giving me undraftable but potentially great build arounds .
i read somewhere that americans will share things with strangers that other countries have culturally approved forms of suicide to avoid sharing .
did n't mean to disrespect adams at all just meant to say shit happens and a lot of people were being too arrogant .
im going send them an email and wait for a response .
another thing that has popped up in my searches on the clock is the smart nixie tube . ''
so would there be no use for an external arduino ?
but could you still use want just to add even more functionality ?
once again thank you so much for the help .
the only thing i have are the tubes and i quite excited to get started and order some components .
i think i 'll give it an individual meal try .
i think that the kimono rabbit do 2x damege and gold kimono rabbit and queen lil´ demon rabbit 8 stars do 2.5 x damage .
when the line up change so do the characters with 2x and 2.5x .
so basically your cat is someone creating calories from thin air to pack on the pounds .
you are feeding your cat too much or it has another source of food .
met a lot none of them went through the same thing as you though
the us was just experiencing the anger of civilians from countries they had fucked up over the years
and further going to war with iraq and really the entire fucking world not to mention privacy freedom disagreement etc .
but even that 's all aside invoking nato over a stateless organization .
i 'm using the ameli with stalker tracker sights and a muzzle break .
that cheeky australian man with a windies jersey and grenada flag
i really do n't think that any currently domesticated animals are capable of objecting to exctinction ...
oh my god they will just air it out for 10 seconds before setting off who cares ?
would you rather have a life of sterile clean elevators over one with occasional interesting surprises even if it means taking the stairs once in a while ?
yeah how many of them include half price games day one of release ?
well nhl network skipped the canada finland game earlier today and showed a highlight compressed version at 3:30 pm but is unexpectedly showing the hnic leafs st louis game when islanders penguins was scheduled so yay ?
this is a collection and we only allow single image submissions in this subreddit .
if you would like to submit a collection please pick your favorite image from the collection and submit that instead .
you can leave a link to the full collection as a comment .
i am a bot r/pornoverlords/wiki/pornoverlord-info and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcarporn if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm a bit late but how exactly would this be possible ?
eventually sa and iran will just need to get a room .
i mean luke did the same thing in return .
i 'm not sure why people would have a problem with an untrained force user letting a little darkside out in the heat of the moment .
as in the undead flesh and sinew that exist in the shadow realm that are n't harmed by most things in the physical world .
undead flesh and sinew as a metaphor could apply to a ghost as well where there is no actual physical substance but the ethereal or ectoplasm in some cases i suppose .
i wish we played them before the deadline i 'd love to inquire as to the calgary stampede 's gay scene
it is one of the driving forces particularly in the middle east .
climate change is only going to get worse if we do not keep 80-90 of fossil fuels in the ground .
the pentagon has released reports saying that the biggest threat to our national security is climate change .
there was ample warning and she had to agree to it .
it really is pushed right in your face that the surge pricing is in effect and exactly how much .
indian navy is planning their 3rd aircraft carrier by the 2030s or beyond .
it 's possible that it may be 2 depending upon refitment etc
so weird that gase is such a hot commodity as a hc .
he was basically the random dude that we promoted to oc when mccoy left .
presided over one of the best offenses ever yeah but it was a peyton-led offense that was absolutely stacked .
now he 's in his second of two meh '' years bears offense is ranked 20th and cutler is middle of the pack in pretty much every important passing stat and people are going crazy over him .
i think i read somewhere it 's not a jewel case .
ca n't remember where but for 2 cds and an album so ambitious i 'd hope it 's in a nice case .
sorry your submission was removed from r/music because your account is less than one day old .
we have to take these measures to combat spammers it 's nothing personal .
we 'd like you to get to know the place better before contributing so for now just sit back and enjoy the content posted here .
please read this entire reply as we 're trying to help you become successful on reddit .
first time redditors should be aware of reddit 's site-wide guidelines http www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette .
if you are planning to submit your own music site or channel in r/music you must read the guidelines for self-promotion on reddit http reddit.com/wiki/selfpromotion .
violating these rules will result in a site-wide shadowban that 's just the way reddit operates there 's nothing we can do about it .
new users should take the time to read the subreddit introduction r/music/wiki/introduction to learn what this place is all about and how we operate .
tomorrow you will be able to comment on threads but not submit posts to r/music .
keep in mind that if you do n't have anything positive or constructive to say in your comment it 's best to refrain from saying anything .
new users must maintain a minimum positive karma score to submit posts in r/music .
again this is nothing personal it 's something we have to do to avoid spammers clogging up our feed to the tune of hundreds of submissions each day .
we ca n't reveal what this score is but we can tell you that anyone who actively uses reddit and is a positive part of the community will have no problem earning their way past this limit quickly .
if you wish to promote in r/music without participating in the community you can buy cheap 5 30 sponsored links http www.reddit.com/advertising .
these will place your music at the top of the page for a couple of days without the need to earn upvotes so everyone will see them .
if you have any questions about reddit please read the reddit faq http www.reddit.com/wiki/faq .
if you are just starting out on your career as a musician r/music is not the place where you want to submit your works-in-progress or first musical creations .
this is the place for finished tracks and albums that are for sale .
there are many other active knowledgeable music communities made up of people like you who will provide feedback advice and technical tips on how to improve your sound .
reddit will even help you to find new band members and learn to play an instrument .
some of the most well known communities are listed below .
r/radioreddit a radio station of redditor-made music hungry for your tracks
the music makers multireddit u/evilnight/m/musicmakers contains 80 communities each dedicated to a different aspect of making music .
there is no better place on the entire internet to get advice and feedback on your own music .
use these resources because they will help you become a better musician .
as you participate in these communities you will quickly earn enough karma to submit your music in r/music and prove that you are an honest user making positive contributions .
we apologize for all of these hoops however there is no other way to protect this subreddit from spammers and users aiming to exploit it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
i made a feedback thread for the new feature so the users can chime in and we can improve it later on .
what do you mean by but they ended his conditioning stint '' ?
somewhere close to two years ago my wife was in a bad situation with various drugs cocaine included .
it was a difficult time for her to leave that behind my being there helped her through that from what she has said to me .
drug addiction is something she would have been able to control regardless it was just easier with people that cared for her well being .
my eyes have been opened to that side of life and my heart goes out to addicts .
decriminalization would help more people understand drug addicts need help instead of jailing and shaming them .
maybe mascot suits is the way to protect our players from concussions
gold jungler here what do i do when the enemy jungler plus top and mid lane camp my jungle and my team refuses to help at the beginning of the game ?
especially when they proceed to die when their lanes finally go back and i 'm too behind to help .
i want some a side of rice instead of frice .
does every team have a three point specialist like nickens or are we just so lucky ?
i have depression myself and i 'm also in a relationship .
it seems like you really care about your girlfriend and it 's really sweet that you want to do more .
i think a lot of what you can do to make her feel better depends on her personality so you can always just be direct and ask what you can do whether she wants to talk about it or needs some space .
for me i always appreciate when my boyfriend just holds me close when i 'm upset or does little chores around the house to help .
depression just affects everyday living for me it 's a constant battle .
it helps tremendously to have emotional support from my so .
also wanted to add learn as much you can about depression .
having a good understanding of how the disease affects her will help you to become more patient with her .
my younger bothers ex black girlfriend lives right across the street from me .
in 1992 i bought my place and mortgage is now paid for .
this is the home my wife and i will retire in .
i have been friends with her since 1985 even though my brother broke up with her .
she is a divorced single mom and has three wonderful young daughters .
i had this dream where i was at school and my parents were walking with me down the entrance floor then left me .
then i saw this girl and was weirded out because i go to an all boy 's high school actually the best high school in new york xavier but i digress .
then i put my hand out to shake her hand and introduce myself .
by the way i just turned 14 in real life and am a freshman who never had a girlfriend but there was a situation with this one girl but that is for another time .
so i fall down a bit of stairs which in real life is all the way on the other side of the lobby .
so she picks me up and it was weird because i could n't get up and she was very strong we talk and we hit it off .
by the way she 's a cute pale girl with brunette hair very pretty .
so we go out and we have coffee etc .
then i ask her some questions like her favorite color .
then someone asked her name and she said scarlet pomer .
then her birthday then how old she is then we are by a house and she said 25 then i say i 'm 14 .
for those of you who do n't know who that is she was an actress who played kira on the show reba but she was her in adult form .
then after minutes of silence i say i 'll go and we did n't say anything else and i left .
this dream pissed me off a lot because in real life i am very shy and ca n't talk to girls because i am not good at that and i 'm scared of getting hurt again so yeah there was one other dream i had which was really weird .
do n't you know that every champion in the game is op except the one you main ?
i think we all know that bob was really this man .
while i understand what you 're saying i simply can not just accept it . ''
this is was my enjoyment and it 's what i do in my free time .
if you can afford it i would get sambucus .
i 've tried tons of immune stuff to prevent various illnesses and this is the stuff that has worked every time without fail .
prevent thrashing by disabling the page file not by just having unused ram .
i know i played the demo of it recently as i 'd never heard of it before and then it came into work .
i guess that 's a difference between you and me .
i do n't see fucking a super ugly chick as being disrespectful to yourself if you yourself are already ugly .
btw i 'm not calling you ugly just taking you at your word .
i have known a few guys in my life that have been able to get nice looking girlfriends but still fuck real ugly women here and there .
because they had super sex drives were n't worried about being judged and the women were there .
i do n't think less of them i think it 's a little odd but whatever .
in short i do n't think that you disrespect yourself by fucking an ugly chick i think you disrespect yourself by worrying about what other people think about you .
just go for it dude find an ugly chick and start by saying hi '' .
i 'm not gon na judge i 've been there .
thanks for the link i guess i missed that somehow .
dunno if it has to do with fleury being back but pittsburgh is playing with so much confidence right now looks great .
ignoring the contents of a hardfork the hardfork changes themselves may be centralizing it requires you to trust a central authority or set of central authorities to trust and tell you the new consensus rules .
you also have to trust the miners to fix any consensus problems that result as we saw in the v0.8 fork .
my router allows me to set max/min bandwidth by mac address so i just limited everyone else 's to ensure they do n't hog the network with their streaming or torrenting .
i tried giving higher priority to the steam ports but it did n't work and i did n't bother to look too much into it .
as to how to set it up you 'll have to look at your router 's manual .
when will a patch for the raid battle be given to us ?
will the 6 maidens be given out in the coming months ?
will there be a consistent schedule announced for raid 6 star ?
what if a friend wants to meet up for coffee or a drink ?
witcher 3 fills your need for complex development and strategy as well as an engrossing story .
borderlands 2 takes care of group fun and fixes your need for comedy and shoot em up with crazy fun loot .
for example you 'll still need a decent audio capture card .
they was chemically man made like the incredible hulk .
ok with this stand up bullshit i 'm here to finish the fight ''
obviously everybody remembers him for his over the top calls but as a pure announcer he 's as good as it gets .
i actually had a thought that maybe he ate some red tissue paper or something .
the game would have been a steamroll if vernon and the center did n't go out .
i do n't have to know him personally to discern he is evil .
or is he angry that the other guy got to have any fun at all during the match ?
american generals awake thanks for the warning we wanted some kielbasa anyway .
i am looking to get a masters degree in that field currently undergrad senior .
farming simulator with cows and melons sweet jesus they 're bring back minecraft !
not likes hes going to be like been a while since i scored better focus next match on getting a goal . ''
hes just going to head into the next match and do his job and thats defend .
zard 's flamethrower destroys part of a tank http gfycat.com/slowanxiouscaimanlizard calling that useless at a distance ?
plus he could close the distance given that charizard can easily dodge lasers http gfycat.com/flashyscaryfrogmouth .
iron tail is n't a shitty example either it slices rock http gfycat.com/horribleblindflatcoatretriever and charizard does n't take much damage from it .
my licensure went something like this apply to nasba get 120 credit waiver to sit pass exams send in new transcripts with 150 credits through nasba and receive notification they have been received by state board obtain experience and send to state board .
i have a makerfront i3pro which is a steel frame prusa i3 design .
it 's a kit and i am getting excellent prints from it .
the kit comes configured as a single extruder printer but i assume it can be modified to be dual extruder since it 's a prusa i3 .
if memory serves the ramps board mine came with has an extra driver for a second extruder motor that goes unused .
i was raised christian so i think that helped .
for the ones that were n't madoka gave you a pass .
i do n't think i 've got a single bad legendary yet .
but then i 've only unpacked 3 so maybe it 's just luck .
it forces the strings to press in to the locking nut on the tuner side .
it 's required to have a good angle there or the strings wo n't rest in the nut right .
if the guy is so bad ass at bjj why did n't he pull that shit faster lol
time to do some reading both of you.. read more than two '' and it 's web site of the same name ... also opening up '' and the ethical slut '' get those under your belt and talk a bunch ... she can always find guys to screw her so i would recommend you guys take a pass on this dude for now ... do your homework read your books and communicate .
i would recommend that she open this up for you first so she can see how she is going to deal with this as she already seems to have worked it out in her mind how you are going to deal with it .
maybe square enix nintendo could work something out with the hardware that would allow it to be flexible based on hardware since nintendo 's publishing it in the west reportedly ?
play on standard 3ds and you get that play on new 3ds and you get improved graphics .
mh4u for example is 'enhanced ' on the new 3ds with better visuals .
ortega down 2 rounds and they call for him to get it done and he does .
trying to save money after this expensive run for me .
nye cost me 236 1/1 was 260 for 3 tix .
and yeah i bought the stream for tonight well after i thought my bootleg stream failed .
i contribute to the band if you 're implying i do n't .
i could have posted this thread at any point in my ownership of this game over the last week but it appears the entire ubi network has been hit .
for real though this game is so fun why does it only work for me 30 of the time ? !
is it just this bad because of the in flux of us christmas noobs ?
it 's in north falmouth you can find one of the many entrances off of hurricane road/gray road .
if you hop on strava you can see a bunch of different routes from hurricane you can ride .
some collectors have been buying the bs figure for the robe to put on the shf figure .
just tested this out with a ranged can not die mob and a pack of whites .
was smooth and as soon as i turned on warlords blasphemy i immediately saw frame issues .
really hope they fix it because the mini stuns are kinda nifty .
yes for example consider boost graph library http www.boost.org/doc/libs/1_60_0/libs/graph/doc/faq.html likes this .
how do i perform an early exit from an algorithm such as bfs ?
create a visitor that throws an exception when you want to cut off the search then put your call to breadth_first_search inside of an appropriate try/catch block .
this strikes many programmers as a misuse of exceptions however much thought was put into the decision to have exceptions has the preferred way to exit early .
if you havent done any training before i would recommend starting with power lifting to get some strength and meat on your bones .
i 'm wanting to get into bwf and do n't consider myself strong but not scrony .
is this solid beginner advice that others agree with ?
as of now it seems four were made one in 1926 another in 1949 then in 1979 and most recently in 2013 .
nice edc i 've been thinking about breaking down my laptop bag .
e-books still are not perfect for code or reference so i totally get it but man that 's got to be a heavy bag .
i quit carrying books a while ago i either have 2 copies home and work or use my kindle .
go through my comment history to see the one my grandfather gave me .
same model with engravings on the back from martin marietta who employed him and gave him the watch .
it 's a little dry but confessions by st. augustine is a good one
recently ghetto has been a lot better than weise .
he 's arguably faster he definitely has more offence than weise has really good possession numbers where weise is not really good in those areas .
your family is being attacked by intruders and you need to escape and signal for help as soon as possible even if it means you running out side naked you are naked and the house catches on fire you got skunked in beer pong and are forced to run around the house naked it 's a bet/dare .
now who 's lucky sob who has to roll him around
i got something like this except the actual rotor surface where the pads touch was bare metal .
i got the ac delco ones on amazon with e-coating i guess they call it .
they seem to be holding up so far with the battle against rust even in the rust belt here .
i mean yea the woman is attractive but you want them to like you too and also not be creepy
so how do you account for thermic effect of food ?
the calories burned in the process of digesting food usually 10-15 depending on the food is just another iteration of calories out '' i.e .
it all comes down to calories in vs calories out .
now what gets put on either side of the in '' vs out '' column is a separate matter .
perhaps alcohol makes you more physically active so you expend more calories dancing drunk and laughing hysterically in which case perhaps your night of binge drinking burned more calories than you consumed pro tip it did n't .
no it just means you have to put some more numbers in the out '' column for your calculation to be accurate .
it 's simple the thermal effect of food gets added to the calories out '' variable of the calculation .
if calories in '' is represented by i then the thermal effect of food would be say 0.1i i.e .
calories consumed in excess of energy requirements calories consumed by food and drink calories expended at basal metabolic rate calories expended from physical activity above your bmr
you would instead add another variable to the end calories expended digesting food
you can further quibble over things like whether the calories on the label of your food the first part of the equation before the equal sign is actually what it says it is .
turns out calorie counts on labels can legally have a margin of error of something like 10 if i remember correctly .
or you try to tease out more accuracy from the bmr calculation by undergoing expensive laboratory testing to ascertain precisely what your bmr is .
the point being calories in vs calories out is always the full and complete end-of-story explanation for the energy balance of an organism .
the difficulty is ascertaining an accurate count of those calories in either or both directions .
dude i played halo 2 for years and there was no real carrot on a stick in that game .
unless you count killimanjaro 's a carrot ... which i did .
if someone gets a kill i tell them '' nice ! ''
and i always remind them that comebacks are possible and it happens often that you win 14:16 although you were 14:3 or so
schalke has 3 of the best young players in the game so 4 seasons in you should have a chance to win everything .
the thing is renewable energy is not actually a threat to oil .
oil is used for transportation renewables feed in to the electric grid .
more renewables ont he grid has no bearing on oil whatsoever .
pretty sure you need to use android device bridge adb https twrp.me/faq/adbsideload.html .
you should do her princess dress instead of her work outfit .
i have been putting it in every single day .
and it 's better than having your heart cut out of your body .
after reading about the cold-war my confidence in america evading war situations with major powers has increased .
36 freaking premier tournaments is too many i think one every 3 weeks or so is plenty especially when you considder the korean leagues are also a part of this total
your post has been removed because you did not include a correct tag at the beginning of your title .
without this i 'm not able to assign the appropriate flair .
please re-submit your post with one of the following tags in the title .
your post will also be removed if the title is in all caps or if there are less than 2 words in the title not including the tag .
if you 're unsure of what tag to use then question or discussion would probably work for most borderline cases .
release new tweaks that have just been released or submitted
discussion jailbreak related discussions where anyone can give their opinion .
for example favorite/recommended tweaks tweak concepts tweak configurations etc .
request requests for a tweak to be made or updated
note if you wish to use multiple tags please do not split '' your tags like this question/discussion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jailbreak if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't even see the number to call .
that 's true we do n't know the rules '' of the avatar world when it comes to naming traditions .
plus the reveal that varrick and zhu li both had family names gave me the impression that most people in the avatar world have them we just never hear them .
before that i 'd stuck to the fan theory that only wealthy families used family names though royal families were more known by their titles but from what we 're told varrick did n't start out rich and i doubt zhu li was either .
and he 's from the same country as korra so i expect she 'd have a surname too unless avatars give them up or something .
i 'm not really a korrasami shipper but my assumption would be that they 'd probably both keep their names if they got married even if it was traditional for one partner to take the other 's name .
asami 's surname is tied to her business and dead family while korra 's is probably tied to the water tribe royal family and the name people knew the avatar as .
we 've seen earth kingdom southern water tribe and fire nation descended characters with family names .
i think the only exception would probably be the original air nomads who did n't really have family units anyway .
it 's because she 's an alumni or fan of florida state university which has a very good american college football team with a ton of fans on reddit .
those fans are probably responsible for the huge down votes .
i have no idea where i fall in the political spectrum .
i believe in the right to bear arms within reason that all people have the same rights regardless of skin color gender or sexual orientation and i support welfare '' programs as long as you get off your butt apply for work and take a job if it 's offered .
these are my opinions i appreciate discussing them but i 'm not going to argue with anyone .
mouseover or click to view the metric conversion for this comment http fiddle.jshell.net/convertstometric/xhk4y5h5/show/light ? 5 20feet 20 201.5 20m 0a 5 feet 1.5 m
it has been previously been confirmed my numerous members of the team that is it untradeable .
yeah i think this trade would be best redesigned without the wizards .
i would love nothing more than to get kd the fuck out of the northwest division though .
i wish you nothing but the best of luck in that aim !
on a completely unrelated note i am loving me some oubre !
he is like a hybrid of moe harkless and allen crabbe and he would fit really well in the blazers ' rotation .
we do n't want nene and it appears that relief from paying him is n't really going to help you guys as much as i anticipated that is what i was going for .
1 mason plumlee 2 expanding your team building capacity for the 2016/17 season .
in the short term the benefit probably does n't amount to more than the difference between a 7 game bounce out of the second round versus a 6 game bounce .
and if the long term benefit is n't there then there is n't a point .
it is hard to sell guys that have a reputation for under performance but are having a career year in a new situation or worse those guys that do n't have a reputation at all .
in any case good luck this season and i am hoping for christmas in july for washington .
the one with the stockholm behavior attempting to appease or play along with advances they wish to reject then turning around and complaining that obnoxious aggressive machismo idiots ca n't take a hint .
well we do n't know yet but we can strongly assume those aspects about interaction with objects .
i bet you can play while on a car .
you wo n't reach all locations this way but still get a bunch of different encounters .
for trading still no word for an online option so people assume it wo n't be possible .
trying to get clean now.. one of the reasons we broke up .
edit i probably should delete this i did n't realize .
haha that seems to be a common error for all new users .
as soon as people realize you have to feed your cats then the game gets to be fun !
i do n't understand why people feel the need to call ugly things beautiful or perfect .
but i do n't think that 's not what 's going on .
but man they hung a bit low but they were fucking gorgeous tits .
the las vegas review-journal reported that tensions reached a critical level '' during the standoff with rifles pointing toward each side .
10 las vegas station klas-tv also reported that guns were pointed at officers .
80 assistant sheriff lombardo recounted that they were in my face yelling profanities and pointing weapons '' and said we were outgunned outmanned and there would not have been a good result from it .
a photojournalist for reuters wrote that armed supporters had taken up tactical positions on government officers '' and that one man pointing a rifle in the direction of blm employees said i 've got a clear shot at four of them .
82 another man said i 'm ready to pull the trigger if fired upon .
i watched that on a lark when it was on netflix even though it looked like a bad b movie .
i could n't have been more wrong—i loved it .
i rarely hear people talk about that movie it really seems to have slid under the radar .
my mother and my sister have a permanent baby tooth .
i had one in the same spot as theirs plus a second permanent one .
my sister had her adult tooth pulled down while she had braces and she went through hell with it so i decided to leave mine as-is .
one fell out when i was in my mid 20 's the other is still partying hard into my 30 's .
rather than have the adult tooth dragged from the roof of my mouth into a spot too small for it i had a porcelain crown put in its place instead .
i just came here to say you look like sophia bush in the last photo !
as was what stated before also look at g set 6 .
i do not know a lot about pale moon as i do not run it but they are getting more support there as well .
i do n't think the phase getting inside someone '' counts for suu .
you would n't be a fan of the window installation business .
how do you put the pantyhose on the fans ?
bit late to the party but i have a baby tooth too !
i 've seen a video from bednar making a boy cry .
he was talking about satan and making a guilty game against that poor kid .
so i think he should add in his résumé he is an asshole .
occupy wallstreet did n't take over a federal building with weapons .
they were just a bunch of smelly hippies sitting in the street and many of them got the shit beat out of them pepper sprayed and arrested .
it was an awesome back and forth fight with momentum shifts and insane exchanges all throughout .
it 's just that every time there 's an extremely close fight people like to cry robbery '' when they do n't agree with it .
i only have oranges and one apple tree that i got today .
if you come to my town feel free to help me out
say all you want but fat is n't nearly as attractive as fit .
i went from 230 to 180 and it solved most of my problems .
i made friends women started showing interest in me ect ...
it was the hardest thing i 've ever done but it was completely worth it .
if you tell yourself that there 's nothing wrong with your weight and the way you look you 're just lying to yourself .
they 're the closet things i found to what i remember .
silica will absorb the moisture in the car as for the film clean off the residue with a degreaser and then window cleaner or a water based cleaner .
no i like badgers and foxes along with red pandas ''
he could 've done it much sooner if he actually tried to also .
all his weighted plays before the blue zenith hr were sub 30 tries i believe .
damn this gif makes me like want to be with you and stuff ... . https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=6bd9t44jud4 feature=youtu.be
the time dilation for vats would mean that you each have to slow down when someone enters it .
that 's probably the biggest hurdle that i can see .
edit edit and loading the assets if the two players moved too far apart from one another .
edit edit edit and how the story and experience would progress .
i mean what better things to do in winter besides ski get drunk and watch movies ?
it 's a great well kept neighborhood regardless of race .
put in tappable humbuckers and just pull the taps so that they 're single coils .
should give you a more stratlike sound and keep the guitar looking like it should .
like u/peronalodis i only have complete guesswork for my estimate .
my guess is that if toriel fits the length of her queen size bed which has an average length of 80 '' according to google she would be somewhere around 6'8 '' 203cm .
this chart was last updated was on 01/03/2016 at 02:45am est
idk if people are going to rave about mn9 like they are with undertale .
people are already hating the game because of some drama surrounding it .
one of my favorites my top is probably diamond 's are forever '' ... followed by nobody does it better '' tied with for your eyes only '' .
i 'm glad you have found closure on the topic .
i 'll give you the one where the guy threatened to kick my ass .
i am sure your puppers would make a sammy if he was not human challenged .
could barely keep up with the second when it got to the mid sentences however .
i 'm as liberal as they come but that whole site is just really shitty anti-republican tripe .
if you need more grays i recommend artkal 43 and hama light gray .
is it not possible to follow up if fox di 's out of your pillar combo on fd ?
yea i get this too it seems to happen around 00-:25 window .
so i usually log in before wait until 25 and then relog .
u can do both bro just moderate that shit cut down .
terrorism is the act of targeting innocent civilians in an attempt to cause fear and panic which is used to further an agenda .
these people have n't attacked anyone and threatened to retaliate if they were confronted physically by police .
that does n't really fit with what terrorism is meant to be .
while i ca n't comment on this situation as i 'm not familiar with the arrest/trial/resentencing that spawned it what i do find troubling is the eagerness of people to label this terrorism .
everyone talks about the hypothetical gap in pay between men and women but i have yet to ever see any data that compares salaries in given fields between women and men with some extra breakdowns such as education levels or years of experience .
the data that is being presented is just for a shock value or click bait .
is anyone surprised that daycare workers make less money per year than mechanical engineers ?
that is n't to say both professions are solely performed by one gender but the ratio of gender in both professions is heavily in favor of women and men respectively .
why is this kind of data or journalism even still accepted ?
i also did n't think i 'd ever get it after not rolling it since august .
i hope it turns up eventually for you too !
bulls fan here to wish faried the best of health .
did not like watching him on the sideline like that .
feel like the outcome of this game would have been different had that not happened .
most of them are created just after a new dino is added and they do n't know what to use for food .
without them some of the comedy i get from viewing them on my laptop would make life while im crafting the stuff i need boring .
i am not sure why the trade is failing ?
i just tested a trade with someone else and it worked for me ?
he would be a terrible ambassador these days he turned his back on this community remember ?
then i remembered my uncle who was a defense attorney and it basically ruined his life .
for a while my old ipod was convinced the date was january 1970 every time i turned it on .
hey there i noticed that you 're talking about an event primary or caucus in your post !
you may already know this but there 's a great ridesharing application to make it much easier for people to attend bernie events together and ultimately go to caucuses and polls together with the goal of increasing voter turnout !
it 's called ridewithbernie and it 's integrated into the official bernie 2016 event map .
there 's just 3 simple steps to set up your rideshare and make bernie proud
1 locate and click on the event you wish to attend on this map http www.bernie2016events.org zipcode distance=50 eventtype=r eventtype=cw eventtype=e eventtype=d eventtype=b eventtype=o daterange=all-events and then click on the blue carpool button on the event popup .
2 a page will appear with basic instructions that say how ridesharing works fill out a quick profile .
3 then just fill out your first name phone number and location you 'll be leaving from in the text boxes and then you 're done with set up !
for more info on registering and voting in your state visit voteforbernie.org http voteforbernie.org .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sandersforpresident if you have any questions or concerns .
your mother is n't part of a racially insensitive cult ... is she ?
hi are u still in the market for used fa shoes ?
well i just gave them a code over email ... but i would assume you can just send the gift directly if you wanted to do that .
you can also send gifts via email to which they can make a new steam account if necessary to activate it .
this was on like every when animals attack back in the day too .
chuck norris has a bear skin rug in his front room ... its not dead it just too fucking scared to move .
it 's always offering to translate non-sense and fails every time it tries a real language .
they 're willing to kill american citizens because some asshole decided to burn public land to hide his crimes which nearly killed 4 cops .
he 'll be able to purchase high-value knives worth 54k that he can sell on opskins for about 70-75 of face value .
edit after rereading this it looks as if i 'm claiming credit .
that 's the first time someone 's ever said anything about my username !
fellaini was great for me but only as a cm just in there to knock people off the ball and to win headers in midfield .
he only worked when used either cm or a second cdm .
everyone will love you for it and help you out .
also take a guide book once you know where you want to go and where you want to stay things are pretty easy .
like how the gates only go between earth and abydos .
or how jack is a raging jerk in the movie but a funny cool dude in the show .
yeah they joke about how he spells his name differently but he still went on the abydos mission somehow .
or how the goa'uld are n't human hosts in the movie just slaves and ra looks more like an asgard meets alien instead of the snake thing we all love to hate .
plus it says that he is the last of a dieing race but all of a sudden nope !
watch it once for context but skip it every rewatch .
makes me real worried about emmerichs involement in the new stargate .
stop focusing on giving her an orgasm ask her to be more vocal about what she likes/if she needs you to adjust it a little/what feels better .
be content if it goes nowhere it 's not the goal it 's the journey .
it is a movie about rescuing indian citizens from another hostile country the role indian government played in it bound to have nationalistic streak .
there is so much turnover in off campus housing that inevitably couches are left behind because people are too lazy or they 're old and disgusting .
so a lot of times you 'll have an extra couch or 2 because you have your own you 're bringing .
so people are n't burning their nice ones or the ones they use everyday .
there just is n't the same surplus of ottomans or endtables .
plus they do n't make nearly as big of a fire .
if you want readability definitely do not go with the king james .
late 90s action games in general have aged horribly the controls and camera of most of them are terrible by today 's standards .
bro imagine lebron in the 60s lmaooooooo dude played against the cast of friends in the 60s
smoke is visible to every friendly once placed not just those in the platoon .
4 colours of smoke on 1 building will give the enemy a free smokescreen and there 's nothing you can do about it
i wake up 4:30am weekdays so i try to be asleep by 11pm
well unfortunately i have 1023 of every stone except that one haha .
i have n't done shrine of storms yet tho in this playthrough .
do you get one from a boss drop like the others ?
care to name one without resorting to html/css and js ?
i was actually a huge fan of it as well .
i think it could actually be one of my favorite zelda games right behind ocarina of time .
8x is still a large sum of money i put in 10 and after 40 years it still wo n't be 400k or what ever 8x adjusted inflation is .
have n't had the chance to read the article i 'll read once i get home from work .
the games that removed it sure a few worked but a lot them just added it in another way .
this game in a sense is like a mmo and has levels in a way .
it 's a progression that is demanded if it 's via levels or ranks in a game like cod .
it 's part of our current gaming culture and growing .
even single player games are turning into single player mmo 's .
i enjoyed it more than the previous 2 movies .
i did not have high expectations for it but it was easily worth the ride .
1 it means you actually elect people who will do something about it
2 it means you actually pay attention to c-span 2 when they are airing congress while debating new bills .
3 it means you actually demand that the laws in regards to fraud are followed and that there are sufficient means in the laws to prevent any organizations from legally committing fraudulent behavior .
4 it means you demand that the agencies who are tasked with monitoring these activities actually do their job and if they do n't .
they do n't just lose their job but they also serve jail time for collusion .
5 it means you stop bending over and taking it with this self defeatist attitude that there is not a single thing that you can do or even believing that what they are doing is perfectly acceptable .
i do n't know what 's so hard about understanding what these words mean .
but then there 's that line about poetry truth and how much most people hate poetry ...
there is a self-help book called you are a bad ass by jen sincero .
come on now ... you know you love those penis signs everywhere .
all i have to do is push a button and my ip is reset to another .
get trump out there to blather about these great murican heros and when the hot air is peaking bomb em with raw sewage .
to save time on exams and only read things once .
my eyes would follow the highlighter and my brain would digest information in that linear format .
i also highlighted key points that i would need to answer the question while doing this so i only ever read articles once and just went back to small highlighted sections afterwards .
vegans obese lip smacking boring bragging about having an ass but do n't have anything bragging about being an asshole '' non cultured man hating feminist demeaning judgemental not able to have fun ... and those who have to have coffee in the morning personal reasons for that one
well to be fair it does n't look like they 're a whole lot bigger than a house cat .
https www.google.com/search ? q=adirondack+bobcat safe=off espv=2 biw=1920 bih=979 source=lnms tbm=isch sa=x ved=0ahukewjw6otxny3kahwhlh4khrqtcysq_auibygc
but i still got the vibe that swabbie was aggrivated by my taunting and wanted to teach me a lesson by ramming me .
i 'm a white atheist male that grew up in the south .
but what you just said was so fucking stupid and racist it was almost funny .
this is extremely late but that is beautiful as hell .
the only loo with changing stuff was busy and it was n't going to wait as the horrific miasma was already raising eyebrows so i just grabbed the only one free .
changed him on the top of the closed toilet wiped him up cleaned the seat even though it did n't really need it and the basin and went on my merry way .
it 's awkward but it 's just not that hard .
i 'm not complimenting you i just wanted to see you get sat down and you did .
just make money graphics and get rich 420 blaze it
got ta love a nebulon b hospital frigate d also i 'm pretty sure we all know who the gun gan is xd
because it doesnt fucking matter their cultures never mattered in our history anyways .
they just played in the sand for hundreeds of years
yeah that was the joke apparently not a good one .
vlad because i googled the game back in 2010 and his was the first champion spotlight to appear
you read a little deeper into that than i intended but what ever .
that was my dictionaryless attempt at saying i have n't finished the whole thing and i know much less than that anyway ''
i wan na be fluent in serûl eventually but i ca n't seem to find the time to really commit to learning vocabulary .
i will probably have all the morphology down before i know even a quarter of the verbs .
he failed to mention the woman he 's referring to the little girl whom he drew a red line coming out of her forehead straight into the woman 's right nipple .
i 'm curious do you use the terms stream sniping '' and stream cheating '' interchangeably ?
do you think people are actively watching your stream while playing against you ?
or do you think that they are simply queuing up for a game at the same time as you ?
your submission has been temporarily hidden because your account has a low amount of karma or is relatively new .
if this post is about bungie 's game called destiny '' you 're looking for r/destinythegame not r/destiny .
this is an automatic process and was put in place to combat spam and ban evading .
please message the mods by filling out this short form http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdestiny amp subject=post 20release 20request amp message=link 20to 20post 3a 20https www.reddit.com/r/destiny/comments/3z9gbq/looking_for_nm_kf_group 0a 0amessage 20to 20include 20with 20request 3a 20 and we 'll manually release it !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/destiny if you have any questions or concerns .
wrocław is must-see especially this year as it is european capital of culture and there is a lot of stuff going on around here .
that 70hour estimate is way off or then araxxi actually does damage very slowly .
they last 55hours of combat if you get 30ticks of degrade/min on average .
to count as degrading tick '' one of following needs to happen on that tick
fury drains 3 charges per use as it hits 3 times bleeds e.g .
there is a hard cap of 1 charge lost per tick 100 per minute .
am i the only one who noticed the jets have played literally no one this season ?
they played against the two worst divisions in football which are last time i checked are really really bad .
the chiefs had a easy second half but damn look at this schedule .
that 's one team with a for sure winning record and potentially two more if the redskins and texans win their final game .
at this point i 'd be contacting the banking comptroller for your state or even the federal comptroller .
that is a serious data breach and imo you need to also file with the local pd for identity fraud .
i 'd also go to r/legaladvice to see if you can make this stick .
perhaps then your mother will stop trying to know your banking information .
i 'll have to check out substance it 's one of those things that i 'd love to own but i just would n't use enough to justify the price .
it is just awesome though to watch giant time lapses of people working in substance so i 'll have to give that trial a try finally .
maybe you 'll have more luck than i did doing it as a woman .
it became too popular after it was mentioned on orange is the new black .
that sounds like it did n't get the right am service which would mean that either the kernel exploit failed result is n't checked because it 's a lazy build and the way fbi gets launched does make it less stable or that i put the wrong build in the zip .
you can have it professionally capped to match your others .
of course that 's the original plan but looks like it 's not working
4 or 6 guys are the main contributors ms employees and that 's not enough to even implement ios 6 level features .
i am sorry but what was promised in the project islandwood session video and what was finally presented are two completely different things .
the project is in a pitiful state with a quasy archaic ios 6 level api and even as that so much of it is implemented as stubs or worse in a very naive and incorrect manner .
this project is at least two years away from being able to call it remotely ready by which time it would be five years of api behind the times ...
i am sorry but to me this project seems like a pr stunt by microsoft .
it is not taken seriously ... what is that ?
i think you are missing the point of the project .
it was supposed to let ios software developers take an existing project and with minimal effort port it to windows mobile which is in dire need of software .
tl dr what was promised in the project islandwood session video and what was finally presented are two completely different things .
i am sorry but to me this project seems like a pr stunt by microsoft .
this big bash has had so much history this week !
1 i 've put this a but further up too but is there a guide of something to go by to show an ideal position for them ?
2 this is something i 'll hopefully be able to sort with the heavier battery i 've got
3 the motor came off a bigger piper cub model which did n't like to glide so i 'm hoping it should be enough but i agree a new motor and a lipo are on my shopping list
i smoke everyday and do not consider myself a loser . ''
from what i 've read around it looks like ian 's going to go through a ton of character development this season .
he 's probably feeling really low and lost and i got that from the first episode .
he was there in a lot of scenes but poor guy was just skulking about .
when you buy many nerks and use them all then record what you got
further down in the thread the op states that the damage was caused by an exploding tire .
so i 'm not sure how the side damage was caused .
ah i love deep ellum but i got followed for a few blocks there about a month ago .
but that had never happened to me there before .
homeless man who wanted to compliment my backside ... for several blocks
most of my regret would be not having mine sooner like 10 years ago
of course the main thing there was that i was in no position to have kids then so that 's probably a thing to regret as well .
can you go into more detail about the stretches '' you usually would n't do for breaking ?
i can also tell you that the language is not appropriate if you want to continue the conversation .
if you continue with the language you show that you do n't mutually respect the person in the conversation .
you therefore are responsible for not honoring the request .
and without mutual agreement for the terms of a conversation i do n't see what you are intending to get out of a conversation .
then you are talking at a person not with them .
i do n't think it 's about money anymore .
he got his attention in his last match it was hyped and now when the hype is dead and more people focus their interest in ufc he 's pissed .
i think it grinds his gears that ufc is getting bigger .
my industry is all about networking and if i need to jump at the chance to get a coffee with someone to discuss a project i need to take it also i live 35 minutes out of the city .
i mean as in i pray to thousands of gods '' like the god of please bladder hold for 3 more minutes '' the god of mouse batteries holding unti the end of the game to die '' the god of there 's still coconut mik in the pantry right ?
and the most often prayed to the god of may this game run on my rig please '' .
obviously zildrog being a dragon aka lizard and kephess being trandoshan aka lizard that can not be a coincidence ...
i agree a stamp is a stamp but if the brand becomes popular the early bars and low sn 's may command a premium.look at yps and his early pours .
i think i 'll be using the windmill mod .
interested in a karambit fade 70/29/1 15 keys and ft ak misty for your karambit ?
for beginners it often helps to wait what the brain will start thinking next which will cause silence .
i realize that thoughts are just reflections of what 's going on inside which helped me a lot going through phases of negativity and well let 's call it what it is depression .
often it also helps me to eat though some people might not have such an inbalance like i do .
i 'm not af risk getting fat though so it 's a great idea for me to grab food to raise my mood .
reinstall windows on the ssd then reinstall core programs steam chrome music player on it too .
keep your steam library on the hdd then just point steam steam preferences downloads manage libraries to your games and voila .
we are just exposing one of the routine lies that kejriwal tells .
i found another site that did it that actually showed you what it was picking up and it appeared to be stuff like 2.a game test . ''
so i 'm not actually as concerned as i was .
can a lawyer from a top law school who has 8 houses and a bentley but also crippling depression really claim to be above average joe ?
joe does n't make as much money but he has a family hobbies friends and memories of all the cool shit he did while not being a workaholic .
you seem to have a very narrow metric for success .
if a guy is happier streaming on twitch making 30k a year than he is working for google coding all day for 80k is he less successful than he could have been ?
this is n't canon but i liked this idea from van buren .
vb states that after the oil rig was destroyed the enclave realized that the chosen one had traveled across the ocean from san francisco and so destroyed san fran in retaliation .
the thing i like about this is regardless of what you did in san francisco there is no canonical answer .
since now both the shi and hubologists have been permanently destroyed they can not return and say what the chosen one did/did n't do in san fran .
i use vanilla isopure you can order it from various online realtors i 've used iherb
i would add cockrell nix allen and boykin to the must signs honestly .
apparently the vault that their founders came from was pumped with trace amounts of fev sir . ''
interesting that they did a thorium density map too .
the thorium reactor project was in the works at the time of the first moon landings at oak ridge ...
it 's not a terrible game it 's just that dishonored came out first and did it better .
the reason i do n't like the anti valve circle jerk is that you guys always complain and you still buy from steam .
i keep some rubber plates outside where they 're not directly exposed to the sun or get wet but i 'm not sure if that will damage them over time nonetheless .
the bar stays inside because suppose it 'll be very prone to oxidise and rust .
so when someone says nofap did nothing for them ''
most of guys saying that do not even remember what a life is without pmo i bet they have n't even tried to last 30 days of hardmode .
and when a women argue that pmo is normal for men.. well no comment
just something offtopic but should dawn go for war god or life drinker ?
that 's not fair miller u know we miss u
what did he expect it was a scavenger hunt ?
you are not allowed to post friend codes or other large quantities of numbers in your comments they must be in your flair solely .
please make a new post that contains neither friend codes nor large quantities of numbers .
written numbers like one two etc count as well .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/friendsafari if you have any questions or concerns .
i feel like if it had to do with those they would have actually used one of the glyphs .
also as far as i can tell they do n't have any meaning which would mean that even if it were one of those glyphs it would make the clue indecipherable and nothing more than an obtuse reference .
the host gamertag needs to add you as a friend in order for you to join .
dolphin is what happens when you have people who are very experienced with software architecture leading and working together on things such as tools backend stuff debugging automated testing etc ...
better tools easier to figure out bugs easier to implement new features .
also it 's a nintendo platform so almost by default you 're going to have more people working on it than pcsx2 .
it 's worth noting that it took dolphin a long time to actually get that kind of team .
in the early days it was just a few hackers now they have a ton of contributors and good infrastructure to support it .
no reason pcsx2 could n't get there too if it is n't already .
i 'm not even a huge trump supporter but that is very impressive .
satyaraj 's alva and malli poo offering in amaithipadai is a symbolic reference to government freebies like a fan tv and grinder .
the girl with the bastard child after the affair is the people of tn who bear the burden of their stupidity .
as a crocheter going into this whole new world i just love cross stitching .
i 've made my first two pieces for friends and i would love to do more .
however i 'm a bit tight on money so i was wondering if a site/app exists at all for threads you do n't want to put to waste ?
voltage gaming is looking for a smite team to recruit .
please hit me up on here twitter is www.twitter.com/voltagegamingco or at our email voltagegamingcommunity1 gmail.com
defending on a splitter type usually becomes more and more favorable relative to attacking the bigger the splitter gets assuming the same attack to absorb tradeoff .
for example if the biggest absorber is wall attacking with doomed mech gives up two absorb for two attack and it 's four/four for arka sodara .
however i want to hold arka more than i want to hold doomed mech since the amount of extra defense i do n't have to buy that turn is greater 7 points rather than 5 .
based on this if the game designers wanted to make it a maximally hard decision whether to defend or attack with each splitter type they might do something where once the splitter gets big enough the health drops a point relative to the attack value .
anyone know why this might be or devs care to comment ?
what other considerations are there in choosing health and attack numbers for splitters besides making the click decision difficult ?
i am completely new to competitive and i have had really bad luck with match making .
i have played 6 matches so far and only one win .
i want to improve and play with a team that talks and works together .
i 'm getting tired of uncooperative teammates and losing .
edit my most recent match i had 3 bots on my team
i was wondering if a neural network could be used in the following way and maybe some if you has some insights .
i want to present the network a couple of inputs .
those inputs represent different options to choose from i. e. different behaviours .
then the network does it 's thing and gives back an output .
based on the highest output value the network would have made a choice '' .
based on it 's behaviour the player gets to treat or punish the ai .
but here is my problem i have no right/wrong for every node since the node represents a single behaviour .
i just do n't want that single node to activate .
so when i adjudt the weights do i just change the values that lead to that particular node ?
it seems a bit off because only a part of the network would learn '' each time .
is it possible to use techniques like back propagation in a mimo network on one output and the connections leading to it ?
or do i have to touch the whole network each iteration ?
i now have at least 70000000 experience points in the constitution skill .
would it be worth it in the long run to get skylake ?
i know this month 's hoh is light but does anybody know what mon it is ?
so i used to take adderall all the time and have no problems but i decided to quit and tapered off and went clean a few months .
now i am trying to start up moderate use again but even 5mg seems like an atom bomb to my brain .
i seriously just take flakes 1mg if that ... honestly lately i ca n't even take adderall at all i take dexedrine if anything but it does n't motivate me in the same way adderall used to .
most of the time i just get really sleepy and end up falling asleep and using the afterglow motivation once im rested .
i always feel like the anxiety blocks my ability to think clearly and i get the urge to take a dose of xanax to curb the edgy feeling .
i think i remember taking 1mg of klonopin and some hydros just to chill out that initial first few weeks ... thinking maybe i should try something similar again .
i really need to be able to tolerate this drug and i ca n't figure out why i ca n't .
i have a slight benzo tolerance right now like .5 mg a day so benzos seem less effective .
i also smoke weed not on adderall but i usually have a bowl in the morning dunno if that matters ?
i do n't remember having such a problem before ... the adderall would just kick in and i would feel great and do a bunch of stuff now its like an anxiety attack mixed with uncontrollable irritability .
can only take dexedrine but it puts me to sleep then i wake up semi-motivated .
once the mohammedans pull it down you wo n't have to worry about that anymore .
the challenge thing is still pretty new and we 're still working out kinks and the best way to keep things fair and have them flow smoothly .
we 've added new challenge winner awards which appear as a flair badge next to challenge winners names when they comment .
currently we have one for a vanilla win and one for a modded win .
i expect these may evolve a bit as time goes on along with navigation options in the sidebar .
next because so many people got in their submissions right at the last minute relatively few people have seen them .
this gives a huge advantage to those who got it in early .
we 're going to keep voting open for 2 more days .
the threads are locked submissions are no longer allowed for a night at the inn '' but voting will go late into the pst night on tuesday .
if you have n't taken a look at the newer submissions go ahead and check them out .
remember to hit show replies to read comments people have made on them .
vote for modded a night at the inn '' https www.reddit.com/r/falloutsettlements/comments/3yglqh/settlement_challenge_a_night_at_the_inn_modded
vote for unmodded a night at the inn '' https www.reddit.com/r/falloutsettlements/comments/3yglbm/settlement_challenge_a_night_at_the_inn
we will also have links up in the sidebar soon for current voting and past contests .
please give your suggestions and comments on these challenges in this thread https www.reddit.com/r/falloutsettlements/comments/3xp1b0/we_need_some_input_from_you_guys_regarding ideas for future challenges how to make things run better anything you got .
a portion of your settlers have united in faith and chosen abernathy farm as the location they wish to be-cloister themselves .
they 've tasked you most logically as the general of the minutemen with building them an abbey https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abbey for their old/new/postapocalyptic/atom praising/post future cyberpunk/whatever else you happen to come up with 's leaders .
abernathy farm is fairly large and has a ridiculously high build ceiling .
abrnathy can be found here https 3m6ok5roj7q1lfxor15yilh164s-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/fallout4settlementguideabernathyfarm-4-1024x564.jpg picture totally taken from this https www.pixeldynamo.com/guides/2015/11/11/87104/build-better-settlements-fallout-4 convenient basic build tutorial because i 'm a lazy sod who could n't be assed to do it myself while also writing all this so thanks
you must present your submission in this thread as a top level comment .
this helps voters compare submissions and puts everybody on a more equal footing if they do n't have fancy video capture software .
you can also have a youtube or other video tour but your submission will not qualify without 4 still photos .
submissions will be open until sunday 1/10/15 at which time the threads will be locked and voting will take place for 2 more days .
this post is run in contest mode which means posts show up randomized and scores are hidden until completion to giver later entries more visibility .
if you 'd like to submit a vanilla/unmodded build please post over here https www.reddit.com/r/falloutsettlements/comments/3zd36r/settlement_challenge_abernathy_abbey
top level comments in this thread are for submissions only .
i 'd been going through my photo albums deleting duplicates and bad shots mostly and kept forgetting that in order to delete photos i have to hit cmd+del .
i had a few runs of deletes where i would only hit delete which only deletes them from the album and i want to go back and find them so i can properly delete them .
b/o 6k for ft redline with 4x dignitas holo cologne 2014
so it seems this sub is not active at all .
i live in woodland west and new years before midnight i heard shots and it seems like every night after i 've heard them as well .
i do n't like being the only one who texts first or initiates first .
it makes me feel confused even though men are often expected to be initiators and such .
i currently work full time for 12/hour and my pays usually range from 700 1000/bi-weekly .
i just recently moved in to an basement apartment .
power typically runs me about 50/month and 70/month for internet .
i have a cat that costs about 50/month to take care of .
i have to pay a 300 deposit on power and 150 deposit on internet for activations/setups/etc .
for some reason i just ca n't bring myself to not spend money as much as i know i need to .
is there any advice at all you can give me ?
this is a generic thread for frequently asked questions .
it may not always be 100 accurate as optimal builds tend to change with buffs nerfs and theorycrafting .
do not get mad at me or anyone else if you think something else is better instead share your ideas down below .
this is so people stop asking the same questions over and over and so people do n't have to read an entire guide for answers .
but they will be updated when new information is given and your feedback will help update them .
you can also ask for more questions to be added to the faq this is just the beginning .
build general rule of thumb always subject to preference circumstance and gold value when you 're shopping .
tiamat i upgrade to ravenous right after completing ghostblade .
pick up shiv/rfc ie and trinity and/or essence reaver depending on your preference in whichever order floats your boat .
final build at 50 min will probably look like ravenous youmuu 's shiv infinity edge trinity force essence reaver sold boots .
edit duskblade of draktharr dekar is a new item as of patch 6.3 and is certainly an acceptable build if you go ravenous/ghostblade/duskblade/trinity/item of your choice ie merc scim maw .
not necessarily better than the crit build but certainly effective yet to be determined if better or worse .
in the jungle you 'll probably just follow this build with an early warrior or skip the warrior entirely dependent on how hardcore you are .
maw is also a possibility to consider if against heavy ap .
as for bruiser rengar titanic cleaver and then full tank items seems to be the most effective build .
sterak 's gage is also pretty effective against heavy burst comps .
bruiser rengar as of season 6 is pretty much the only way to survive toplane against good junglers at the moment .
a mixture of titanic ghostblade cleaver something along those lines seems to be the most effective way to make it out of toplane alive currently .
hp seals acceptable dependent on preference but not usually .
choose between ad or armor pen for marks and quints .
ad makes it easier to last hit in lane and a bit better jungle clear early game .
it also gives some advantage in lane dependent on the opponent 's armor generally speaking ad is more effective than flat armor pen versus tanks but that 's not always the case .
you 're gon na have to experiment with these rune pages and see which you prefer .
cdr mr unless against a heavy ap toplane for glyphs .
cdr almost always is better in the jungle regardless .
decide if you want flat or a mixture of flat and some scaling cdr .
this will also depend on your build path preference .
prioritize the attack speed and double-edged sword in the ferocity tree .
then choose whether you prefer the minimal ad/ap or minimal lifesteal/spell vamp and the bounty hunter/oppressor .
personally i prefer oppressor due to the length of rengar 's decaying slows and snares but bounty hunter will outscale .
in the cunning tree personally i choose wanderer for the movespeed but savagery is also alright especially in the jungle .
bandit and dangerous game are both good bandit is n't helpful in the jungle so take dg for sure when jungling .
i 've seen people run intelligence for the 45 cdr cap and it 's definitely fine certainly in the jungle where you 'll get blue buffs and warrior for additional cdr opportunities .
18/12/0 is also very good as of patch 6.3 .
it was recently buffed and is definitely pretty effective in dishing out the deeps .
0/12/18 6/6/18 and 12/0/18 are all pretty effective variations of the mastery page you 'll want to run with the bruiser build .
take what you want and more prioritize from ferocity and cunning but focus your points in the defensive tree if you decide you want to brawl with titanic .
try recovery tough skin runic armor for the heals insight for the summoner spell cdr very strong your choice between legendary guardian and swiftness both great i value lg more for the teamfight tanking potential since i get movespeed anyways from cleaver and r but most importantly take grasp of the undying .
grasp of the undying is one of the best keystones in the game .
empowered q right as you get in leap range .
mid-air hit w and tiamat/hydra at the same time .
there 's a small delay of maybe .25s between using empowered q and the following regular q so get an auto attack in and animation cancel it into your regular q .
empowered q again if they 're somehow still alive .
if they are you probably jumped on a tank .
you 'll gain about 1 ferocity mid-air 1 ferocity from e 1 ferocity from w 1 ferocity from your regular q and a split second after you 'll get the last ferocity and be able to empowered q again .
mid-air aim and press empowered e right before you land .
again if timed and used properly almost impossible to miss .
immediately auto reset your jump with q and press w at the same time due to its lack of cast time .
point blank land your regular e on the snared target and cancel the throwing animation with an instant tiamat/hydra activation .
you can also tiamat/hydra and then use regular e last but finishing with the tiamat tends to cancel faster into the next auto attack should you need one .
after a moment you should have the ferocity for another empowered ability of your choice .
use 1 against champions you know you can burst in that combo squishies when you have 2 items or lower hp targets .
use 2 against champions you need to lock down .
also more effective prior to finishing 2 items in general since the snare has high base damage but gets outscaled by the empowered q .
exhaust is great against burst champions great for turning 1v2 's surviving ganks and other clutch situations and shutting down two targets in a teamfight one with your burst the other with this spell .
is harder to use effectively than ignite though so you may need to practice it .
ignite has higher kill pressure in lane depending on the situation and tends to be more effective versus champions with high healing properties such as vladimir nasus or mundo .
teleport has the best global pressure of course with the biggest issue is its lack of outplay potential .
you 're trading in the ability to win lane at times for the ability to win other people 's lanes for them .
as much as that might sound like a good idea it 's often more important that you get ahead than that your solo q teammates get ahead so it 's kinda iffy in the new season .
still acceptable probably still worth it against things like shen but otherwise i 'm less confident in taking it as i used to be .
if you 're gon na post a montage try to get clips that include bush mechanics and outplays rather than strings of oneshots .
you 're in a place full of rengar mains we are n't gon na ooh and ah your oneshots we do it all the time .
but we will be impressed if you display impressive skill with the champion .
im using a 360 controller and the left stick drifts either up wireless or down wired .
ive tried to use pinnacle game profiler or x360ce but for the life of me i cant figure how to make them work on gtav or at all ...
can anyone help me out and point me to a tutorial or a different way to do this ? ?
every time i hit the water i find the mother of pools holding fish but the water is too slow to get a good drift .
what are some techniques to get the fish to bite when the dry flies are n't working ?
seriously we have one of the most stacked rosters in the nfl but when rodgers goes down we go 8-7-1 understandanle .
mccarthy has been holding us back for years and is just killing the potential of aaron rodgers and is the result of a talented roster .
but there 's a plethora of excuses when all is said and done .
if sean payton is available this season he would be a much better option .
just curious as to what are the benefits of using a energizer lithium aa as opposed to a regular energizer aa in my thrunite t10 ?
where can i find afterword of the manga volumes until the current release ?
i am on a collection spree and i am doing the same with some other mangas too .
and i just saw him sitting buck naked in the middle of our locker room clipping his toenails .
the fact that a saw santa 's twin he better lay off the christmas cookies next year or that he was just letting his toenail clippings fly about everywhere .
it 's gon na be hard to get that image out of my head ... .
this is so stupid i ca n't believe i 'm writing a post about it but here it is .
over the last year i lost a lot of weight around 50 pounds .
i went from 210 to about 160 and i 've never felt better .
i worked my ass semi literally and the first month or so was absolute hell .
as someone who has been overweight since high school i am pretty proud of what i 've accomplished .
so anyway i put a few before and after pictures of myself on instagram i started last year as a new years resolution so it was like a one year update .
i 've found a lot of the people on there inspiring and wanted to tell my story and show a few pictures as well .
who knows maybe it will inspire someone as well .
well i get a text from my best friend saying this girl who went to our high school and grew up around us posted my pictures on her facebook saying i lost the weight due to her 'weight loss wraps ' .
i do n't know if you guys know what they are but it 's basically like saran wrap you wrap around your belly and it 's suppose to help you lose weight .
she sells it and i 'm 95 sure it 's bogus .
i do n't use facebook so i had a friend show me and there i am .
she did n't even have the courtesy to block out my face .
i suspect it 's because we have so many mutual friends and having it be someone they know saying the products 'worked ' for them holds a lot more sway .
i 'm pretty pissed i worked hard and feel like these products really take advantage of people who are looking for an easy fix .
so i messaged her on instagram just basically saying what are you doing take that down immediately and i 'm pretty sure she blocked me .
i ca n't see her insta any more but apparently the pictures are still on facebook .
i do n't mind the pictures on the internet obviously but it 's driving me nuts that people might think i lost the weight that way .
especially when i feel they take advantage of people .
tl dr old semi-friend is taking credit for my weight loss with her bogus wraps .
blocked me when i called her out on it .
im having trouble understanding why they could n't use the fact that his kit was opened then re-taped back together when nobody was supposed to have access to it before his lawyers .
i get that they used the blood sample testing regarding his blood in the car but why could n't they use the fact that his blood kit was tampered with in the first place ?
if the lawyers were trying to prove the case of police involvement in the evidence discovery would n't that fact be a smoking gun '' ?
i 've had at least some experience in modding i tinkered with flashcarts and homebrew on the ds have had cfw on my psp since forever modded the crap out of my wii .
i know it pays to be cautious and informed and know more or less what to do when i have things ready read instructions follow directions etc but i was hoping someone would n't mind answering a few questions for me .
i already have the basics down regarding getting hbl installed and running basic homebrew but for the more involved/risky stuff i 'm still a bit uninformed .
i 'm trying to wrap my head around everything that is entailed in hacking the 3ds what is required as well as what can be done and how and the resources that i can find are sometimes months old and/or contradict each other so i was hoping for some sort of comprehensive answer or at least a link to a good resource for each question from someone who is in the know .
i see hardmods being mentioned here and there as the primary way to create a backup of your system .
from my preliminary research it looks like this involves soldering a few contact points on the system board then using an sd adapter to access the system nand to read/write backups .
is is possible to create a nand backup without a hardmod ?
if i 'm on a later system version and want to try and downgrade would it dumb of me not to have it as a fallback ?
where can i find someone who would do this for me and how much would i expect to pay ?
emunand appears to be a way of making the system load a copy of your system nand from the sd card rather than the built-in emmc .
from what i can find you generally have to use some kind of exploit to boot into emunand from sysnand .
or is it possible to do only from within the ds and its sd card ?
when i boot into emunand do i then have all the capabilities as if i were running in sysnand ?
if my emunand gets fucked for some reason how do i restore functionality ?
is it as simple as restoring/removing the emunand partition/files on the sd card ?
is is possible to damage my sysnand from within emunand ?
what is the main reason s for using emunand ?
i have only a cursory knowledge of this subject for the 3ds such as a notion that retail carts are handled differently than digital content but beyond that i 'm pretty clueless .
my understanding is that it is possible without a 3ds flashcard to load and play roms dumped from retail carts .
if so how would you do this requirements files/tools procedures etc .
how is that different from digital eshop preloaded etc .
is it possible to create dumps/backups of content installed/inserted in your system through homebrew ?
say i have a retail cart of a game is it possible to dump the rom to the sd card or by some other method ?
how about installed games/content can they be ripped somehow ?
if there 's anything i should have asked or should know please mention that as well i want to make sure i have all my bases covered here .
hi everyone i 'm about to start my final independent project where the purpose if it is to change how a vegan lifestyle is perceived to your average joe and motivate him/her to adopt the lifestyle longterm .
i believe there 's a huge rise in veganism right now like there was on meditation/mindfulness a few years back but the resources to fully commit are n't there yet .
so i 'm curious as to hear your thoughts on what was your epiphany moment and diving into the vegan world ?
two noobs on the team so there is some extra time for explaining .
especially shooters what are some games you would recommend under 7.50 ?
im looking to be a full time tanker any faction and was wondering if there are any outfits on emerald that run dedicated armor squads .
tossing up the idea of a tattoo based on the bloodborne version of the moonlight blade but i 've been having trouble finding a good picture for reference .
does the old hunters guide happen to include any ?
bleacher report 's http bleacherreport.com team stream app is a good example
first thing you do is pick your favorite civs and stuff .
you then search for your favorite lore and oc and follow it to receive notifications .
there can be a companion for reading/posting in the sub including fan subs r/civbrfiction etc .
you could also watch/listen https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=zba_u5av65e to the br parts with the narration by u/burgerkrieg .
notifications for general announcements toggleable fun fact no correct spelling for that exists of course .
the rest would be like the companion top right of the sidebar which really needs an update .
some info like sparta 's ai bias is also missing .
this spawned off a comment i made in the steam group idea post .
if no one here can make apps i 'm sure someone on r/civ or civfanatics http www.civfanatics.com will .
hey everyone i 'm starting to take my photography a little more serious this year and i 'm wondering where you all prefer to sell your photos ?
i 've heard good things about 500px and smug mug but i 'm wanting to get your opinions on the matter .
i would like to upgrade to a flash based storage they do not have any cd/floppy drive .
i have the ability to plug the drive into my desktop via usb .
is there any way i can install a fresh copy of the os on to the drive ?
one of them came with windows 98 but it was customized to the company the person worked for .
so i want to install a fresh copy of windows 98 .
i have n't seen it anywhere in any patch notes or updates .
it 's a sizable nerf to the hero that he does n't really need ...
as the title suggests how does one include personal investing experience/interest into their resume ?
if i come from a non-finance background and want to express my interest in investing and convey some important investing lessons that are self-learnt ?
i have a lot of low tier knives ranging from 44 to 114 and was wondering if anyone would like to downgrade their more expensive knives to a lot of lower tier cheaper knives ?
send me a few high tier knives you would n't mind downgrading and i 'll send you an offer back with items worth equal to or more than the price of yours
one of my biggest fears is people burglarizing homes .
sure i can defend myself but i wish u would have stayed a little longer..maybe till i fully passed out that always helps.it 's also almost three in the morning and i do n't want to bother anyone who is sleeping just to babble on about this..i hope i f-can fall asleep soon .
i have been working in the public schools as an slp since 2008 .
i love being an slp but the stress of the public school system has gotten to be too much for me .
i feel i am unable to do my job well while fighting the education system .
i want to change directions and work for either a snf home heath or in the hospital setting .
the idea is very overwhelming because i have not done any swallow therapy or anything with adults in years .
i 'm currently engaged with veeam support but progress is slow .
drive 2 fails at 82.8gb out of 220gb everytime .
doing a sjds re watch and got curious about what julie 's been up to .
judging by their twitter accounts it looks like john and julie are n't together anymore ?
this may have been posted before but does anyone know what happened ?
also let 's get julie back on survivor plz .
undergraduate studies in london and then master 's degree completed in paris .
i grew up in the us and speak 3 languages french german and english .
have been working for a year at an ad agency as a strategist .
what are my options for moving to the us ?
want b/o of 79keys for the marble fade fn .
i 'm currently playing csgo on my old laptop which i feel is holding me back .
i 'm looking for a pc build that allows me to play csgo on high graphics and would like fps around 200 .
i do n't mind playing on medium graphics to get the fps up but would like to have a good 16:9 resolution .
my budget is between €450-550 and i will be buying the parts in sweden is this budget enough or do i need to increase it a bit ?
i will also invest in a display in addition to this and thinking of the benq xl2411z do you have any alternative suggestions around the same price tag with 144hz or is this a good display ?
this has probably come up several times by now .
i want to get involved in rust 's development .
however the information about the build system is scarce and scattered across multiple partly outdated sources .
so i am uncertain as to whether my build configuration is all that good .
that takes about one and a half hours to complete .
my machine is actually quite fast i7 32gb ram .
i also noticed that rustc utilizes one core only .
today i pulled in the changes from yesterday and rebuilt .
that took the same amount of time minus the initial llvm build .
i wonder if it is necessary to go through all the stages of bootstrapping with just a few changes .
if i just make a change to std do i have to rebuild the whole compiler again ?
i wonder how a seasoned rust contributor builds the compiler or just how her/his workflow is and what time that takes .
i thought i 'd share my experience with the suggestions made here
it seems that not doing a debug build and not disabling optimizations is the key as suggested by u/simonsapin .
i would not have thought that to make such a huge difference but apparently it does .
based on the suggestion by u/sanxiyn i passed virtually no options to configure besides enable-ccache .
the full initial build with llvm lasted roughly 19 minutes .
i went ahead and did another full initial build inside a ramdisk as proposed by u/wclaeder .
after a day i pulled in changes and rebuild in a ramdisk with
that used the blessed snapshot downloaded earlier to build the stage 1 compiler which is enough for testing i think .
this game is fantastic one of if not my favorite game out there at the moment .
but there 's something that sometimes really just kills it for me and that 's the god awful spawning system it has .
one moment you look behind you and there 's no zombies in site while kiting zombies on the other side the next thing you know you 're being hit from that same direction that you just looked at and there was nothing there just seconds prior to being struck .
it destroys the immersion of the game completely to have the thought of zombies just magically appearing out of thin air specifically for the intent of fucking you right in the ass .
sure it adds challenge to the game and i do love an apocalyptic style game that has challenge too it but zombies appearing out of what seems like complete nowhere is the wrong kind of challenge and needs to be fixed make it so when zombies spawn they can only spawn within a certain distance of you and do n't make it a close distance where you 're getting smacked from behind when there was nothing there 5 seconds beforehand make it so you would actually have to look in the distance quite a ways to see that there is a zombie out there that freshly spawned .
i 'm sure that i ca n't be speaking only for myself when i say that the spawn system is one of the worst issues if not the worst issue in the game as of now .
i hope that by the time this game is a full release it becomes fixed and until then all i can do is hope but if it happens to not be fixed i know that there will be plenty of disappointed people to see that this one terrible feature can essentially destroy the immersion of such a great video game for so many players .
when it first came out and was being translated by bagelson i really enjoyed it and then around chapter 25 it was dropped this was about a year ago .
recently i 've decided to get back into it and saw that zagreus is doing it .
after about 5 chapters i had to stop because the quality seemed pretty poor does anyone else feel that way ?
if you do do you think the quality improved in later chapters ?
also second question the requirements say 32gb of memory .
i 'm assuming that this is on top of the your host system so on my 32gb of ram i7 build wont run this ?
he 's been having low bloodsugar in the morning on relatively frequent occasions measured at 240 in the evening then wakes up at 92 or less the next morning disoriented .
his mitigation has been to eat more carbs in the evening with the effect that his evening measurements usually clock in at the 200 400 rate .
he takes lantus long-term insulin at night i believe around 20 units injected into the belly .
i am shocked by that it sounds as if he 's getting the worst of high and low blood sugar but i have too little insight .
my gut reaction was that he ought to take less insulin but from his logs it looks like he also often has nights starting in the 300s and ending above 150 in the morning .
do you guys have some observations/questions for him you can share to help me understand better ?
i heard these doctors are available at every home improvement store and do grinding and sawing etc .
i had one of my friends listen to zeiss contarex and he said that it sounded quite earthbound-esque .
can you think of any other autechre tracks that could easily fit into video games and if so what games ?
hi with the recent weapon gacha i got a few 4 star weapons just enough to combine for a weapon for ruushe .
just wondering what would be the best fist to craft for her now .
welcome to the episode 4 thread of the h3m cube and crew uhc !
do n't continue if you do not want to know what happens !
spoilers ahead sorry i was a few hours late i was working all day !
minecraft ultra hardcore is a gamemode originally created by guude and the group mindcrack .
in uhc mode health does not automatically regenerate so players must use a golden apple blood heads or instant health potion .
in this season of uhc we have 26 participants scattered across a 2000x2000 map with a shrinking border .
uploads are every other day at 3:30 est but some people may upload off-schedule
i am adding new content to the threads daily !
tell me of any additions and i 'll make sure to add you to the special thanks section !
alert me off any errors i may have made !
¤who do you think will get the most kills this season ?
answer these questions and i will feature it on the next mega-thread !
this season is hosted by the pack for a winter season of uhc !
feel free to voice your own predictions and thoughts on this episode in the comments section below .
all discussion about future episodes should also take place here until the megathread for episode 5 is published .
to join add your gamertag to the game lobby here https www.the100.io/quick_join/nhsh2wl0obc https www.the100.io/quick_join/nhsh2wl0obc
or you can reply to me here on reddit .
i 'll send invites on a first come first serve basis .
you can also use the chat on the game lobby page to communicate with me .
with ground engagements in yemen and naval battle in the red sea and around the straight of homuzl
link to tabletop simulator http store.steampowered.com/app/286160 it 's 10 on steam until tomorrow .
if you 'd like to play this with me add me on steam http steamcommunity.com/id/specificislander and i 'll set up a lobby !
i have no idea how to play only knowing how the game works through a youtube tutorial so let 's learn together or you can teach me !
since i have some time i wanted to catch up on redditizing my account .
i think this is really a perfect example of why enterprise gets unfairly shat upon especially when people accuse it of disrespecting the fact that it 's a lead-in to tos .
they hung such a painfully perfect lampshade on the question and they did it in such a passing comment that most of us or i at least did n't even realize what they 'd done .
about five minutes into terra prime soval says that spontaneous demonstrations have already started outside the vulcan compound and then the andorian ambassador chimes in there are protesters chanting outside the andorian embassy and they 're using words that are n't in the universal translator .
again sorry if i 've just managed to be oblivious to people talking about this but i feel like i 've never seen this point raised when the selective translation issue with the universal translator is brought up .
i 've seen the explanation of it 's a tv show and they 're trying to make it colorful '' ... but damn they just very casually went ahead and stuck that explanation into canon basically .
and sure there are some times where it ignores enough klingon in tng and ds9 that even this explanation starts to unravel a little ... but holy shit it 's such a painfully obvious lampshade to hang on the problem and coto is so good that he seems to have been able to slip it in there without anyone realizing he 'd done it .
the universal translator ignores some things because the people programming it were trying to be diplomatic about what they made it translate and keep pointless unnecessary misunderstandings from happening .
all the conversation i can remember seeing on this point has always skipped right past this point and to be clear i did n't really get into trek until after enterprise was over so it 's not like i 'm remembering conversations from the 1990s from before this was put into canon .
it really goes to show you how coto really just got trek on a fundamental level before he was put in charge and unlike earlier in ent and voy ... and the tng movies ... just embraced being trek and really just ran with it he knew on a personal level what trekkies wanted to see but was able to do it in a way without just turning it into stereotypically fanservicey fanfiction .
it could have been unintentional but given how coto dealt with the discrepancy of klingons ' appearance in tos vs tng i find it very hard to believe that that line from the andorian ambassador was n't very specifically slipped in there and to boot i 'll end on admitting that yeah maybe i 'm a little too enthusiastically impressed with how artfully he just casually slipped that line in there .
i 'll be using this for web browsing document editing light video editing and battlefront .
battlefront is the only game i 'll be playing 40 fps at medium-high settings .
i 'll be getting a gtx 980 ti along with the oculus rift eventually .
i 'm buying my parts in the u.s. and i 'd like to stay under 900 .
pcpartpicker part list http pcpartpicker.com/p/wjrtmp price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/p/wjrtmp/by_merchant
i was able to get the case for free and i 've determined that i can get everything for 882 .
in the discord chat clues-murder we have been trying to solve the mystery of zippy 's death while some theories were deflected this three stood for connecting stuff that was going around or because they are the most convincing ones we have made a small image with the most three discussed and approved '' theories something might be worth looking up here ?
http imgur.com/rueotby if you have any other theory jump in on the chat and tell us about it
if tscc can get their members to embrace this falsehood the member will end up putting pretty much whatever the tscc wants first even before the most basic needs of their own spouse children and themselves .
tscc knows this and takes full advantage of it at the expense of member families and their future descendants .
hey guys i 'm getting back into dripping of over a year of just using tanks .
i picked up a freak show mini today and some 26g x 32g clapton coils .
i 'm having issues getting decent cloud and flavor from whatever i build .
what are some tips for single coil clapton builds ?
then check out my forum i made dedicated to life is strange www.lifeisstrange.org
any suggestions to help better the website is greatly appreciated as well as any suggestions for a newbie on reddit .
i 'm not a rengar main yet but my friend rode the freelo train to gold .
is there any skin/ward/icon that rengar mains use a lot or enjoy ?
besides seeing adcs driven before them and hearing the lamentation of their supports ofc .
my life has derailed and i have daily fantasies of running away to start over or killing myself .
sometimes i feel so much love for my children i ca n't imagine leaving them and sometimes i hate my life so much that i cry .
i could have left the woman i married so easily without them .
my dreams have died and i am so trapped financially that i ca n't move forward .
i feel so much pain and guilt for my feelings and want a different life .
we are roommates who stay together because we barely make ends meet .
i torture myself because i had a chance at a good life and pissed it away .
i was first generation college mother father and brother do not have past a high school education .
i was going to be a professional and see the world and live in major cities .
i worked my ass off in high school and got into a good state school and was doing pretty good .
then i made the biggest fuckup of my life .
i knocked up a girl within 2 months of hooking up with her .
she was not in school she has no interest in education and still works in retail and is incapable of or disinterested in discussing ideas or anything that is n't family oriented or gossip .
she refused to abort or do adoption and my family and hers put so much pressure on me to do the right thing so i married her and tried to be a husband and father .
i was able to stay in school with the first kid but my grades started to get worse because i had no time to study .
i lost my scholarships and had to take unsubsidized loans .
with how much more i was working and staying up extra to take care of the baby i became depressed and full of constant stress .
my wife was miserable with me because i was constantly busy and stressed and we had no money and it would last more years .
she antagonized me to drop out to work f/t and earn real money .
i told her that was short sighted and i needed my degree and then a masters to really to give us a good life and we 'd be poor for a while but come out better for it .
i think she thought i would leave her if i did well .
i cried and cried and felt like my life was over .
after the next one i went on academic probation and got kicked out .
it was a dark time and i almost killed myself but the guilt of leaving them to fend for themselves stopped me .
i have no time and no money for hobbies or vacations or education .
even if i managed to go back it 's so much harder no that i failed out and i 'll never get into as good of a school again .
they are precious too and in those moments i feel like a monster for wanting to leave them .
i feel like i am going to kill myself if i do n't run away from this life .
i want to finish my degree and get a masters .
i want to move to sf or la or ny .
i want to be with someone i feel intellectually stimulated by who wants me .
i do n't want to be in a family anymore .
i ca n't handle how it has crushed my happiness .
i ca n't afford child support as a single father .
my wife is immature and messy and snaps at the kids when she 's frustrated .
if i have sole custody then i really will never go back to school and even though i love them living with children makes me miserable .
how do i get through being so stuck financially and emotionally ?
how do i find a way to be happy and not abandon my children ?
edit i wanted to note that moving in with either sets of our parents is not an option .
my parents are dirt poor and living on public assistance in a small 1bd .
my brother has such severe bi-polar that he was declared medically disabled and lives off disability benefits .
her brother is moderately successful but behaves like an ass shat .
we originally turned to him for help and he offered me a job with his construction business .
while i was grateful that we were n't on the street he also took advantage of me .
he used me as his office manager and personal assistant on top of my normal work and my hours and pay were absurd .
i 'm not going for bo jackson and i 've got about 40 logos .
i thought there was gon na be a set for these logos for an after christmas special but i guess not .
what should i do with them sell for 2k or use them in the sets to sell the players ?
just want the best way to make i really thought there was gon na be a set for the logos right now .
i remember there was at weak on ios 7 or 8 for cleaning cache from the springboard icon .
i do n't like cacheclearer from ryan petrich not sure about his name
i 'm trying to find a wood species that can be finished with a dark walnut like stain but offers a bit more warmth than walnut itself something just a bit more interesting .
sapele is an obvious option but i would really like some other ideas from the group .
thanks for the input i guess a better word would be interesting i 'm looking for a wood that offers some character like walnut but appeals to a high end home owner who wants something just a bit different .
i 'm looking at white walnut aka butternut black locust this is for an exterior door and maybe sycamore .
i walked into the evermore castle for a quest to see like 30-40 high levels hangin out and was curious as to what the deal is .
so i have a hp spectre x360 and i love it .
it 's not designed for gaming though so it 's kinda potato-ish in that field .
it rocks that intel hd 5500 graphics with 128mb vram though s
i heard of people making their own egpu and i 'm interested in this .
i was looking up tutorials for it and that but it said i needed either an expresscard slot which i do n't have an mpcie which should be inside my laptop but would n't be the most convenient way to connect it up or a thunderbolt port which i do n't have either .
would this work to connect my egpu up to my laptop ?
i 've not read the bible cover to cover in a llllooonnngggg time and i was a christian at the time .
i 've decided to undertake that again and make notes in it .
i 'm only five chapters into genesis and i 've already got hand cramps .
and before anyone points it out i know about the skeptic bible .
i 'm writing a java program that is supposed to remove consecutive duplicate words from a string case-insensitive .
according to stack exchange i have the regex right but it is n't working in all cases
my first guess was a case sensitivity issue but i used ? i in the regex and java 's built in pattern compile pattern.case_insensitive flag but neither seems to help .
it seems the problem comes in when the first duplicate is a different case than the original and the second duplicate is different as well as in for for for or hte hte hte any ideas how to get around this ?
edit more testing seems to suggest it 's a problem when the number of duplicates is odd .
so test test test still outputs test test but i 'm not sure how to fix this
how much is a .30 float redline with 4ibp non holo kato2014
i 've been seeing a lot of questions about how guardians permanently die '' lore-wise so i thought i 'd throw out an answer .
basically a guardians ability to be revived in the lore comes down to 2 factors his light and his ghost .
different races have different ways of going about trying to kill you .
so the longer you 're in the darkness of the hive or the more times you die the more light is stripped from you by the hive feeding off it .
eventually your light is gone completely and you return to the husk you once were .
as for the ghost method the cabal orbital bombardment is a perfect example .
by using such insane and intense levels of focused destruction on a guardian their ghost can be destroyed and so naturally the guardian has no way of being revived .
i 'm assuming that after this your light is slowly drained by enemies or just over time from you being too far from the traveler while dead '' so eventually you permanently die .
tl dr if you get stripped of your light or you 're separated from your ghost your fucked unless your toland .
currently i am having fun with the students in thailand .
do employers in japan provide housing or help one to find it ?
i 'm an american japanese with an online tefl .
found this hilarious post on fb just wanted to know where this wonderful scream came from .
so i 'm listening to joe bonamassa 's so what would i do ''
i 'm trying to solo around it but i 've noticed that the g minor pentatonic works with it but not always and then the a mior pentatonic also works at some points .
i know that the major and minor pentatonics are basically just a shift of the common scale shapes '' .
so the the g minot penta is the same as the a major penta right ?
do both scales work at seperate times because the song switches from major to minor in certain places ?
the g minor penta seems to work the most but droning the a root note during the song sounds the best and not the g note .
hello everyone please check out my new video of my team wgo battling .
i hope you enjoy leave a like and subscribe !
looking for something to watch wanted to re-watch amelie but it 's not on there .
they also did n't have star wars clone wars cartoon that i wanted to watch so any good arthouse style flicks ?
futures markets are open and the price of crude oil in the us and europe is surging on the back of increased tensions in the middle east after saudi arabia beheaded shiite cleric sheikh nimr al-nimr .
sitting around 38 a barrel in nymex futures trade crude was up a little more than 2.5 on the back of the news of the beheading .
oil settled back down in later trade and brent is up around 0.24 at 37.70 £25.59 at 7.15 a.m. gmt 2.15 a.m .
us west texas intermediate is up 1.31 at 37.52 £25.47 .
traders on forex markets remain fairly sanguine with the australian dollar and japanese yen both proxies for global risk appetite having moved only around 0.1 from their previous close .
i just bought the game and there are a few items i would like to have that were released before i bought it as free dlc .
now to the most asked question tell me the best mutual fund .
according to some numbers i crunched of the 90 large-cap schemes in the market between 2005 and 2014 only one scheme came at the top more than once that too just twice in this period .
a total of 17 schemes made it to the top three in all these years .
this means no one scheme makes it to the top year after year .
you do n't want to waste time chasing last year 's winners .
the question you should be asking is this tell me a consistent good-performer .
a consistent good-performer makes it to the top quartile for most part of its entire performance history .
thank you everyone who replied to the mod application post https www.reddit.com/r/coldwarpowers/comments/3ys6hv/modpost_mod_application_thread .
they 've been sent invites and will be added to mod ping .
i 've wanted a telescope for as long as i can remember and finally this christmas i got a celestron astromaster 90az .
i 've already taken a look at the moon and jupiter and was surprised at how quickly i was able to view them .
i 've been watching a lot of videos and doing a lot of research and i was looking into being able to photograph through the eyepiece .
everything i 've watched/read said you can easily do this with a mount and a dslr camera .
my girlfriend has a brand new sony a5100 mirrorless camera but it is not a dslr .
is it impossible to take photos with a camera like this ?
everything says dslr specifically so i 'm worried this may not be sufficient to take the photos i 'd like .
i 'm already looking into a kit with filters and a couple extra eyepieces but if we ca n't use her new camera to do the photography she has an older dslr that we may be able to use .
have any of you had any luck with photography with a camera like this or is a dslr the only way to go ?
also given the telescope i have if i get a kit with a 2x power lens can i expect to see more detail out of jupiter ?
i was able to see it plus about 4 of its moons but it only looked like a hazy dot .
can i expect to be able to maybe see some of the stripes once i have more magnification ?
i do n't have issues with socks and underwear like many people do .
i do however have a huge issue with pants or anything with a waist .
it 's gotten to the point where i wear dresses every day because they are the only clothes that are comfortable .
i also hate tags on clothes or seams that are along my neck and stomach .
usually that 's not a problem as i can easily clip them off most of the time .
are there any ways to make it so it 's not so bad ?
i was going to sell these to cardcash but figured i 'd see if anyone here was interested .
i just found this subreddit read the rules and hope i 'm doing this right but if not please let me know .
i have two itunes cards one for 50 and one for 25 that i 'd like to trade together .
i 'd prefer to trade for another gift card or combination of but i 'd also be open to paypal if trading is n't an option .
obviously i 'd love a 1:1 trade but i value lego walmart and amazon cards the highest and i 'm also flexible in terms of retailers especially if they sell lego !
pls advise which one would be most advisable for me ?
okay so i 've had this g2 on verizon for probably over two years now and it has been rooted since day one i got it and i 've tried many different roms in that time and was at bootstack 39a and sometime before that i had done a hard reset with flash tool before so i 've seen some things and i 've been through a few android phones with root on this unlimited data plan of mine .
but just recently within the last week a few days ago when i was using my g2 as a mobile hotspot as i 've done almost daily forever the damn tethering stopped and mobile hotspot '' went out on me .
the toggle switch would grey out and even if i tried connecting my g2 to wifi it would just say turning on ... '' and never click on .
oh and i kept getting the unfortunately bluetooth share has stopped '' pop-up which i still do n't know what brought that on .
so i tried installing different roms and twrp backups i had and still everything would not allow me to use mobile hotspot or wifi or bluetooth .
after looking through the menus in the networking areas i noticed that my wifi mac address '' and bluetooth address were both listed as unavailable '' .
googling issues involving unavailable mac addesses on android phones usually resulted in send it in for warranty replacement '' pretty much across the board .
somewhere along the line of installing roms i messed up and got an error in bootup .
i tried the flash tool unbricking guide and i could n't get my phone to connect or the software to upload .
then after a day away from it i looked some more guides up and found a guide using the 2014 version of flash tool .
i plugged my phone in my pc got to download mode and tried the 2014 flash tool and surprisingly it worked .
i was now back on stock 4.2.2 android on my g2 .
my data was working i was unrooted and mobile hotspot wanted me to give verizon 30 .
so i rooted the phone again using ioroot and then found the hotspotrevision.apk replacement from xda that removes the verizon interception and holy moly i am tethering again connecting my laptop and an iphone 5 via wifi from the g2 .
i decided to install flashify twrp and made a backup .
everything ran smooth for about 3 hours or so and then my internet cut off .
sure enough mobile hotspot cut off and wo n't reconnect and wifi bluetooth wo n't connect and once again contain unavailable mac addesses .
i attempted to restore my twrp backup from a few hours prior and succeeded but still all the wifi and bluetooth signals are shot .
i was thinking in the meantime maybe i should buy another used g2 off ebay or maybe even a used nexus 6 but now i 'm concerned over if this issue is on the phone end or the verizon network end .
i 've been using the same sim card ever since owning this phone in case that 's a factor or not .
tl dr unlimited data verizon user hotspot died mac addresses unavailable '' .
factory reset fixed the problem then hours later problem reappeared .
i really like sleepy indie music some general bands i like are bombay bicycle club flaws sufjan stevens little joy and iron wine .
some song specific but not generally how the artists usually writes examples are listed bellow .
i want a bed frame with drawers but my wife is worried that the lack of airflow will not be good during the rainy season .
ok so is there a way to request a forge map to be made in the community ?
i remember years ago there was a website where you could make forge blueprints for halo 3 for yourself .
is there some sort of way to make them now ?
multiple pages of blueprint would represent different elevated layers on the map ... or maybe you can make a single page that clearly shows which parts are elevated if easier that way .
i was thinking maybe people who want to make maps but want to rely on others to make their idea for them if they think they are bad at forge do n't have the time etc .
can make blueprints and submit them and have someone or multiple people forge their version of the blueprint in their free time .
maybe a place where you can write a detailed description and get a surprise forge made for you ?
or maybe there could be a lomg competition where forgers have to make 10 requested descriptions of requested maps and their game types .
the best maps are fearured and the best overall forger becomes the winner .
i only use a small section or corner of the washcloth for the toweling off step so 3/4 of the washcloth stays dry .
each time i wash my face i use a clean corner until i 've used the washcloth 4 times .
usually there 's a bit of makeup residue left on the corners that wo n't completely rinse off so it 's easy to tell which sides i 've used already .
a little less laundry than using a clean one only 1 time .
you ca n't go around telling the truth on the internet
your references are as dated as your knock-off amy winehouse look .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
please review our guidelines on what is acceptable as proof .
if you intend to submit public proof please edit a link to your proof into your current post and message the moderators by clicking here http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fiama subject=post 20review 20request message=i 20have 20added 20proof 20to 20my 20post 20please 20review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0a/r/iama/comments/3zdlcf/iama_20_year_old_girl_fuck_up_living_with_mom_and .
this must be proof a reasonable person believes verifies your claims .
the mods strongly encourage you to provide public proof .
if you absolutely can not provide public proof you can work with the moderation team to confidentially verify proof of your topic or subject .
to submit confidential proof please click here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fiama subject=need+confidential+verification message=my+ama+needs+to+remain+confidential. 0d 0a 0d 0amy+proof 3a 0d 0a 0d 0a 3cinsert+proof+for+verification+here 3e
if you believe you have received this message in error or have another question please message the mods by clicking here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/iama if you have any questions or concerns .
or as seen in the movie carrie behaving like her being stood up at the alter was worse and more important over miranda 's husband cheating on her .
they all babied her and comforted her even spoon feeding her when she would n't get out of bed for three days straight .
pretty much leaving miranda to deal with her shit on her own .
all she seemed to get from them was that sucks . ''
that shit bothered me the most in the movie .
mr. big was n't exactly known for his faithfulness .
he was constantly in and out of carrie 's life like i want you .
he was afraid of commitment more so than carrie imo .
so him standing up carrie at the alter while still a shit thing to do to someone should n't have come as a surprise .
ffs they even cheated with each other while seeing other people !
mr. big was married during their cheating escapades too .
i literally called ... let me pull up my list ... 28 different places 20 places directly and eight separate insurance brokers and the only offers i got were extremely expensive 80/month and required my room mates to also purchase the insurance .
if you can point me to a better place i 'm happy to take a look or give you a call .
i do n't understand why r/pokemon is so obsessed with eevelutions and having things revolve around them ...
i think they won their first five then lost six ?
pizza and bagels are top notch and the main thing that i miss .
if you could provide a reasonable source but otherwise smacks of 100 grade a horse shit .
i do n't think what you 're suggesting is even possible .
your resolution was to lose weight there was never a stipulation that it had to stay lost .
looking for build help with a first time build .
going to bed but will definitely check in and reply tomorrow .
those two specific weapons were always that way they never took etheric light .
not nearly as much content since they just finished season 2 but i 'd recommend rick and morty dan harmon 's cartoon show .
i 'd also recommend the office parks and rec scrubs and 30 rock .
i 've talked to him on multiple occasions never once has he not acted like a whiny child or an arogant prick .
the hate is well justified but honestly we should just stop giving this clown attention it 's far more tha he deserves and having a player like him as a well known player is a net loss for the game .
i do this a surprising amount of times because i 'm so clumsy that i drop things a lot and yet paradoxically i catch the glasses plates and iphones as they are falling .
if you tried to through a football at me it would hit me square in the nose marsha brady style 90 of the time .
but if you dropped a football and i saw it out of the corner of my eye i 'd catch the shit out of it !
only issue i see is that all backup data was destroyed in the ant-man heist and the only existing suit exploded when it went subatomic .
its not wizardy its just good old fashioned meta data
ima go with tsm c9 immortals tl nrg rng rest dont matter all look pretty bad
a hot-shot race-car named lightning mcqueen gets waylaid in radiator springs where he finds the true meaning of friendship and family .
your problem is you have n't been to a badass underground rave .
i would probably think techno is shit too if all i heard was that mainstream garbage after my first rave i realized its the best music ever !
i did n't know they raised this high because i never checked my alt accounts .
thought i still had a few hundred in with a couple foil lgb but sold those as well apparently ...
i feel like a lot of the stuff in acok was added late grrm wrote much of agot and acok together all originally for what was to be the first volume of the trilogy .
late in the game he realized it would have to be more so he included things that led to future arcs .
the most standout 'late addition ' to me is reek/ramsay who can be omitted entirely from theon 's arc as we saw in the show when they adapted it .
it just became theon 's own choice something he did at he urging of one of his ironborn .
also a lot of the house of the undying feels like it was written to give him options vague metaphorical prophecies that can be anything he writes for them to be .
for 119 that 's insanely inexpensive i should check reviews he would love this thing .
i use them for some paths in the garden and it is his preferred place to go probably some other cats as well .
for the life of me i do n't understand why anyone would consider the ipad pro to be a compelling product .
unless you 're an apple fanboy it makes absolutely no sense to pay a premium laptop price for a device that lacks the versatility of a laptop and that does n't even let you access its file system .
relatedly the ipad pro is definitive proof that apple has jumped the shark .
could you ever imagine apple so blatantly copying a microsoft concept five years ago without shedding any of the limitations that make the ipad ill-suited to be a laptop replacement ?
please make this a writing prompt there must be someone who could make an entertaining story out of this .
this is a actually an anti drinking and drugs campaign directed at men if you or especially if you and a female are incapacitated due to drugs and alcohol you but not her will be held responsible .
so decide if the fleeting moment of chemical ecstasy is worth potentially years of punishment .
nothing i can say will fuck you up worse than the genes already did
as a th9 i hit a th8 whale yesterday who had full storages and clan castle and some in his collectors and 3 starred him for 520k of both gold and elixir and 1.5k dark
what should you do if someone becomes afflicted in the middle of a dungeon ?
i used umatrix and i only had to whitelist their cdn .
pull up a chair this year is gon na be great .
midichlorians say that a jedi 's connection to the force is because of something that occurs at a cellular level but then obi-wan can get cut down by vader have his physical body just disappear and then appear as a ghost .
how does someone having midichlorians running through their blood explain their connection to the force when they do n't have blood anymore ?
i may do some dry runs with bots when i get home .
how come you do n't have a cool flair ?
it 's a well orchestrated illusion that jail in the usa is rehabilitative .
this article is from the uk but has similar statistics to the usa http www.mirror.co.uk/authors/ampp3d-from-mirror/prison-doesnt-work-50-time-3748230 the figures are pretty dismal .
implementing systemic change in the way society treats offenders is something that will take a very long time .
so what is there to be done in crisis situations in the meantime ?
imagine a family member you cared about was living beside those people and junior '' was threatening them with a gun or repeatedly stealing from their vehicle as happened to the uploader of the video .
obviously the police are n't taking action or they would all already have been in jail since they are shown committing arrestable offences daily .
would you not want the person you cared about to have a solution immediately not years or decades from now ?
suddenly the solution is more complicated than some people are presenting it as is n't it ?
nearly all of the situations presented in the video are high risk for harm crisis situations .
and have had a deceptively easy schedule to end the season 5 backup qbs in a row !
i thought moto g2 was getting the soak tests done..
so shouldnt that be on the list as well ?
what 's a good online coop game in this winter sale ?
as long as your cake is n't a lie i 'll be your test subject !
i hope you are n't planning on mining them yourself .
in any case there 's some calculators out there for converting ore to minerals and then you could take that and plug in the mats needed for your project .
a chick can know what she wants and that can be the opposite of making the man her bitch .
i was confused why i kept getting it it was because piper was getting her ass kissed by mole rats .
would n't watch the movie good thing i 've seen it already
you can just map the buttons to the xbox controller pick a game cube title though it 's probably the most similar controller
it also helps that the carrier of dengue chikungunya and zyka is the aedes aegypty and not all mosquitoes .
also it depends on your purpose for going into public beta .
you might consider doing so if you feel like the core mechanics of the game fairly ready and you are looking for feedback on how it plays so that you can make adjustments and tighten up the game .
but at the same time you do n't want to had people something that is too buggy or unplayable because they 'll leave with a bad taste in their mouth and wo n't be likely to suggest it to their friends and wo n't be as keen on future updates on the game .
they 're just banned from pushing an agenda like they were doing with dog bite statistics a few years back .
the problem is that the ban is a ban on research that comes to any conclusion that could be construed as pushing gun regulation .
so it is effectively a ban on research because unless they know the outcome of a study ahead of time they ca n't research it .
just like how there is no gun show loophole '' because everyone selling at the gun show proper has to be a dealer .
and there is no internet loophole '' because guns sold and shipped have to go through a licensed dealer .
note how they leave out it is perfectly legal to negotiate a person to person transaction in either place then actually exchange the guns and money face to face in the parking lot with no check .
if all they want is to know if it 's a doctor or nurse issue they could ask if you want to see a doctor or a nurse .
you might not know what you want or you might not want to tell everyone about it .
it took around 5 hours to beat the game my first time around so i 'd definitely say he did n't get far enough in .
even longer than that time gary lineker shat himself ?
are you saying that kobe should be forced to quit basketball because of this comment you do n't understand ?
when reddit indicates that there are more comments than we can actually read it means that someone has been naughty at some point e.g .
by spamming or being a general pita and has thus been served with a shadowban r/shadowban .
basically it means anything they post to any sub-reddit other than the specific shadowban query ones will be invisible to others .
and look at what progressiveness has got us so far .
hillary clinton is a potential candidate trans people are n't being diagnosed as lunes ops post faggotry like it 'll be there last and muh rights are being taken away from owning assault rifle .
vikings lost one divisional game at home and altogether but the packers lost all their divisional games at lambeau .
lambeau is supposed to be nearly impossible to win at .
my problem is she wo n't need speed and hp for necro but will need a lot of those for raids .
download movie meet the parents 2000 '' butler sumotorrent x264 no pay film hdts
male nurse greg focker meets his girlfriend 's parents before proposing but her suspicious father is every date 's worst nightmare .
█ ► watch meet the parents 2000 https linkesloder.ru/609j ? source=reddit keyword=meet 20the 20parents 202000
█ ► download meet the parents 2000 https linkesloder.ru/609j ? source=reddit keyword=meet 20the 20parents 202000
█ ► online meet the parents 2000 https linkesloder.ru/609j ? source=reddit keyword=meet 20the 20parents 202000
█ ► watch meet the parents 2000 https linkesloder.ru/609j ? source=reddit keyword=meet 20the 20parents 202000
█ ► download meet the parents 2000 https linkesloder.ru/609j ? source=reddit keyword=meet 20the 20parents 202000
█ ► online meet the parents 2000 https linkesloder.ru/609j ? source=reddit keyword=meet 20the 20parents 202000
wolf may be more or less of a semi-clone but it 's a big overstatement to say they 're exactly the same .
that 's the problem we just do n't know .
i am pretty sure there 's people in most factions doing it and many of them are justifying in the sense that it 's ok to employ the same tactic as is being used against them but i do believe the majority of players in powerplay enjoy the honest competitiveness .
perhaps more detail could be included in the figures as to allow us to see the cmdr names that are moving preps or nominations as to remove the anonymity .
people might be less likely to involve themselves in subterfuge if the light was shined upon them
if i had some in my car that did n't come out of my pockets after work i would use those but honestly i usually just did n't think of it until i was pulling out a fresh diaper .
late game stepping on 2 shrooms and having to back ... ..
redpillers compare themselves to george clooney and brad pitt all the time .
i would like that to be canon very much .
yeah but kitty ears and the constant pouting in every picture seems like a 15 year old to me
because of course they do calculations on everything but that .
hi i want 1 large pizza topped with tomatoes and bread
i 'm still regularly amazed at what we as a species can achieve .
fun fact laron profit tore his achilles subbing in for kobe in the 4th in that game .
not the answer you were looking for but something interesting anyways
or just look into the university at buffalo who 's graduate education school is actually ranked 76 by us news is very good and the entire university is highly ranked .
i knew a girl that had a very powerful odor .
it was not due to being clean some women just have funny chemistry down there .
the longest relationship she had was with a guy with no sense of smell ...
maybe with a lighter look you could be my type .
cant wait for ghosts 2 i reckon the movement system will be a mix between aw and bo3 im hoping for triple boost jump with jetpacks and aerial fights with no fall damage and na-45 please
my boy is going to fuck some one up !
not really but i know he will put a smile to my face .
danse just left my side when going through the bunker hil fight .
turns out i murdered a few civilians and he did n't appreciate that .
so a possibility will be that they take their ball and go home if they do n't like what you 're doing . ''
you 'll have the advantage of scaring the burglar and the disadvantage of getting an uninterrupted shoe right to your dick .
countries with high minimum wages like australia denmark and sweden dominate the upper end of the list .
neither denmark nor sweden have government mandated minimum wages so the whole argument fall flat .
what they 've done is to embrace collective bargaining through unions .
there 's nothing that legally prevents mcdonald 's workers in the us from doing the same .
it also does n't make sense ... we do n't even have state income tax .
i was seriously confused if the dude with white hair was black and just has very faint pigment .
give me a little time to think thank you for the reply .
but they have n't they just added a third gender http www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-pacific-14926598 for people of no gender
rossi has been at the level below formula 1 since 2011 .
he came into the season with 32 gp2 starts to his name and a further 35 in formula renault 3.5 .
any attempts to twist him as some sort of rookie or in any way inexperienced this year is just plain wrong .
the most impressive year of his career was 2011 he then stagnated for three years putting in mediocre results in gp2 a grand total of 4 podiums in those 32 races for a couple of years before finding the right mix of team and experience to do well last year .
not saying he does n't deserve credit but saying that his junior record 'proves ' that he deserves an f1 seat is a bit of a stretch because its not really any better than a lot of other drivers and they ca n't all get a seat .
he spent most of his career bar a couple of years firmly in the upper midfield in various categories with brief forays to the front on occasion .
rossi is one of those drivers whom it would n't be a travesty to see getting an f1 seat but it also would n't be a travesty to see him never start another gp either .
cm is my most comfortable hero but i am hesitant to first pick her because so many heroes can feed off her low hp and movement .
my skill build is usually 1 point frostbite then 2 mana and then maxing q .
gives everyone a good mana regen her a way to farm jungle and the q is great for ganking and clearing waves .
i tend to go tranquils because she really needs the movement speed and with so little hp it makes it important to be a 100 all the time .
i either go drum or point booster early on to supplement her low hp and mana pool .
starting items usually are tangos courier 2 wards mana pot ring of protection and fill rest up with smoke or branches .
come to think of it though i might have to try treads/veil on her instead at some point .
provides the hp regen hp armour and a damage bonus .
i do n't consider aether lens to be a good pickup for her .
expensive and uses a slot that is better used by something else e.g .
i wish the 3 different stock oem ford part varients as well as the saleen parts were available for the foxbody so that stupid kit would n't be the only thing people use
it would not really matter when it 's like the image op posted they would just find the original image and type the same text on it .
i do that when i work mornings because i 'm regularly on nights .
i just laugh at myself and look crazy when it happens .
apart from the random scene cuts to ... shaking the buttocks ... those are all real gym exercises though she 's using barely any weight .
remove those stupid scenes add a little weight and that 's a decent glut workout video .
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
footer if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
well ... at least that was better than another picture of her .
that you think there are other ways to the truth '' is a common enough occurence caused by people never learning how to think .
which means we live on a world full of perpetual five year olds and that 's a huge fucking problem for the human race as a whole .
it means people like ted cruz are taken seriously .
it means people deny evolution climate change and vaccine efficacy .
it means people act from their emotions because they never learned how to reason .
dc has action figures of it 's female heroin ?
got my uoc no st like many of the others ...
generally you should be counting your big blinds at all stages of a tournament imo .
i walk out of bathroom with my work clothes on at normal time i go to work
i specifically booed on a crucial third down play when manning could have hobbled for the first and instead forced a pass thirty yards down field into double coverage leading to the drive stalling .
that was a hot topic of discussion that week in denver and the reason many broncos fans are iffy on the guy to this day .
if someone has a bad day play with those whom also has a bad day instead of ruining those having a good day .
the fact is the environment there is n't that bad not worse than your average game that happened to have someone flaming .
the only problem is if you have enough player in the pool which should not be a problem for lol .
he nodded grinning back as he walked to the bed opening his arms for her .
crowded is the right word and that too apply on locality .
center stations where metros interconnect or people switch metros origin/end of route stations are usually crowded .
i had a first gen ipad mini and it came with a 10w charger
actually i think the most sensible thing is to equally value function and form .
they often depend on each other and my enjoyment of an app will be limited by its form regardless of the function .
i will enjoy an app that only does basic things as long as it does those things very well and is pleasant to use .
aaaah i like the panthenol ointment for both tattoos and very chapped lips it helps me a lot
and all across reddit was the silence of no one fapping .
pfft but like the bears are n't my favorite team so who cares if they take your coaches !
i ca n't wait till i 'm good enough that that is relevant .
so far only 1 flash drive failed that was due to my fault physical damage .
we already have so much invested in drugs and money laundering .
before we ask for advice let 's wait for riot to release his kit .
maybe we 're way off and it 's some sort of hand-gun wielding rogue .
we 're just going to have to wait for riot to speak .
well while he does have an unhealthy obsession do we know that he actually has some sort of sexual attraction towards kids ?
it also seems weird to think that somebody does n't have to have done anything i always thought of paedophile as being somebody who has actually committed acts .
why would she be the one to grow around the seat when it was poor ben she had made sit there this whole time ?
it only blocks you from using the russian/eune servers .
the russians can still connect to euw or eune if they want to but then they will have shit ping which makes it worse for everybody .
it 's emacs that makes you look like a m4d 31337 h4xx0r
my linear algebra professor was terrible so i ended up learning the entire course from mit lectures on youtube .
the corn laws were about import taxation not wealth inequality .
if you 're so unhappy with reddit then go somewhere else ?
i imagine the wiiu game pad actually being very useful .
to be able to manage your inventory or have a map on it continually .
my latest idea was that samsung re-designs the gear vr to have a metal faceplate instead of plastic and the metal also flows around the inside of the gearvr up and near the ears and down on the bottom just a thick stripe of metal that 's connected to the metal faceplate .
then whatever phone you sit in the gearvr the heat conducts against the metal and spreads throughout the gearvr dissipating it into your face to keep your warm in cold climates or in winter .
in summer a fan can be used that sucks the air inward and blows it out the bottom channeling the heat away from your face .
in other words just spread the heat from the phone over a larger surface area so that the phone 's heat is being drawn out and spread out over a larger volume of space .
that would keep the phone 's top temperatures a lot lower by sharing the heat with the gearvr .
this would have the additional effect of having the gearvr become fog free '' since the reason fogging occurs is that you are putting a cold device against a warm face creating condensation fog .
but if the device is pre-warmed by contact from your phone there wo n't be any fogging anymore .
and it would only cost samsung a few dollars more per phone to manufacture the extra metal into the hmd .
one caveat is the s6 is made of glass on the back so a special metal cover would need to be made to capture the heat coming out and help it transfer to the gearvr .
this case would now cause the s6 to fit in the gearvr by adjusting the sliding usb dock to the largest setting instead of the smaller one .
once in a blue moon something comes up on 'brætspil i aarhus ' or 'aarhus brætspilscafés gruppe '
why do ppl want their kids ' faces on reddit so stupid just think about it for one second
it 's easy to imagine you might be happier without a constant technological substitute for interaction in your pocket facebook and maybe you would but i bet you do n't feel the same way about ac and lightbulbs .
i do n't mean to shoot you down but a lot of people seem to think they 'd be better off without 'technology ' but they 're only paying attention to the negative bits .
you do n't have to live in a jungle to find balance in your life .
i used to do vero l shannard bella chasun .
you actually read the reply read the name and still replied back as if it was n't a bot .
fyi niche '' is also commonly pronounced neesh '' in the us .
i 'd say even more common than nitch '' but both are used quite a lot .
would n't be surprised if she was angling for that break because she wanted to sleep with the other guy .
also would n't be surprised that this other guy was the reason that your relationship had been so shitty before the break .
it 's time to gather up whatever self respect you have left and walk away .
real shame that the xperia z1c a phone from 2014 is left out by sony .
i once dreamt i was shipwrecked on an island full of beautiful women .
when i woke i was naked and there looked to be a jellyfish on my stomach
we got blader then valkyrie and this is how people asked in the forum .
if i look what they want next then wizard is 100 coming .
we just got media ii so valencia i wizard comes soon .
i 'll be honest most creepypastas do n't scare me .
the problem is they often start well but end poorly .
they just trail off into a nonsense ending like they went to the stephen king school for writing an ending .
but to this day the one i really like was about doctor ramsey the creepy old man child molester who stalks the little girl .
i think it 's because it never left the real of reality .
3rd cousins ... totally legal in the u.s. and not that big of a risk genetics-wise .
link a clip of what they do so those of us who has n't seen it can take a shot at it .
but i 'm just going to guess they are expensive for the limited time they 'd get to be used
thank you very much my next vid will be solo cyno drops on carroers but surprise surprise nothing will be coming outa the cyno lol ...
i will taken your advise and make a hilarious vid for yall soon .
well if evidence does n't exist then i have no option but to lack any belief about that thing which you call god '' .
most flashes produce a pre-flash '' light to use to focus .
however it is just as easy to keep in your bag a small led flashlight to use for focus .
i have done portraits of people at night where they are properly exposed and have the milky way above them and have used a flashlight to focus them manually before taking the picture .
you are controlling chara 's body it 's jsut that the soul and determination are yours !
the more you kill '' the more you synchronise with the soul of the original chara the more you distance yourself and chara is able to get back her control .
as to where chara 's soul is well here ya go .
alphys states in the true lab entries i did it !
using the blueprints i managed to extract it '' which means that all of the blueprints she used was gaster 's .
which leads me to assume that either chara hated everyone because she was experimented on by gaster and she 's the reason sans lost everything or that chara is a homonculus created by gaster that can see and extract determination from fountains in the underground save points and is far more resilient than any other human simply because she 's a determination powerhouse otherwise the rest of the children would 've never died assuming that they could always replenish their determination .
btw gaster followers never tell you to which one of his creations fell into .
i guess an artificial human being would n't be able to feel ''
also did you notice how true lab 's door colors represent the colors of your soul as well as the colors used on you by the boss monsters ?
the usa is the only country to have visited every planet in the solar system .
by the look of your comments on this post no you 're not really interested in hearing other opinions .
if he actually told you that about gfcis he needs to be reported .
we should probably hope to expect one after a dvd release
note however that the sorry '' moves from image 2 to 3 in 2 it 's below butt '' in 3 it 's below 'not l ... '' .
low on tcgplayer unless someone shows me a lower ebay value
sugar has a smell but used panties definitely does not smell like it .
i do n't understand the reason why r wants us to grind the same missions/heists over and over again to be able to buy some stupid overpriced shit .
i think something like a 100 shark should be worth at least 50/75m gta..
i know texas ' economy is bigger than all f australia 's economy .
i do have 'meta ' on backwards it 's sat behind me right now in the trunk of an isuzu driving me to north bangkok ...
i do n't want the driver to think i 'm a falang baa by fishing it out and trying pulling a cap off and turning it 180 degrees to satisfy my ocd ... .
they take al-bab the sdf takes manbij then they connect the fronts on the highway between the two cities .
the sdf advances to the north saa to the south .
the kurds get to link the two cantons and saa will have a buffer zone between them and turkey .
edit and of course they also seal the border with turkey so no more supplies for isis .
i think the only way to bring in payet also would be to sell barkley for payet !
also would it be a good idea to sell mahrez for alli instead of de buryne ?
we are in the playoffs and as horrible as we 've looked for two weeks straight we still have a chance to go all the way .
but any given sunday i always have and always will believe that the packers can win .
would you rather he just sat down and cried ?
adults like you prevented kids like me from having access to support at an early age .
now i 'm 23 and fixing problems that should have been nipped in the bud years ago .
steam guard was mandatory for trading for a looong time already
the game is great but you have to know what you 're getting into .
i assume the 59 on steam is mainly from people who have experienced many of the performance problems which you may or may not experience .
the game is littered with stuttering crashing and all around stability problems but these problems only occur for some people on certain systems .
many people like myself have n't seen any problems other than the occasional freeze or stutter which is n't a huge deal .
now i may sound really negative towards the game but im still going to recommend you buy the game and give it a go because as it stands i have played 112hrs i 've only played 60hrs of boii and i still adore the game .
it 's done what aw wanted to do but ultimately failed at while still remaining grounded within the franchise .
so my recommendation is to read up on all the problems and their associated fixes buy the game play for an hour or so and see if you like it .
if you dont steam refund it and put the money else where .
tl dr game has performance problems but is still amazing .
buy the game being fully aware of its flawless and be prepared to refund the game if need be .
i was experiencing lots of issues on ios 9.0.2 as well .
most of them were not related to the jailbreak but were actual bugs in ios .
since i 've updated to 9.2 performance has been way better and most of the bugs are gone .
if you can live with the bugs stay on 9.0.2 !
we 're sorry but your post is in violation of our rules .
you must include a buyout in the post body of every thread posted exactly as specified in this thread http www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensivetrade/comments/2tdpzs/psa_there_is_now_a_buyout_feature_to unless there has been an exception made by the moderators for any particular reason .
please also take this time to examine our rules http www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensivetrade/wiki/rules for future reference .
if you intend to contact us about this action or any other ones please ensure that you have read this comment in its entirety making sure to read through any relevant links and make sure you grasp a full understanding of what it means before contacting us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensivetrade if you have any questions or concerns .
and you do n't get the inflated price tag from the badge on the hood .
kia 's come a very long way from what they used to be .
it 's not the pinnacle but they make very solid cars now .
but because i do n't care whether you think i 'm one or not makes me look like a cunt .
and then in an alternate universe you still decided to go for it the 44th time and/or further and got that cooler
wow horween leather and gyw for 142.50 isnt half bad at all .
i would 've copped if they had my size .
i once had a big unbelievable problem for six years .
i met god in a dream\vision talked briefly problem went away .
i would n't believe anyone who told me the same .
if proof was ever needed about that just remember that falling freedom destroyed a msf hospital .
i would like to see them try once the fbi and some real military men show up which needs to happen .
you should not be able to brandish your weapons and threaten people and get away with it .
the fact that everyone who helped cliven bundy is not in federal prison is nothing short of ridiculous .
in all likelihood though they have cancelled the cards and replaced the permit/driver 's license .
he may be happy to get his hunter/boater education certificate back though .
if it was n't winter break i 'd say drop it off at the high school but there may not be anyone there .
i 'm surprised there 's only one comment like this in this thread .
anytime anyone posts something with a cute kid in it the perverts come out of the woodwork .
boosting bass only tries makes the amp provide a stronger signal than it can .
so it clips '' the sine wave off at the peaks and turns your sub into a dc heating element on every stroke up and down .
yes absolutely about valuing yourself and your body 29 is nothing in the scheme of things and not all guys are shallow about looks .
not to mention that we are all our own worst critic so give yourself a break !
so ... when encountering an elephant always select the slowest of all available retreat options .
i have never worn anything else of theirs but my jacket still looks new after about 5 years .
i would contact them if it is n't resolved by now .
maybe a little bit of suppressed appetite and insomnia at worse .
it 's more about confronting those times that you 'd usually smoke like when nobody is around who disapproves or before bed when you wake up after work or whenever you usually use it and decide to not smoke .
for some people giving up their post work smoke can be the thing that relapses them but talking about it in these terms is really nothing like the typical opioid/stimulant/benzo/alcohol addiction .
i volunteer to be the employee that flips over flipped turtles in the tunnel .
i would personally try to find a 2013 nissan leaf sv trim .
the sv has features that would would take for granted such as bluetooth audio and cruise control .
also the 2013 models going forward have a heat-pump heater rather than a resistive heater .
that alone is worth ruling out the 2012 model which i think you already have .
actually i think college hook-up culture is quite overstated and is mainly confined to privileged demographics .
angrymetalguy metalstorm deathmetal.org mostly for their obsession of being contrarians
funny how kosovo a poor wartorn muslim '' country has a womam as a president while the usa the most progressive '' country stiol has n't .
funny how they ca n't keep up with poor eastern european countrys yet say they are better than all western european nations combined .
to other users posting on this thread and not to the submitter of this particular thread offering on price check and question threads is not allowed .
failure to abide by this rule may result in a temporary or permanent ban .
sharking is not tolerated here and any attempt made will result in a permanent ban .
please refer to our subreddit 's rules as well if you have any doubts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensivetrade if you have any questions or concerns .
availability generally before noon or later at night my time
because my timezone tends to be so opposite for most people i will add you once we get a rough plan worked out
the parts i saw were definitely live action and not animated .
importantly you could have used smc after the run is completed.
there are a total of 4 paid ability windows in which you could have done so before they get to spend a single click .
before you discard after you discard before their mandatory draw and after their mandatory draw.
edit totally forgot that ghost runner is only usable mid run .
if you wanted to use ghost runner credits for smc then since you are the active player you get to act first in any paid ability windows meaning you have the opportunity to use smc before they can rez and use jackson but if you do not use smc before priority is passed in a rez window then the corp may rez and use jackson at which point it is too late .
loki is better at stealth than ash thanks to longer invisibility and decoy teleport makes moving around the map and through traps a piece of cake .
ash p is a lot tankier than loki p .
loki is the cc god of warframe he is extremely beneficial in the form of crowd control and can easily revive allies thanks to invisibility .
ash does not have crowd control and he barely does anything to a team other than being an excellent killer and reviver .
ash is an assassin meant to be nowhere and everywhere at the same time backstabbing heavies and bladestorming crowds .
loki is meant to make sure he and the squad will never ever get hit thanks to him permanently removing all enemies weapons and also enraging enemies making them attack each other thanks to his augment .
loki is the better choice when comparing usability but i personally think that ash prime is more fun since you constantly utilize all of his abilities and you always need to be on the move he 's a very hectic frame .
you seem to have a mental block about the taking over federal property and explicitly threatening violence against anyone trying to remove you '' part .
protesting with a gun strapped to your hip is all fine and dandy but that 's not what 's going on in or .
especially if you have a double fire auto which would give you six shots per vats .
hokes is racist in at least 20 of their posts if not more
hmmm maybe cause she 's a filly an ' can get away with it .
the recent remasters are very good and easy to find .
the site has a working download button so maybe save yourself the effort and just use that one instead .
yeah the new friendly subs is only in new gen too iirc .
actually there were a few people but the vast majority could n't speak about it because emotions were high at the time .
it 's just a case of hater trying to bring it up like we all wanted to chase him when i reality it was the complete opposite and wanted roman out
i am not denying her abilities now but at the start of her career she was just grabbed and put on national tv and she did n't have any experience in the presenting or in sport .
i am not criticising her but the networks selection criteria .
everyone needs to start somewhere but it can not be denied that a major factor in her getting the job was her looks .
the only males i can think of that get commentary positions are those with experience in the sport except old school commentators like ray warren and bruce mcavaney although nothing pissed me off more than ray warren hosting the rugby union wc that he knew nothing about
i had no issues with the both of the newer wolfenstein games using my hd 7950 boost .
if you got it from steam and played 2 hours you can request a refund .
i5 3750k ca n't oc due to mobtherboard and 8gb ddr 3 1600mhz .
it 's tough but if you try mom and pop pharmacies you 'll have better luck
i know what you mean it will get less the more you play
this comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user apos s privacy .
it was created to help protect users from doxing stalking and harassment .
if you would also like to protect yourself add the chrome extension tampermonkey https chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo or the firefox extension greasemonkey https addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey and add this open source script https greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite .
then simply click on your username on reddit go to the comments tab scroll down as far as possibe hint use res http www.redditenhancementsuite.com and hit the new overwrite button at the top .
also please consider using voat.co https voat.co as an alternative to reddit as voat does not censor political content .
1 attentional blink is a temporal phenomena about attention deployed to one spatial location .
there are some extensions to attentional blink to include spatial-temporal features example .
but i am unsure how in these temporal-spatial extensions this phenomena would apply
if you consider the bible to be just about as divinely inspired as war and peace or jesus to embody god as much as cthulhu well some type of godly entity at least does in lovecraft 's books .
well that it might be divinely inspired does n't mean that the bible stops being literature .
as the old quote goes 'the bible may be more than any other book but it certainly is n't less than any other book ' .
any trade involving real-world money or the exchange of items/cash outside of the standard steam trading window should be treated with extra caution .
we strongly advise you to consult our guide on trading real world money http www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensivetrade/wiki/moneytrades and/or message the moderators of r/globaloffensivetrade with any questions or concerns at the link provided below .
it is not accusing you of being a scammer .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensivetrade if you have any questions or concerns .
also you called me sexist first but you keep on keeping on mr edgy non conformist internet user you !
would older ones count like dazed confused or fast times at ridegmont high although these are more likes dramas .
there are things like animal house and porkies set during college but they are 1970/80 's i believe
you must be getting such a great reception at cchq to keep this entire anti-corbyn shitpost extravaganza up .
but that does n't mean you have to get involved in drama .
you can downvote me if you feel like i 'm making fun of your love of cosplay or whatever i 'm not but understand that what makes it sad is getting shitty about what some yes sad dork is doing .
why give a fuck if he paid some convention to be called a guest ? ''
give you snowboarding ... . that no one will play .
give you blitzball ... that no one will play .
lov tt and chocobo racing show that these mini games are wastes of dev time .
the focus clearly needs to be on core content .
the thread is dead and op is 7 years old but i love it .
i went to a mates house several years ago during the holidays up in glasgow .
here 's me just sitting in their front room minding my own business when their grandad walks in .
he stood square in front of me pointed and said who the fuck are ye ?
any one else doing this i would be deeply offended but it was just his personality .
a lot like most of the people i met there .
also call center here i 'm absolutely dope at phone etiquette .
you best believe you 're hearing my name within the first few seconds of the call .
if i did that the nose would tip towards the ground even more !
it 's not that the wings are pushing the tail down its the opposite to what it should be
you 're right ... the experience could be invaluable against a few months of pay !
i 'm just scared to lose security of a job .
no need for a work permit this early if he 's going back on loan .
there are some bat files placed in your terraria directory nowadays so you can host a deticated server for steam friends .
when you play things off the sd card they are actually quietly copied to the wii 's internal memory first and actually run from that then copied back with any changes afterwards .
some games allow direct sd access like brawl but that has to be coded on an individual game basis .
looks like he is going to be sold in this transfer window it seems like he does n't feel home in istanbul and wants to go back to germany .
i just came back from a 10-day surf trip where i was basically in the sun and water from 8am-8pm everyday .
my husband and i did n't get a sunburn at all .
we only applied in the morning and that layer survived lots of surfing and swimming and snorkelling .
i find it greasy for everyday use but it 's perfect for outdoor activities especially in the water because you do n't get dry .
i find it leaves a slight white cast but it fades over time .
wow ... pictures of the phone instead of screenshots .
any chance you could share what paint colors you are working with for this one ?
i 'm learning to paint with the eventual goal of painting this set so any tips are appreciated .
if you just want someone to drive you around then des 's usually works out pretty cheap if you want someone with a bit of knowledge of the area you 're better off hitting up one of the proper tour bus places .
i 'd disagree and i watched it just the other day .
darth is really kind of a chill guy for such an evil dude .
he also seems to be on even ground with tarkin he just kinda does his own thing the whole movie like a really well trained and fearsome soldier .
he had no real depth or backstory yet just a fearsome antagonist .
for sure right about 2009 had a one bedroom for 875 small-ish 600 sqft but it was about 5 blocks away from the whole foods on 6th/lamar !
this was pre-lyft and uber so taxi was only option for parking free transport but usually i just took my chevro-legs as it was about 1-2 miles from my favorite spots !
it was a fun time but now i 'm in my 30 's so i 'm usually in bed by 11 .
i was actually just able to get two of these bundles thinking i would use the first and trade the second for really awesome stuff ... however both sets are locked !
does anyone know if there is a way to unlock one of these for trading ?
pedophilia is a term to describe people who are sexually attracted to prepubescent girls or boys but girls in this case and she have the body of a prepubescent girl saitama is 175cm and she barely makes it to his waist plus if you talk about her tits they are the same as a 10yo girl when she starts developing her breasts .
of course she is 28 but what do you think about someone who is sexually attracted to her body ?
it 's the same case from that gate girl she is a thousand years old but itami wo n't have sex with her because she is in a 10yo body and he is not attracted to her .
yeah i do n't see him being worse i 'm just worried about our run blocking now .
frisk smacking the reset button get these images out of my head now ! !
so being fed and just just juking a few xerath skill shots is an outplay '' ?
as a synth player she has very clean chops .
to me it 's more impressive the programming of all those presets .
i 'm guessing hortense as that was the name i gave my doll at that age .
you most likely just die and the revived guy still gets gibbed mid-revive .
also never use packs to yourself unless you have to .
spend the packs to your teammates and have max 1 charge for yourself in case shit hits the fan .
never stand behind the teammate because then you cant shoot anyone .
always throw few packs on corners where teammates can grab health mid duels .
if you get 2v1 or even 2v2 do the gibbing and let the other guy do the dueling .
pub is usually quite a shitfest but good place to train long pack throws to upper levels etc .
you can throw packs really far with long jump .
think about sawbonez like a mom who has to look after her dumbass kid running around with scissors .
hillary clinton is giving you a free solar panel .
i want to know where that money comes from .
do i pay it or does the oil industry ?
even trump has explained that he 's making mexico pay for his promises .
yes he has but lots of the games he 's in they do n't know how to build him .
king of the hill is secretly a campaign by the natural gas industry to get people to buy shitty propane grills .
for a dude who is such a specialist in one area of motorsport nico did n't actually look too bad on the bike .
not really into anime but avatar the last airbender and legend of korra follow up are awesome
it looks like you both had a great time .
you 'll get in and out faster while in combat but otherwise no .
no glitches or exploits as far as anyone knows .
i do n't really have much to say to help you except that i believe in you .
i think you really can find a parenting style that fits you and is effective with your kids .
i know it 's way harder to do than say and i can hear that right now you think you and your kids are doomed .
your frustrations sound very normal which is to say that you are n't a lost cause in the slightest .
i enjoy piv sex a lot and would feel like my sex life was lacking without it .
so it would be a deal breaker for me .
even if it is a fumble recovery he should get the yards he got after i think
the r. ost 's on the bathroom '' prince of darkness stage keep destroying me it 's annoying as fuck cause it does n't even feel that hard except for the fact i keep losing .
notable cats all true forms except island cat whale 's on 9 atm
specials all minus li'l nyandam and some limited event ones
rares all minus 7 most of those are expired monthly events i missed
supers castaway drama angry delinquent sexy bathtub butterfly sadako hacker gold fried shrimp dancing flasher all lvl20 crazed cats
obviously fake its common sense for example why would they still have air max independence days in stock .
i agree that would be a good last resort .
i just think they need to be on the same page now instead of when it 's too late .
i do n't want that filthy thing anywhere near my anus .
the guy goes through a table full of dishes stacked 10 feet high and is still hungry .
this comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user apos s privacy .
if you would like to do the same add the browser extension greasemonkey https addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey to firefox and add this open source script https greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite .
then simply click on your username on reddit go to the comments tab and hit the new overwrite button at the top .
can do that in new genesis/utopia wave whatever you wan na call them decks .
you just wanted to show off your cute animals .
5 games plenty especially if you watch most of the candidates for comparison .
the only weak thing about top 5 is lack of quality canadians .
might even be a draft where no canadian goes in top5 .
i know you are probably trying to be sarcastic but i do n't think you realize just how right you are .
systemic racism has been allowed to run wild in this country even encouraged ever since the democrats deconstructed the reconstruction .
these are historical facts that i refuse to ignore .
combine extreme local growth with hundreds of thousands of incoming migrants a year and you may see 10,15 or 30 in your lifetime .
in 3-4 generations a majority is not an impossibility .
a few years ago 2012 new zealand moved https www.consumer.org.nz/articles/credit-reports article-reporting-the-positive from only allowing a negative only rating system only tracks unpaid debts etc to allowing a positive '' system like they have in the us tracks paid-off debts time taken to repay etc .
in the us people are focused on building '' a good positive credit rating by taking on debt and paying it off which until 2012 would have made no sense under the nz system .
i think we 're still yet to really see the results of this change .
well that attitude is n't going to help anyone .
sure this sub has problems but why not try to fix it like i do ?
although he did say you were like jesus so ... .i guess that was nice of him .
i doubt it 's that we are having less in-depth conversations .
that seems hard to prove and unlikely to change the use of definite articles .
if i were to take a guess it is probably due to the rise of proper nouns being generalized .
proper nouns do not take on a definite article because they are already specified .
and with the rise of corporations and branding ans the like proper nouns have become very ubiquitous .
that also seems to be a trend of taking proper nouns and making them general google is used as a verb coke is used to mean any kind of soda pop etc. .
this could explain the shift away from definite articles .
but i have no data on this so please take it with a grain of salt .
before clicking the map i wonder what canada is going to look like .
something that large hanging from the ceiling is a huge safety/liability issue .
you did a great job making sure it 's not going to snap in half fall and kill someone later on .
it surprises me the ceiling joists could take all that extra weight without being modified .
what was the max weight it could hold and still be safe ?
you do incredible work and i hope you can continue to get more gigs .
do n't forget about all the money they make on extended warranties
i think i 'll be reading between the world and you at some point this year .
john green recently suggested it on his youtube channel and i very much respect his recommendations .
it 's really interesting to take notes on your personal life at the time of reading !
i think reading patterns may speak for themselves for me but maybe i 'll take notes on this and see if i 'm as predictable as i think i am .
it 'll be 8 yrs this june that we 've been together .
he 's thinking about getting counseling after his accident and i 'm afraid he wo n't because of his anxiety .
large bodies of water or even a lake where i ca n't see below if i go to the ocean i ca n't go further than waist level .
you know what that makes a lot more sense than the rogue it guy i was picturing going around putting penises on everyone 's facebook lol
thank you for hosting a raffle on r/knife_swap with 32 slots .
the winner of the raffle is the redditor who chose raffle slot number 32 !
the chick who sings the opening is the most attractive woman in the world .
carnivorous animals do not just eat a steak they 'll eat pretty much everything including organs nerves skin eyeballs etc which provides all the essential nutrients .
love seeing all the different designs she 's had over the years .
it 's always fun to think about the fact that a recurring character could go through so many alterations retaining certain iconic elements .
anyway i agree with a lot of people who mention that the fates anna is great she really is and is quite possibly my favourite but just going off of those shared in the picture here my top three would be
i think it 's the way her ponytail is designed that really wins me over on this one .
awakening she 's a party member and one of my favourite characters to keep as a trickster .
however i truly adore the way she 's designed as both the merchant and apotheosis forms although the blue haired kimono wearing hot spring scramble one is great as well .
path of radiance my first experience with anna and still one of my favourite designs for her .
there 's something just flat out pleasant about her design for por .
you 'd have to compare the specific amount of property damage involved as well but in this case they have n't destroyed the structure they 're inhabiting it themselves .
it 's a waste of time if you are n't going to do it consistently .
i used to regularly go on counter-strike binges of 48 hours in basically one sitting .
the result was it made me a pretty good drug dealer .
i just saw that saber rekt rin in some character poll in china .
of course that 's assuming the chiefs do n't have their way with us first 'cause god knows houston ca n't stop 'em !
okay so i 've been working out for a good bit now 7 months and my goal has been to get stronger then drop bf to get a nice base then get on a typical cut/bulk cycle and work at being happy with my body .
i started out at 216lbs yikes and have diligently worked down to 170lbs without losing much strength .
lifts are bench 195x5 ohp 105x5 deadlift 245x5 squat 215x5 i do seem to be losing strength now squats and deads are down a bit .
did sl5x5 for 12 weeks followed program religiously then switched to ppl 6 days a week which i enjoy very much .
i 'm 5'6 '' male 43 years old and currently weigh 170lbs .
bf estimates with calipers and tape have me at a 13 average .
in my opinion i 'm looking good and stomach muscles are starting to peak out .
okay so here 's where i need some guidance .
i 've been cutting for months at 1500 calories and not only have i hit a weight lose plateau i also just plain feel like crap day in and day out now .
i want to increase my intake but worried i 'll undo all my hard work but i want size and gains too .
my macros are c30/p45/f25 and i weigh and measure food religiously .
but i can not seem to bump under 170lbs and the constant feeling like crap is starting to hamper my motivation .
should i go to maintenance for a little while to balance out ?
some peers at the gym are telling me that my deficit is too low and that i would still drop bf at a slightly higher intake and just be patient and let the process happen..
i always figured girls would see this type of guy as a player and would n't be interested ?
i grew up in a very strait environment surrounded by strait guys and i turned out pretty strait after all of that i am gay though i promise
i moved out of that town and made some pretty dope friends in a new larger slightly more open minded environment .
3ish years ago i eventually became comfortable enough to let everyone in on my little secret ...
it was quite a shock for everyone at first because nothing about me or my lifestyle seems to fit the stereotypes but they were all very supportive and i kinda found the whole 'coming out ' thing a bit underwhelming considering how much i stressed about it .
which is much better then the alternative i suppose .
so now im a gay 23 year old dude with the support of everyone around me and for the first time ever it looks like that i might have found a cutey thats willing to put up with me and i am currently shitting myself !
i have never been in a mutual relationship before let alone felt this way about someone and been able to actively pursue them .
i mean i ca n't even describe to you guys the way he makes me feel !
i get so nervous before seeing him every time i think about him i get butterflies !
it 's an amazing feeling and after spending some time with him i ca n't wipe the smile off my face for days !
since he is the first guy i 've ever let myself feel this way about i do n't want to jump the gun and say he is the one but for now i could make him my world in a heartbeat and spend the rest of my happy days making sure he has everything he could ever want for .
since i have never really been in a relationship before or anything remotely close i honestly have no idea what it is i 'm supposed to be doing !
he sends me hints all the time to come over and they literally go strait over my head !
he finds it cute now but im worried that if i do n't pick up my game he is gon na find someone else .
i feel this way because i lack the self confidence to even put myself in the same league as him !
i honestly can not for the life of me figure out how a guy as perfect as he is would fall for a scraggy laid back normalish guy like me !
i ca n't move forward in this relationship because i ca n't get past my own insecurities .
how do i let go and just commit fully to something like this ?
have any of you guys got some advice here ?
i got nothin.. im gon na continue to go with the flow and see what happens but he is in complete control at the moment !
i 'm powerless around him yet i get the vibe he wants me to step up a bit .
i 'm a 23 year old out gay dude thats never been in love or in a relationship before until now and i need some help figuring it all out .
i found a guy for the first time in my life and he makes me happier than i thought possible yet i feel he is way too good for me and for that reason i feel like im gon na loose him so im struggling to commit fully .
308 warlock lookong for a group or trying to put together a group to do the normal raid with challenge !
just so y'all know new list is as follows i 'm quite happy with it i tend to go 4-0 at fnm most weeks so tonight was n't a huge surprise when i ended up 4-0 but i definitely felt more confident and in control during the games wingmate was huge in the sideboard too hopefully i can find an event to take it to before gatewatch comes in haha
hey all a while ago i posted about my bant megamorph list and trying to fine tune it i ended up returning to flat g/w because it just seems so much more reliable and curves out so nicely .
now my main issue is against abzan any other popular archetype is fine for me but i just ca n't seem to get around them exiling all my threats and just shoving damage across .
i 've just recently re-added evolutionary leap to my sideboard for matchups with heavy single target removal but i 'm yet to be able to test it out .
the idea was that evo leap would be able to help me vs abzan since i can just sac my raptors when they try to exile or any creature really only problem there is that it does n't help when anafenza is in play .
i 'm on 3 main board silkwraps though along side 3 sideboard valorous stance so i can usually answer her .
i bring in the valorous stance vs abzan and will now also be bringing in evo leap
this is by far the hardest matchup for me some may think otherwise and i 'm really struggling on all points of the board here so if anyone has some tips for how i can tackle the deck i 'm all ears .
i 've been in the premier league as farnborough for about 10 seasons now .
for about 5 of those years i 've finished 2nd or 3rd .
i feel absolutely unbeatable at home with my 4321 tactic but if i use it away from home i ca n't beat mid-table sides .
i use a counter attacking tactic too but i suck with that as well .
anyone have any tactics they use away from home on fm15 that were great ?
i know playing draft will be close to worthless anymore but for anyone that want to play it to save packs for tots you guys excited ?
... and now close to panicking because i 've just heard of the bootloop issue and i 'm wondering if i can still cancel my order i hope so !
and which versions are most likely to be affected ?
i 've been mulling over getting a new phone for weeks and i 've settled on a g4 but then i read these complaints where were these all those weeks i 've been obsessively reading about the g4 ? ! ?
i was dating this english girl and in one conversation she said that canadian chocolate is terrible as it has lots of wax in it .
has anyone ever done a blind test to compare say the cadbury 's bars sold in europe vs. north america and discovered which has better quality ?
hey guys i got a karambit marble fade fn tricolor
it is tri color screenshot non because i just got it inspect in my inventory
i 'm a firm believer in permanent behavioural change and this explains it better than i 've ever seen it done .
wake up and put a hand on my belly and its practically gone !
shoot out of bed and check the mirror yup boobs sticking out further not normal .
check under blankets to make sure she 's not under there so is looking at me as crazy as i feel no sign of her .
lay down and start poking my belly and i ca n't even find her little butt anymore which has been located an inch or two above my belly button for 750 days now .
pants are much looser and 6 year old comments how skinny i look getting her ready for school .
ultra pride versus ultra greed is vastly different in scale so we know ultra sin bosses could range from minibosses to final bosses of their own self-named game modes .
so for things like ultra lust ultra sloth etc .
so my friend gave me a csgo key bcoz he does n't play cs .
so i made another steam account and want to activate it there .
my question is that how do i manage the config and the autoexecs so that it 's same in both accounts and i do n't have to do anything manually .
will backing up the files from the first account and copying those after logging in to second account work ?
last night i just randomly went into the basement and saw that my boiler was leaking water .
after a closer investigation i saw that it was my cartridge circulator .
last night the leak was very slow and now since the heat was on all night it has gotten faster but still a bucket is doing the trick .
i was wondering what seems to be the problem and how can i fix it ?
i want to fix it my self because it does not seem to hard according to other findings on google .
it seems like the leak is coming from the cartridge .
i just noticed this when i visited the swc site after watching season 1 of the walking dead .
it 's funny how both smite and twd promote georgia ...
i am a level 31 looking for level 1 provisioning recipes in the area for some reason these two houses are greyed out i can not enter them while others can is there any way to enter them ?
am i supposed to do some kind of quest ?
edit the houses i 'm talking about are located on bleakrock isle
selling an m9 slaughter fn super clean playside with a beautiful centered phoenix !
i 'm not talking about significant others such as boyfriends/girlfriends or husbands/wives .
just how would you react to finding out about someone having you in the metaphorical spank bank '' so to speak ?
does your reaction differ if the person envisioning you is attractive to you or not ?
i ask because i got into a discussion with a girl friend who casually mentioned she 's thought about me amongst many other people once or twice in the past when masturbating and attributes it simply to fantasies which come and go to which i admitted i had done also .
our other friend joined the conversation and stated eww that 's just wrong ! ''
before stating it 's like a less serious mix of voyeurism and non-consensual sex .
needless to say the conversation got pretty heated and we agreed to drop it soon after .
edit if you want to see the male reactions to this question you 'll have to go over to askmen .
i did post a link however have been informed it was against the rules of r/askwomen and thus has been removed .
we are a family based me my wife and son clan with 30 members of varying skill and commitment levels ... looking for more serious adults or mature kids to help us get better in clan wars .
we have a handful of good battlers ... the rest try !
we love the game and want to get stronger !
asked them to make the tournament the week after and so far it 's postponed .
i 'm a 315 warlock looking for one more person .
please be 300 with a mic be a team player .
i first heard the phrase what a time to be alive '' during the gt-fsu college football game this past october and since then i see it everywhere .
after doing some research i see that the original reference is from the simpsons .
i 'm curious if the gt-fsu game had an impact on the usage of the term or if it 's an example of the baader-meinhof phenomenon .
this might be a simple request and if it is i am sorry but i am genuinely curious about the frequency of the term and the impact of different events .
playing with someone who is always thinking on min/max level i give them some gold he try to find every way to buy or trade for boost i give them a base he try to turn it into a one making franchise he wants to use any and every item and person to gain power i get wanting to be the best you can be and so far i 've curbed it from effecting the other players too much but i 'm afraid that later levels the not so agresive players will start fading back due to the min/max tactics .
i just do n't wan na have to confront him and say hey stop trying to play your knightly power driven pc so powerful ? ''
i know that i should but can anyone else think of something else ?
i was just playing a competitive match with some friends .
we were just messing around having fun and my friend stole my kill .
at this point i had n't done any other tk damage .
so later my friend was crouching on my head taking a shit as your friends do sometimes and i could n't move .
naturally i took out my deagle and shot him in the head and i got banned for tk damage .
at this point i literally had n't done any team damage except for killing him once so i got banned for only doing 2 tks .
this has happened a couple other times as well with various situations .
i 'm wondering if anyone else is having this issue ?
2016 will be my best friend 's and my first bonnaroo .
we are both college age girls looking to have fun and make friends .
we chose bonnaroo over other festivals we did lolla ga in 2014 because of the positive vibe of unity the festival-goers seem to create .
we chose to go vip because of the creature comforts and the shorter wait time caused by separate highway entrance .
we wo n't know anyone else on the farm and we are now aware of the older average age in vip we 're 21 .
we really want to chill and maybe group up to see shows .
is there maybe going to be a r/bonnaroo kickback in vip or ga ?
we were thinking about posting or yakking closer to the fest days to look for other kids in vip looking to hang .
i am also becoming concerned that vip may be too closed off and less of a party atmosphere .
we know we can always go into ga camping for that but i was thinking it would be weird without our own tent in ga .
anyways i know this is wordy but really any advice or tips would be appreciated .
tl dr college girls are concerned vip camping is going to be lame and we may not make friends .
since calligraphy is so diverse and artistic tastes so personal i wondered what are the sub 's favourite calligraphic works ?
personally i 'm very partial to pieces with backgrounds especially more complex ones such as these
let nature be your teacher https www.instagram.com/p/_yyf0ijmee ? taken-by=_chi_sa_to – chisato asaoka from instagram
a piece in celebration of the new year http i.imgur.com/jj6wxd4.jpg – u/gardenofwelcomelies 2015
all the pictures are public so i assumed it 's okay to link them .
if anyone wants his or her work edited out pm me !
my car has been leaking coolant and i cant find exactly from where .
proverbs 9:7 if you correct conceited people you will only be insulted .
if you reprimand evil people you will only get hurt .
8 never correct conceited people they will hate you for it .
but if you correct the wise they will respect you .
9 anything you say to the wise will make them wiser .
whatever you tell the righteous will add to their knowledge .
think about this before you get into internet arguments .
besides other scripture that says not to argue some people argue just to win the argument over learning anything .
you can tell who reasons and who just off the cuff instant responds .
wise people can learn but conceited people just feel an argument is a sort of fight they want to win .
i feel like there 's another movie as well .
i think its an adam sandler/happy madison movie but i 'm not sure .
he passed in october and the bills keep rolling in .
i would guess about 15,000 but i 'm not sure the estate would cover it and i certainly ca n't .
i am the executor of the will and sole beneficiary and everything has been left to me .
he had a 2006 dodge grand caravan a massey ferguson garden tractor and various tools and furniture .
it 's been a couple of months since i found this gif but i ca n't find the source ?
i was able to use ironhax prior to the downgrade but not after it just keep looping on the loading screen .
should i get a fresh old version of ironfall and install the ironhax again ?
i can still go in to the homebrew launcher via browserhax
benutzen die nur google oder auch exotischere suchmaschinen um an informationen zu kommen und was muss man tun wenn man zwar selbst einmal im studiopublikum sitzen möchte aber nicht wegen seiner internetaktivitäten von vor 10 jahren bloßgestellt werden will ?
und gibt es wirklich menschen die ihr facebook-profil noch öffentlich einsehbar haben oder wollen die einfach in die sendung ?
thank you for sending me those libertads so quickly !
so years ago i came across this clip from kazaa or something and it was of this brunette woman on a message table .
then the male masseuse of course got closer to her pussy .
i distinctly remember the dialogue it 's just a tool '' as he sticks his dick in her the first time and she responds that 's a pretty big tool . ''
after a minute or so she realizes it 's his dick and they keep going .
it was pretty short and i think it was a piece of a larger movie or clip .
i saw several recipes via google but i 'd love to get links to your favorites and any recipe modifications that you like !
take a look at the real clear politics polling data http www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/other/direction_of_country-902.html .
consider the latest monthly average for people who thought we were moving in the right direction or think that we are on the wrong track
wrong track 65.8 45 r 's and 20 d 's
the right direction '' dems will be more likely to vote for hillary than bernie .
the wrong track '' dems are voting for change so they will be more likely to feel the bern .
that averages out to about 20-24 points for both hillary and bernie .
here is where it gets interesting the wrong track '' r voters will mostly vote for a republican but the ones that will choose a democrat they will more likely choose the bern .
what i am trying to point out is that i think this shows an overall leaning towards bernie .
this is by no means a professional analysis so i hope to hear your thoughts on other interpretations
if the prices are n't properly priced please send me a trade offer for the correct amount
popped into chemist warehouse the other day as they 're still having their 50 off sale going on .
quite a few items i wanted to pick up were sold out however i still got some little goodies .
if you guys have any recommendations from the brands that chemist warehouse carries l'oreal rimmel maybelline revlon ... please let me know i 'm keen to try out new things !
• meteoric matte dark purpley-red almost appears to be brown in some lighting .
again very comfortable to wear with a velvet semi-matte finish .
38 a little similar to the apocalips in atomic rose but not matte and much more creamier .
again a peachy nude which could have a possible tendency to wash people with a lighter complexion out for reference i 'm between nw25-30 .
37 a bright lady-bug red with warm-slightly orangey undertones .
to me this is an easy no-fuss goes-with-pretty-much-everything red .
its got a creamy texture but still manages to cling onto your lips without slipping off 5 minutes after applying .
• maybelline master sculpt contour powder in medium/dark the contour powder has decent colour payoff however the highlighter seems to be a bit chalky maybe i got an odd one .
probably got ta try this baby a little more to finally form a proper opinion on it .
• l'oreal true match foundation in warm beige quite yellow based medium coverage dewy foundation .
probably the most decent drugstore foundation i 've tried so far as i find colour matching among more affordable foundations to be quite frustrating .
staying power is average 5-6 hours maybe gets a little oily after a while but does not oxidise too bad on me .
• heaps of rimmel they have the best nail polish applicator ever nice broad rounded applicator and sally hansen nail polishes .
again please let me know what you bought from the numerous sales going on and whether or not you 'd recommend it .
the el capitan has announced that nick and judy will be appearing live on stage prior to zootopia screenings .
and there will be a breakfast with judy on weekends .
my friend and fellow experienced musician and i are looking to start an all-girl punk/indie band .
we are in need of a bass player and a drummer and while we know plenty of dudes who can play we really want to jam with other females and do the whole girl power music thing .
we both sing and play guitar of course who does n't ? .
i 've been in a series of punk metal and garden variety rock bands since high school that have played around a decent bit most recently noho 's the machete order soundcloud fb and the crest theater 's live soundtrack band the reel players .
she is a vocal powerhouse and pop/rock songstress who just released an ep on itunes lyndzie taylor 's phoenix '' if you want to check it out and plays all over the city .
we 're looking to do kind of a heart got in a gang-bang with the alkaline trio sleigh bells the distillers and early blondie but the foo fighters do right and stuck around to raise a beautiful music baby '' thing .
please respond if you 're interested or know someone who might be bonus if you can sing bgvs or are a songwriter and please please do n't bother if you do n't have time to really write parts and rehearse .
we 're fun chicks but doing the work is very important to both of us .
i have been so frustrated by my fitbit charge hr lately .
it seems to only sync my steps my heart rate my active minutes workouts and sleep .
what it does n't sync is my silent alarm schedule or the amount of battery left i have on my device .
the app says it 's connected but it 's really .
when i enter root abyss through the dm i am not in the room with my party there is no key maker and the mysterious girl has nothing to say i already beat 2 of the bosses a while back so i know i have the prequests done .
as the title says anytime i try to update it says i do not have the required 620 mb on my phone .
however my little bar in itunes says i have 1.10 gb free ?
so yeah i woke up sunday my flipping birthday with conjunctivitis .
but then today my son came home from school with a fever so we took him to the doctor because hey i was already headed there for my antibiotics .
now i 'm trying my hardest to take care of him and myself without either of us swapping sickness .
i want to soothe him and hold him and mother him but my husband is being very strict about us keeping our distance .
and my poor husband trying to nurse the both of us and keep us apart and somehow not catch either .
but mostly i 'm just worried about the baby .
how much the baby is at risk now and next week when she comes .
my mind is all over the place this is just the worst timing .
i see my ob wednesday but until then does anyone have any similar experiences ?
tldr i 'm on antibiotics for conjunctivitis my son is on antibiotics for strep throat .
i 'm due to have a c-section next tuesday someone please tell me they 've been through this and help me out .
when ever someone uses voip it mutes all sound in my game .
i am moving into a house with a few roommates and i 'm looking for someone to take over my lease at ksu place .
i bought one about a month ago for my project and it does exactly what i need actually but there are extra things on the board that are unnecessary for me .
theres a tiny led on there i do n't need the project is basically a flashlight and extra pins like the reset which i do n't need .
i 've been looking for a premade circuit like this for a couple weeks now on and off and i ca n't find anything that i 'm confident will work .
i 've seen plans to make my own circuit but space is small for a bunch of components .
does anybody know what i 'm looking for here ?
it seems so simple that there would have to be something out there for me .
if it helps the power supply is 2 sets of aaa batteries in parallel and the light is single luxeon rebel led
is anyone using kubernetes on aws cloudformation https coreos.com/kubernetes/docs/latest/kubernetes-on-aws.html by chance ?
i 'm looking for a kubernetes solution that relies on cloudformation with auto-scale groups so this seems ideal but i 'm having trouble following the guide .
in particular i 'm lost as to what values are wanted for the cert and keys inputs .
it seems like even the most low carb veggies still have carbs .
while these do n't seem like that high of numbers they add up quick as i am sure you all know .
i am staying at about 20g net carbs but i do n't see how i can do less without sacrificing veggies .
getting drafts coming from receptacles not a huge deal but enough that i am thinking i might want to tackle that when i am bored .
i have already read that the foam gaskets are crap and i already have them installed .
the gaps between the wall and the outlets are minuscule so it would have to be a caulk job rather than foam .
but the question comes to air sealing the box where the wires come in ... . what kind of caulk to use for that ?
we are looking for three other guys who are willing to help fulfill one my wives dirtiest fantasies .
she wants to be in a gangbang she wants to be treated like dirty little slut and have all of her holes filled .
this is a serious request if you think you can step up to the plate send me pm .
if we like you and find more people we will set a date and time .
this is her first gangbang so she prefers if we are gentle at first if she wants it rougher she 'll let us know .
she is willing to do oral anal and double penetrations but no ass to mouth .
a little about her she is 23 a cutie with a booty and my bohemian girl .
she has red hair average build and did i mention milf ?
me well i 'm 28 slim build long black hair and here to go on sexual adventures with my gypsy girl .
we are a poly/open couple so this invitation is just not for guys other couples may join or even females if you like .
edit just to remind everyone this is not an opportunity for you to meet her individually .
it 's either both of us or none of us .
i have seen people put things such as beds pool tables etc in the staff room .
i 'm going to be ordering a 2016 sti limited in february and i just ca n't decide between the dark grey and black .
and yes i know its ultimately up to me and this is highly opinionated but i want to hear what people think .
i always liked a nice black car but the metallic in the dark grey looks really nice as well .
metallic may help hide dings and scratches in the long run .
prob gon na get some rally armor mud flaps to help
there is always something awesome about that smooth black on a car though .
the limited has the grey wheels so that may make the difference .
does clearing the pod after every use prolong the life of the machine due to releasing built up of pressure .
i initially thought my s3 was doing fine but looking at the battery stats i can see wi-fi is top of the pile with almost half of the battery usage even with a 4300mah battery !
i 've read numerous threads about wi-fi battery issues/bugs in marshmallow and tried every tip .
bought a new car and our family is going to soon outgrow the car .
i 'm also looking at an older car to help store stash away some extra money .
i 'm guessing i will be in the 16,000-18,000 range but would feel a bit more comfortable getting somewhere closer to 20k .
all i did was click the link and log into nfl.com .
i was already logged in so i just went straight to the competition page and was instantly credited .
i played anyways since i like fantasy but i got it before adding a player to my lineup i believe .
edit 2 reports of it being patched are confirmed .
people have reported the inability to go otr as part of the latest glitch where the minimap would n't disappear when they spectated someone else playing golf .
people claimed the only fix was a new profile but thanks to u/derp-de-doop posting a solution he tried in the second thread i was able to do the otr glitch so this could be a fix .
if you have 2 you 'll need to delete one .
recommended to have a friend because no one joins the lts at the end .
proceed with the glitch as normal and it should put you off the radar .
i see natsu having more brute power and zuko being more skilled but far less powerful .
welcome to season 2 of total reroll our dungeons and dragons 5th edition podcast !
after finishing 'hoard of the dragon queen ' we 've moved on with the same characters to 'rise of tiamat ' the second part of the tyranny of dragons storyline .
this week after following a group of harper captives to a pirate ship the group is mid-combat with the drow pirates who kidnapped them .
at the end of the last episode there was a shocking revelation from dariah about sabal the leader of the pirates .
you can find a mega-post of all of the season 1 content at http thelostlighthouse.com/2015/12/08/total-reroll-season-one
i think i 'm finally understanding you guys now .
correct me if i 'm wrong but the term feminist is used too broadly because modern feminists have poisoned everything so deeply that they have in fact forever poisened the term it self .
this is not do discredit important social movements of the past like women 's suffrage women 's rights to an education or any past efforts for women to be equal bucause modern feminists have already done that by carrying the same banner but with a whole different cause .
sort of like how madonna wont call herself a feminist or how nazism ruined the symbol of the swastika for other cultures that have been using it long before the nazis ever existed ?
all respekt i världen david eberhard och de danskar som ståd upp för sunt förnufti denna pajasartade debatt .
we all know new cards will change the current meta but after a while the new cards have settled how does the meta keep changing ?
does someone discover a new synergy that suddenly makes a deck op and everyone flocks to that ?
the m9 is 29 on exchange the cyrex is 40 the ak got fnatic kato2014 sticker .
just wondering is there a reason this is disabled https www.reddit.com/r/perl/about/traffic or have i just made a mistake with the url ?
i only noticed this from looking at the perl6 one https www.reddit.com/r/perl6/about/traffic .
hey i 'm looking for help to 3 flame this dungeon .
the best i 've got is about 87 and i just ca n't seem to 100 it !
i do n't have a sm or a mino and here are all my heroes plus succ ac pally ninja and champ but i guess they are n't useful for dungeons
i 've been mixing up the drops between the far left by dk and also on the bottom left by the mino or gr .
in term of magic i 've been using ss ga frenzy and fervor all lvl 5 .
any help or suggestions on what heroes to use would be appreciated been trying to slowly level up gr and i can evolve him if that will help out .
edit figured i should also add information about my artifacts .
i have blitz 5 on pd axe 5 on tg sb vlad lighting 3 on cupid and victors 3 on druid and ork
it is covered in the help menu and it clearly says use key x to jump out of vertibird '' yet i never get the option to .
before we left for christmas we recorded a second episode of the worlds adrift show you can check it out here
i 'm 37 weeks tomorrow ftm and due on the 26th of january .
the holidays pretty much just went by like a breeze and now the only major event coming up is the baby 's arrival !
i 've always been scared of having a baby since i was a kid .
when i got pregnant i thought i came to terms with my fears but now as my due date draws near i ca n't help but feel all levels of anxiety .
i 'm not sure how i will handle labour and how i will take care of my child .
part of me ca n't wait to meet this little guy inside of me but the other part of me is sort of hating myself for even getting pregnant in the first place .
so and i did n't plan to have a baby till we 're 30 .
the nursery is as ready as it could be but i 'm not !
i do n't know what to do to relieve myself of my anxiety .
time seems to go by super slow and nothing interests me right now to pass it .
i do n't want to watch tv i ca n't sleep i do n't want to read my books .
i feel like i 'm about to go crazy !
the only thing that seems to help right now are the post partum stories and advice on babybumps .
i 'm looking into using amlactin as an everyday lotion .
i 've heard that it 's good for exfoliating the skin and moisturizing .
has anyone had experience with it and does it work well ?
i was traveling back to school and stopped to sleep at a family friend 's house .
i brought my pc inside but forgot my h80 that i have not yet installed .
the weather was about 20°f and it stayed in my car overnight .
if som is there a way i can test for it ?
if this is n't the right sub i 'm sorry .
self sacrifice starts you off with your retaliator already sapped so you can immediately begin to set up without needing to wait for hellbiter to hit you .
as an added bonus you will also retaliate on every cast of hellbiter giving you extra damage .
since yunalesca uses holy magic breakdown wo n't do anything since holy is mnd based .
bring shellga if you want to resist her magic attacks .
she will dispel shellga/protectga/haste but only on her single target physical attacks .
therefore using drawtaliate with gilgamesh allows you to ignore her dispel entirely .
keep in mind that my setup assumes extremely good gear with a good amount of rs .
rw was advance sazh has boon y'shtola has stoneskin ii .
yuna also has hymn of the fayth but you do n't want to use that sb in this fight and she did n't even get enough gauge to use it anyway .
if you do n't think you can kill yunalesca in that time you might want to let your retaliator take one hellbiter so sap does n't wear off .
my watch rolex oyster perpetual was on a watch winder for two weeks whilst i was out of town .
i took it off to wear this morning and noticed the time was off it was behind by more than an hour .
i reset the time around 9:30 am and gave it a few winds to make sure it was wound up .
by noon it was ahead by about 15 minutes .
after a couple more hours it was ahead by about 10 minutes and appeared to be staying that way .
i reset the time again at around 3:30 pm a bit more than 4 hours later it appears to be keeping time normally .
anyone else ever have this happen and should i be concerned ?
the watch is less than a year old so i do n't think it would require servicing yet .
i love this sub and i 'm on mobile and this title only took 17 tries to type and i only accidentally activated google voice keyboard twice .
hey guys im looking for a stattrak ak fire serpent field-tested
b/o 245 can add a little bit for stickers or look/fv
also interested in a fire serpent mw and a karambit phase2
i got the progress bar script used in my blog series packaged up into a module for easier use .
check it out and let me know what you think !
so i 'm trying to find my way through the competitive scene and was wondering what the weekly tournaments in california were ?
the purpose of this thread is to gain more recognition for this bug so that hopefully we can get to the bottom of this .
here 's what it looks like https i.imgur.com/q1nxupe.jpg credit to trazati .
i 've posted about this problem in this thread on the official tech support forum http us.battle.net/sc2/en/forum/topic/19974038041 .
i found this post from a year ago https www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/2gr9w9/error_unable_to_load_score_screen and also this post from a year ago https www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/2n4mhm/score_screen_bug_still_not_fixed .
but i have n't found much recently about it .
myself and all of my friends have this problem on about 90 of match history games that we try to view .
i 've had the problem for about a year .
there does n't seem to be any pattern as to which games work load the history and which ones do n't .
the one thing that we all have in common is that we are in australia and play on north america .
please help spread the word if you have this problem .
if you want to play the game i can give you a game key provided that you use my recruitment code .
we are playing inspired and pertinent defense right now .
if we limit penalties and do n't have costly turnovers we can handle any team .
people seem to constantly forget that serial was conceived simply as long form storytelling not just a podcast version of unsolved mysteries .
the only reason for jail is that you do n't run away while waiting for your trial .
setting a bail insures that you will show up again because else a big chunk of money is gone and most people rather do n't want that .
have n't got any ticket from the event yet orzz .
anyway i 'm going to make sure not to slip out of t2 this time .
i have a brother in law in la im from scotland if i may be over in the summer id take you to lunch
svanna far-shield has a thing for sibbi black-briar though .
i wish erick the slayer was marriageable in vanilla he is such sweetie and seems like the only mercenary you can't wed .
my point is if you visited the 1600s the idea of a united germany would seem as far as iraq making it now even with institutions in place as the hre .
i 'm sick and tired of people deciding that iraqis or syrians or any other people need babysitting and that it 's best to keep them isolated or ruled by a dictator .
it 's demeaning and there 's the undertone of thinking less of them and treat them like unruly children .
the irony is that many people do that to spite early 20th century colonialist policy but in the end their behavior is similar .
there 's room for intervention but it can be facilitating peace talks or actually protecting and caring for the people in need instead of playing petty politics over the middle east like a chessboard .
do n't get me wrong i 'm not directing the above to you you 're making compelling arguments and actual dialogue .
in the end ignoring the intricacies of the middle east would do as much a disservice to its people as forgetting about their wishes .
1 of those sacred geometries for your first time must 've been incredible !
it 's a good time for free activities around here .
these are marketing people i believe they do n't know everything about the device i 'm waiting for there to be more proper information to be released .
perhaps it 's not a hdr display but i stand by what i said .
again if i could upvote this twice it would be an honor lol thanks again .
btw iam on xbox1 for destiny if u wan na game sometime
you linked the wrong song by the way you linked vinai legend and the one with dvlm is louder .
ash does n't even ev train nor does he understand iv's/natures .
yet this is what they are doing when they assign a box path to a post selected set of events .
i am not sure what you mean by this could you elucidate ?
i only see applying projectors to states which is pretty standard .
i did n't think your ego was so fragile that people disagreeing with you would throw you for such a loop .
since that does n't exist anymore check your collection you might have them .
every time i see things like this i just think to myself this is what wow could look like . ''
for hitting epic levels the destinies are a must-have .
if i built a giant house of cards i 'd expect someone to kick me in the nuts and tell me to get a job not congratulations lol
forbidden island is a good game for under 15 .
forbidden desert is one of my favorites under 25 .
the stila eyeshadow in dusty rose is tentatively reserved i 'll let you know if they pass or not .
for the rest of the items it would be 33 shipped .
looks like it might be a swap out for baterskull in some cases
it made me around 1,500 a month for quite awhile until the hamsterdance.com dude decided he had created something bigger than a stupid page with animated gifs and broke away from our dumb ring of dancing websites .
traffic dwindled i stopped paying attention to it the company that hosted and owned the domain tilted media apparently went out of business and let the domain expire .
someone else swooped in and bought it and is keeping it going for some stupid reason .
i tried to work with the new owner as they stole a bunch of original images that a friend of mine created for the site but they did n't respond .
when the new was released i used a olive green theme for a a year .
valve could set it as a option to use as a layout .
x i had to check and you 're right what i actually meant was demolition .
one is the team deathmatch mode where you need to get kills with different weapons and end the game with a knife kill .
the other one is the 5v5 defusal mode where you spawn with a set weapon for that round until you get a kill then you spawn with a new weapon for the next round .
in 2nd grade my art was selected to be displayed in our cities art gallery .
we were supposed to draw one of the pages from our favourite book but instead i did an original one in the style of eric carle actually i was just too lazy to go through his books and pick a page .
it was of a frog i ca n't remember which book it was out of and i did a whole paper mache swamp !
boston residents certainly are n't friendly but they 're not really rude either .
mostly they ignore everyone else until they ca n't .
what 's worse is maintaining python code written with semi-colons .
it sucks because i never want to add them but i have to for consistency
seems like we never hear anything about lsv 's personal life by choice i 'm sure .
i did n't even know he was married until recently .
this is very well written and makes a lot of sense logically and emotionally .
the thing i ca n't stand with all these fan theories and i 'm sure we will hear even more retarded fan theories in the future is that they all miss the most important detail to both jj and kasden and anyone else involved .
this theory makes a very strong and compelling story !
that 's why i think it 's the best .
and also ya know the evidence granted most of it is theory/circumstantial .
ok fair enough yes as a good player in theory you should win more games..
but you play in a team based game mode you must take reponsability for your team no matter how bad they are meaning you can be a monster but if your w/l will reflect your team .
if you want to win so bad and not rely on ass tier teammates maybe try ffa imo that game mode is sorta dumb but it is an option .
if not try to find one decent person whom you dont need to talk to and party up with them and hopefully they can make that difference that would usually lose you the game .
also by playing solo you are activly lowering your chances of winning .
if you really want to win you would party up .
unless you party up you will always be at a disadvantage even if they have sbmm .
seems like you want the win without the social team aspect cod 101 rule never trust in the green guys cus 99 of the time they may as well be a bad guy .
intact sensor had failure code split open and corroded sensor still reading normally .
i think you are using too many things at once .
try evening the load between two arduino and make them communicate using i2c or serial
did your post have anything at all to do with the current pve ?
you should have used magnetic flux for your joke post so people can relate
1st na beta is over has been for weeks .
2nd na beta has yet to be announced but it will be a closed beta .
so buy a key with the 50 package or win a key from the events .
date of release for the na version yet to be announced .
my guess is the first video went for broadcast on a tv show then later to youtube .
let 's not forget there is lots of camera work too .
mainly i just wanted to provide an immediate ear-comparison .
even if the first video is a board feed to me it sounds all choked and thin .
there is no sense of authority in the mix of the star performer .
it is like the toms are in the background or something .
it just trips me out how clinical it is the sound of the mixer .
would be interesting to know what mixing console was used if the innate sound is a hardware thing or engineering thing .
afterthought if it is a board feed that might explain some of lack of blend and balance of the mix .
in other words if the tom are acoustically strong in the room then less of them at fader .
yeah it 's possible just do n't request a larger recruitment network .
honestly when i did it i just save scummed the whole thing and even then it was difficult as fuck i was so frustrated .
but they ca n't fund the game through ks with the adult content in it so it 's all hush-hush for now .
the plan as of now is a physical edition with a patch you can download that adds the 18 content .
our partner company mikandi in the us will be implementing that .
their team is very experienced in patching games so it will be simple and convenient .
i think the key to buying a condo though is to look at how the condo fees are being spent and saved and really understand the reserve fund and ongoing plan for maintenance .
always make sure there 's a recent third party assessment of the corporation and its finances .
i was on board until she was like last year i was 8 but now i 'm 6 !
the thing is that i 'm completely new to javascript scene .
i know all the core but my knowledge is quite limited .
can you suggest me where and how to start ?
blm calls them terrorists because they want everyone to hate them as much as they hate all white people but the alleged terrorists have n't actually done anything that qualifies them as terrorists .
would be great but it 's too subtle and intricate to be correct
nah cruz 's fight to lose '' means that he should win and he has to fuck up to lose it .
in other words if he loses it 's because he did something wrong not because tj is better .
unfortunately or fortunately depending on your viewpoint the way the system is designed make decisions like that very rare .
just because someone is really smart in one area does n't mean they 're smart in other areas .
it was viable enough to be played in a tournament .
i actually ran into a situation where i would have loved this two days ago .
green has like one card that deals with indestructible creatures currently .
they may have gotten off last time but they took it too far this time .
the fbi is going to do this slow infiltrate the compound and act when the time is right .
i get the distinct feeling this book wo n't be published in the first place ಠ_ಠ
but she was commenting on a thread specifically addressing the issue of spending excessive amounts of time on playing games to the point where it interferes with other activities .
poaching talent during the territory days is an entirely different animal than this signing .
some people are acting like it will but they 're not thinking about the eyes brought to njpw through these signings .
when aj styles debuts and shows what he can do do you think wwe fans are gon na be like oh woah this young upstart has some promise ! ''
no they 're gon na be like who the hell is this and why am i just learning about him now what else has he done where did he wrestle before ?
we 've had an 18 month engagement and are planning across the country so we 've had some serious spurts of activity and then months of nothing .
during those downtime months i actually built in do not talk about wedding things '' on date nights weekends and holidays .
i also picked up some crafting hobbies not for wedding !
and have invested too much time on online shopping for winter dog coats we have a bulldog that instagrams.. got ta keep him sharp .
nothing wrong with celebrating the natural lulls with avoiding wedding things for a bit !
i was at mosport superbike in 1982 when suzuki did a parade lap with the new katana .
i wanted to buy a bike right then and there ... there was nothing like that in the world of the ujms at the time .
i 've noticed about a thousand characters named variations of kylo ren .
sigh '' if mlem was a sound effect then it would be a noun .
with no ability to discern human rights records of those appointed by sortition .
i ca n't grumpily claim to be the only one on my block who maintains their goddam sidewalk anymore .
but now i am stuck here and want something different for dinner but do n't want to walk a mile on ice or make a grocery delivery person risk their neck because i want noodle bowls .
so i 've heard cs go is really freaking hard .
please do n't cut my balls of for saying this but it looks like cod .
i mean i know a 1300 that is absolute trash like he is garbage and he was doing an elo he lost and still got banned .
as a 16 year and counting army vet i am floored at the things you come up with !
while it may lose some synergy with deathwatch/grasp i think it would be more valuable for the class as a whole for it to act as a dispel effect .
if you really need the deathwatch effect then ritual banishing is generally better and in a deathwatch deck you should n't have an issue keeping at least one extra wraithling/sarlac or other small body around to use it .
obligatory not racist but.. hang on have i found a non racist way of using that term‽
racists and the far right tend to have lower iq 's .
so far sober me tipsy me and tired me have worn it .
true it is n't but the swedish government did mess up in their decision for free asylum and their rescinding of that decision along with their border control is ultimately the reason for danish border control .
do n't say that model designation or we 're all gon na have to sit through those stupid copy pasta posts about ground speed and how slow they could go .
imo a physics degree is probably the most versitile undergraduate degree you can get .
it basically teaches you how to solve problems and the scope of the problems they can solve is much wider than a lot of people realize .
i missed playing 1 quiz yesterday and have to wait a year to get this badge .
my point is you ca n't expect norms in what is looking like might be one of the 15 coldest games in nfl history .
still i feel like having to work on channucha ramadan or christmastide would be met ... poorly by the workers .
that 's what i 'm saying or at least trying to .
but it also can target any other land you have .
i was saying why not fetch before combat so you can get two 3/3 's that 's all .
when it comes in have it target another land then fetch and have that land make itself or another land a 3/3 so you get 6 power with vigilance really quickly .
i 'm still somewhat new to fut as well and 41212-2 is definitely the best for starting out and especially for maintaining possession .
how do they know what a guilty look '' appears as from this officer ?
do these upvoters have a frame of reference or professional background in guilty looks ? ''
reminds me of when my girlfriend used to kiss me neck but i 'm really ticklish and would freak out giggling after a while .
try turning them all off and enabling them one by one till the problem shows up .
i use gameplay alert on my phone tablet to alert me to when streams start .
but also you can watch their twitter they 'll normally announce it an hour ahead of time .
that being said i think ross said they were n't going to be streaming as much as they were before so they could focus more on making videos .
i hate how cosplayers keep feeling the need to photoshop their pictures to death you dont have to look like a perfect copy of the character let the costume speak for itself !
an impact drill applies a lot of torque to whatever is being drilled or screwed-in .
impact drills are generally used to sink heavy screws or lag bolts loosen or tighten nuts .
a hammer drill applies strikes '' to the drilling process it literally hammers as it drills .
hammer drills usually have three functions drill hammer and both .
hammer drills are generally used on concrete and metal .
7.5 '' is going to limit your options like hell .
even just going down to 10.5 rules out a lot
diesels get great fuel economy despite what people think .
there 's a reason all 18 wheelers have diesel engines
google play music because it comes with youtube red which is dope .
and spotify 's local file support is a fucking disgrace i refuse to give them any more money when it 's such a struggle to load mixtapes on there .
it may seem like forever but you 'll make it out .
everyone will be here to support you along the way 3
it is an interesting dream though and i suppose really is n't that far off from reality especially considering your parallel concerns .
apparently you have to put the http in the address or it does that .
so now you got facts will you continue to spread lies ?
cause there seem to be lot of em recently .
i see i always thought the vendor price had a hard maximum for everything those vendors sold but i guess i was wrong .
very well let me make you an offer before we fight .
i pride myself on being apart from the colours i am a merciful being and as such i am going to offer you one .
you 've been a useful ally in the past and i see no reason you can not be once more after your ... rehabilitation ... in the ziggurat .
give me your word that you will dedicate your efforts to combating the colours once more and i will spare you .
furthermore i will reinstate you as the leader of this pack of cutthroats .
it may not but doug baldwin 's 1 in dvoa definitely means something he 's the most efficient wr this season .
that 's fine but your behaviors are not healthy .
listen to the dude try and breath as he speaks .
they tricked you into thinking they did something ... ..
i 've taken a bunch of art history courses and i 'm sure we looked at some statues in that style .
i 'd love to hear these ideas because in my experience the weird effects are part of what makes it work .
they 've almost been going down and they 're good shots .
nobody can get them to drop right now so i 'm going to wait and see .
the cadillacs and buicks have both been rated very positively for either performance quality or both .
chevy sedans however are historically notorious for being useless after just a few years .
i do n't mind a family sedan we own a honda accord but i want something that is a quality build and something i feel good investing 30,000 into .
mouseover or click to view the metric conversion for this comment http fiddle.jshell.net/convertstometric/xhk4y5h5/show/light ? 3 20miles 20 204.8 20km 0a 3 miles 4.8 km
it 's what my gifs do i see the ending first damn .
impact tools also make that impact on the actual rotation of the drill
this is what allows impact drivers to dislodge stuck bolts with ease .
do you have any idea what the rest of the set is ?
for now i would just put the 'boyfriend ' in the back seat and focus on yourself .
remember that you do n't need someone to support you because you 're obviously are a strong and capable person .
then when you have a clearer grasp of the situation think about the boyfriend again .
because it does n't help to have all the gas hobs on fire at once .
i hope and think they will continue to use michael quite a bit .
he just adds an explosive element to the run game that we need .
we 're not even close to the time where we vote yet .
the fact that no candidate has specific numbers listed on their website would seem exactly in line with the way you think politics should be going ?
i guess in large part the complaint confuses me at this stage in the game .
you do n't put the jammer on the shield .
they are talking about having a jammer placed during the set up near a door .
when blitz comes within the radius his shield will be jammed .
you should n't be placing jammers after the round starts .
i watched episode iv yesterday as a part of a recap before i see vii and the lightsaber battle between vader and obi-wan is ridiculously bad .
i appreciate that back in 1980 ish they did n't have the equipment or the cgi to pull off the acrobatics of the prequels ' action scenes or make obi-wan as nimble as yoda was made to be in ep iii .
however it really undermines darth vader 's reputation as the most powerful being in the universe when his fights are so underwhelming and his dialogue is so un-intimidating .
in many respects the cinematography aged well but i think it was massively let down by a lack of foresight as to how big it could be so corners were cut .
no offense but he 's also pretty terrible in the playoffs in general .
i know brock does n't have any playoff experience but i think the offense is more suited to his skills rather than peyton .
shit we really need to do something about your tripping problem .
that 's the gs ball you ca n't get it in game it has apart of the celebii arc in the story out of game .
a lot of the education pcf funds is educating doctors on new procedures and treatments .
should be a full body shield and 1 hit kill because its a specialist .
well you did figure out what hint 3 meant ... now solve the round !
air china has travel times of 30 hours due to an overnight layover 15hours .
a direct flight is about 11 hours from sf .
it is official ... gc is now arguing against unsourced and uncited images of text on the internet .
whew these girls struggled compared to your second episode .
the second episode has me sold i 'm glad that 's what you posted .
the only reason gas engines tend to not last as long is the fact that they 're usually used for short trips .
owens taunts doing a red arrow frog splash or just jump down instead .
i felt mine for the first time a few days ago !
i am so ridiculously happy about it and think it is the coolest thing that i have ever felt .
here 's to us feeling more and more in the next few weeks and months !
you have mage with 2x unstable portal and 1 sorcerors apprentice .
play both unstable portals into spellslinger for 2 mana .
play spellslinger 1 and get mindvision for you and your opponent .
play spellslinger 2 and get unstable portal for you and charge for your opponent .
play unstable portal into van cleef for 1 mana .
mind vision into mindvision as long as you can until you get charge and play van cleef charge for and infinite amount of damage .
maybe due to market forces and the foundation wanting to hire a skilled president that is what his salary ended up being .
not saying you 're wrong but i feel it 's a pretty arbitrary conclusion to call one person making over 100,000 a year greedy over another person making over 100,000 a year .
as much of an accident as when 18 mins of nixon recordings were accidently deleted .
it 's a rebound if you catch it before the buzzer and not if you catch it after .
how do you convince a 23 year old/his family that he needs a funeral paid like asap and you will offer it to him cheap .
i can still vividly remember that feeling of oh wait i forgot to add a negative sign to all of these problems '' and just taking the 1/10 on the homework because i could n't bare to do it all over again .
sad part was it was never really that i did n't understand it it 's just that i always messed up little things .
and now i work a job where i do n't deal with numbers .
gg pre game is a korean thing so the phrase gl hf gg '' makes me think the person is either non-western or has been an avid follower of the brood war scene .
i already have a part list for watercooling parts just having it checked out if i need anything more and whatnot ... do n't want to forget anything once i order d
1600 bce moses brought abraham 's descendents israel out of egypt to conquer canaan
paper girls 4 picked up 1 and 2 at a shop this past week and loved it but i still need to get 3
nailbiter 19 i have caught up to the paperbacks and got 16-18 recently
so then those who would normally play on the aussie server are forced to play indarside for weeks on end with koltyr pops ?
but apps use less data as compared to loading a full web page on the web browser you can have notifications and alerts which you ca n't while on a browser speaking of mobile ones widgets easily share content .
as for logging in almost all websites have you sign in these days to save preferences and stuff so it 's not just a thing with apps .
though i agree with your argument of apps requesting access to shit they do n't need but mostly it 's for finding people from your contacts that also use their or similar services and provide locally relevant content .
but yes some do access without any need thereof .
edit as for changing text size the only thing i can think of is using accessibility settings on your device and increasing the system font size although i 'm not sure if that would work sorry .
also increasing text size kind'a makes content hard to read because of small screen size of mobile devices what with all the scrolling now and then .
so if you look at it like this it 's sort of better that apps do n't let you change text size .
but that is something we 'll always have to deal with because of different screen sizes and applications
i thought it was brilliant how s9 was a throwback to rtd 's run with the tenth and murray gold fittingly brought back themes we have n't heard in the last few years of the eleventh .
it 's almost nostalgic and really immersive in my opinion .
like the music is basically reflecting how twelve is only twelve because of ten 's decisions bringing it full circle by sending river off to the library to meet ten himself .
about as much as your wife when i hit her from behind with my baby-arm .
i like being scared in a way that i can somewhat control .
i 've been a horror fan since the first time i saw the exorcist when i was around 8 .
i begged my parents to let me see it and my dad thought he 'd teach me a lesson about being afraid by letting me watch it in the dark den by myself .
scared the shit out of me gave me nightmares but it also hooked me on the genre .
it 's not real danger there 's cheesy humor in most horror flicks that i appreciate the special effects are amazing even at their worst and there 's usually more of a plot than in most rom-coms .
there are certain sub sets of the genre that i prefer more than others and i wo n't ever watch human centipede no matter how many sequels they make for example .
not saying you should force yourself to watch horror movies but if you 'd like to dip a toe in visit r/horror .
it 's a great community that is more than willing to give recommendations to newbies .
i did n't have that great of an experience when i went a couple of months ago .
i still plan on going back though to give michael symon another chance .
a few years back i went to lola in cleveland it was fantastic .
paranormal investigators ed and lorraine warren work to help a family terrorized by a dark presence in their farmhouse .
what is that i that shares it and why is it separate from it ?
i 'm almost tempted to buy a train ticket and head over to the liberty myself ... it 's looking like it 'll be a good'n
yeah exactly the fat kids in families which can afford food mean the ones in families which ca n't obviously have no problem at all .
and yet the 'fat kids ' are from the poorest backgrounds
the families which are spending too much on food obviously mean that the families that ca n't spend on food at all are just fine .
not ca n't wont..through lack of education on how to eat properly all the way down to blind selfishness and prioritising a pack of bensons and cider over putting food on the table ...
sure thing that 's why the use has exploded .
the fact it coincided with austerity policy benefit changes and benefit sanctions is just a coincidence .
it 's because of those pesky charities with agendas to push .
not soley but yes they have an agenda and people myself included love something for nothing ... once again look at the figures spending on food is down from 33 to 16 food is also now cheaper than its ever been .
think about who is telling us that there is food poverty ?
the fucking charities who need the idea to exist .
i was about to ask is n't cervical spinal cord transection the medical term for internal decapitation ?
wow just when i thought i could n't love the man anymore than i do !
if anything the epihl will lose a team at the moment with bracknell and manchester struggling fincially .
but that 's only because we do not talk about fight club .
double-clicking the title bar to maximize/minimize a window has been a behavior since at least windows 95 i do n't think it can be disabled
i was concerned for the internet for a few moments .
but i 'm referring to the everyday kinds of cases er docs and some homeless shelters see .
the patients show up barely functional and then pass out and start flailing .
the problem got so bad in the city that the city took over services like security in homeless shelters .
usually the trained officers appear to just remove hazardous objects near the patient and let it pass before taking them to the hospital .
they do restrain patients if they appear to be a significant threat to themselves or others but i do n't see them snapping people 's spines or anything .
in those cases i think a patient can reasonably be considered to not have autonomy for a short period of time .
that is darius lane unless aatrox jungler gets him going .
assuming you 're gon na be vaping weed out of your crafty the last thing to be worried about is getting the vape in the mail if you 're worried about getting caught breaking the law .
increasing traffic volume capacity i.e. building more road space is what i meant .
you 're complaining that there is n't enough space in the instant you overtake a bike .
really the hold ups in traffic is a too large mode share of single occupancy vehicles vs more space efficient people movers .
i 've owned both dk1 and dk2 and both times the novelty wore off after quite quickly due to the lack of decent content that was floating around at the time .
saying that i sold my dk2 in anticipation for the cv1 or vive release and i miss it .
there are games like elite dangerous and alien isolation which once you 've played in vr you just ca n't go back to the 2d version as it feels like the fun has been removed .
the best experiences on vr imo are driving games though .
i remember sitting on my race seat at my wheel and having my keyboard rested on my lap in live for speed and at the start of the race i went to place the keyboard on the games passenger seat and was taken back when i heard it thunk onto my wooden floor in my living room .
skyrim with vorpx also blew me away when i first tried it .
the game back then was generally unplayable due to not being able to read the menus correctly but just walking around and seeing the size and scale of the creatures and these huge mountains in the distance was a great experience .
i 'm preordering tomorrow on the dot if you have n't figured it out yet .
m i had an account but no i do n't use it .
quite a stand then i 've seen keato she ... she has an interesting body .
i 've not seen her in a while sadly .
he could have tripped walking by the servers and spilled coffee on it .
i did n't say he was sitting a desk .
i honestly do n't see why everyone is worried about the federal government doing it .
the local police steal citizens shit all the time including firearms and no one makes a big deal out of it .
it could be but that he is just selfish but i think its a little bit more serious .
regardless if op is leaving him i think he should check this out .
i 'm by no means a solid lifter yet but i 'm not out of shape though i only had a light breakfast before the session .
upon reading i have heard that some people need more food pre workout to avoid this type of thing .
you also risk losing traction or finding it 's a lot deeper than you expected so it 's good to slow down for that reason even if you do n't care about other people .
do n't you ever just want to pig out on some trashy singles ?
i can only hope that wes 's machinations and nany 's sass will combine to ruin some shit .
it 's also interesting that nany and wes will both be gunning for banannas ...
my 7.5 and 9 are managing fine my 10 is having a miserable time .
actually you 're probably right on this if i was to rewrite the discussion i probably would have made it more differently .
he wo n't even let us upload our characters we 're not the ones who messed with him either .
no real proof behind it but my buddy came up with the phrase oh snap ! ''
we were in about 3rd grade and could n't swear so he decided to come up with a g-rated version of the classic '' oh shit ''
we 've pushed your shit in for the last decade and a half and now you want to get cocky .
broke my first hydrometer in almost 30 years of being around them .
lets say i have a beer that i want to bottle before it is possible to get a new one everything is closed for orthodox xmas any brilliant ideas ?
sisters of battle models are also really old one of the sisters is like from the 1980 's iirc
the stock vehicles do not work this way but some mods like the unimog on the farm sim website work as you would expect .
if you have one 2016 resolution make it to watch all peep show .
season 1 the concept was still finding it 's feet seasons 2-5 is the best scripted comedy ever made imho .
if you want just a sampler before committing i used to show s04e05 the barge trip s04e06 the wedding or s05e01 when they go to the theatre .
i 'm truly jealous of those of you who get to enjoy this for the first time .
unfortunately you wo n't be able to make a 1440p/144hz build that 's within your budget so i opted for a skylake 1080p/144hz build .
normally i prefer a 980ti to a fury but a 980ti wo n't fit into the budget and the fury is still a great card .
you 're not going to hit 144fps on new aaa games at max settings but if you lower some settings you should get pretty close .
pcpartpicker part list http au.pcpartpicker.com/p/tk3x7p price breakdown by merchant http au.pcpartpicker.com/p/tk3x7p/by_merchant
my wife is adjusting but i understand why it is hard for her .
i think she 's also surprised at our contrasting reactions .
yeah i know for a fact my phone does this because it 's vibrated without a notification while in my hand several times .
especially if they have a good selection of micro brews .
it 'll really help with bringing the hipsters out at least .
the aka for letting me know i 'll definitely go have a look soon to see what they 're like .
reelsteady the best motion stabilization software available afaik follows me on instagram p
austin tx a few years back i saw a fairly attractive woman on crutches and a rolled up pant leg that held a sign saying on my last leg . ''
that one was genuine but i had lots of time to think about her under-bridge activities on my commute back to dallas .
of course businesses wo n't directly tell you what i said because making it easiest for the customer is their priority .
that 's not what this thread is about though .
it 's about providing people with information on what they can do to make people 's jobs easier .
it has to happen ... because jagr said it would .
bb im every day work in base ... im good in build ik all brew all pots and other things ...
highest elo we will 1v1 u im dont play very much on elo ... but im dont bad in pvp
do you have a good mic idh good but im need but new one
chase/kite im good in kiting but chase a bit less if i dont have good team ofc d
when i have more anatomy skills i 'll create it cause users have ask for ahri and vayne poolparty so i have to make them p
thanks for the feedback and do n't forget to share ! !
this subreddit r/help is specifically for tech support help with reddit .
try r/advice and perhaps tell people what country/state you live in since rules vary from place to place .
i am a bot whose sole purpose is to improve the timeliness and accuracy of responses in this subreddit .
it appears you forgot to include your location in the title or body of your post .
please update the original post to include this information .
do not delete this post and create a new post with the requested information .
the government 's office of personal management has been hacked and told me someone stole my fingerprint records .
i interned for a government agency a few years ago and they fingerprinted me .
now they 've been hacked so literal criminal hackers have a record of every single one of my fingerprints .
anyone with half a brain can now print my fingerprints with a 3d printer and leave evidence of my presence at whatever crime scene they 'd like .
how would i go about suing them for damages ?
edit hackers also gained access to my social security number address date and place of birth residency educational and employment history and other information from my background check .
in my troop everyone was treated equally and with the same quickness .
you should contact your local council head about the issue .
before that though i would tell the leaders how you feel to make them aware of the problem .
i am a bot whose sole purpose is to improve the timeliness and accuracy of responses in this subreddit .
it appears you forgot to include your location in the title or body of your post .
please update the original post to include this information .
do not delete this post and create a new post with the requested information .
1st time dwi offender however i was not driving .
any help advice or shared experiences would be appreciated .
this is a repost from the self section as requested
long story short 2 weeks ago i went into a restaurant ordered 2 drinks decided i had too much once i got behind the wheel .
i turned the ignition/heater on as it was 41 degrees outside and i did n't have a coat and passed out .
roughly 5 hours later i am woken up by police officers in the restaurant parking lot with puke and piss all over me and was arrested for dwi .
i submitted to a blood test as i was not able to pass the sobriety test and was arrested .
i do not have the results ultimately i believe that something was slipped into my drink but that seems fairly irrelevant at this point .
a police officer friend told me to get the tape where the video shows me sleeping it off in the car and to fight it as the video will show i was being responsible not an offender .
2 drinks should have left my system by 5 or 6 hours that i needed to have the blood work tested for date rape '' and fight it that way .
i spoke to an attorney and he offered his services for roughly 5000 to watch my case for me until it actually gets docketed and then we '' will try to have the d.a .
throw it out on obstruction of a roadway misdemeanor instead as they may not have enough evidence to actually convict me .
thoughts or suggestions on how to proceed would be great .
their billing support does n't have an 2016 option lol .
does the vatican not say it is a mortal sin to skip mass and holy days ?
it does n't cost that much to ship a car from europe 1000-2000 is what i found on google .
certainly cheaper than buying a new car although it would take a few days .
to any other members of topois reading this i urge you to for the moment stay neutral .
the toast kingdom has never done anything to harm us with the supposed exception of selling food in times of famine .
on top of this they are our ally in the war on mallock .
it 's not a skin color change from character creation it 's just a bat crown changing my skin to purple .
i did think she understood everything they were saying though but i thought she may be a spy of some type collecting information for another person/organization .
i 've built pcs in the past so i would imagine it all to be wired the same way .
when you mention integrated graphics are you referring to the integrated graphics of the motherboard ?
or is this in relation to the graphics card cpu
as far as i know these agreements between the candidates has not been made public .
even if they have the same agreement u/thecyclingman 's post is still relevant as it circumvent anti-corruption regulations .
i think i will get the shack burger and cheese fries ?
i hate when people say stupid shit like that .
spent most of my entire life in the midwest and 0f is fucking cold and just because it 's not the coldest it gets all year does not change that fact .
i live in phoenix now it is the equivalent of me saying that 110f is not that hot because we get 120f days .
but reality is 0f is that cold and 110f is that hot .
if she wrote her dates the other way i would expect that means she is in high school or something .
i clicked on next '' but it seems to be a post in a list of most viral '' images and has no indication to me of who uploaded it or what else they may have uploaded .
it definitely sets off all my scam senses but most things pasted in local do that .
am i the only one who thinks this is unacceptable ?
it seems pretty clear he has focused all his attention on the show at this point and the books take second priority .
not only does the man finish his own 1,200 page books which are outstanding btw but he was also able to finish another author 's series without massive delays .
i realize all authors wrote at a different pace but this is why we have deadlines .
i work in an office and all of my work is on a clock .
not only am i expected to finish a case within the clock but it is expected to be quality work .
it 's just a shame now that people who have been reading this series for almost a decade will now have to tiptoe around the internet for fear of spoilers once the show airs .
i 'm sure many people disagree but it seems to me that is a major showing of disrespect from the author .
i can pretty much guarantee that my 980ti will still be better than whatever the next console generation is .
your fucking 980 ti costs more than a console alone .
i have a 680 i got 3 years ago and it 's definitely not doing games as well as it used too .
feel free to list graphics cards that can run gta v released in 2009 .
still does n't take away from the fact that people want to play halo uncharted the last of us etc .
also guess what 99 of the list you posted are games that i 've either never heard of and/or are most likely not worth playing .
this is the argument of someone who does n't play on pc .
i have all 220 games i own installed on 2 4tb harddives .
from my couch in steam big picture mode i can access all of them and play them with the press of a button .
how is that not more accessible in every way to messing with disc boxes ?
also the games automatically update even when you are n't playing them .
that means no long updates every time you stick the disc in .
everthing you said there can be said about consoles also .
and oh if you did n't know you can own console games digitally too .
i just used put in the disc '' as an example of how easy it was .
okay i can back and off and agree that installing games on pc is almost as easy .
who the fuck says the best way gtav is on console because of pc hackers ?
literally the gta subreddits ... every time i see someone asking which platform to get the game on they say current gen .
you have no idea what you are talking about .
rockstar has total hack protection and will ban you for having even just some single player mods on your system if you go online .
hahhahhaha you have no clue what you're talking about .
you really think hackers have no way of avoiding anti hack systems .
i have friends who play gta pc and can testify for me .
the load times are better there are more people the graphics are better .
it is easily better pc and everyone knows it .
load times yes better well if you have a better hdd than on console which most people do .
more people ... well i 'm gon na guess there 's more on pc but not by a bunch .
ca n't get statistics about it but games like bf4 have quite a decent split in players over the newer consoles/pc .
that really depends on your pc running gta v at the lowest settings is pretty comparable to last gen graphics but of course if you 're able to max the graphics out it 'll be awy better than even current gen .
why would you want a console that only plays games
if you 're interested in playing games the rest does n't really matter not to mention 99.9 of people have some sort of shitty computer that they can do the rest of their stuff on .
that 's like asking someone why they would want a toast that only toasts bread ?
so they beat a slumping nv just before roster changes kinguin who were terrible at the time and they got two wins against fnatic and navi
hopefully we do get a limited release otherwise we have to wait for the bluray/dvd release .
i 'm from houston and my parents both graduated from uh so i was raised going to the homecoming games but i went to tamu because i 'm a rebel
he was folded into the ranks by the emperor .
when he was the master of his own destiny he fucked up the whole jedi order betrayed his friends and killed his wife .
i am a bot whose sole purpose is to improve the timeliness and accuracy of responses in this subreddit .
it appears you forgot to include your location in the title or body of your post .
please update the original post to include this information .
do not delete this post and create a new post with the requested information .
not long after he began going on dating sites like okcupid and pof .
his main and only picture is one with him and my daughter a preschooler .
i do n't want strangers on the web to see my daughter 's face .
i texted him that i wanted it taken off .
he sees why but is making it hard for me .
i 'm guessing because we had an ugly break up .
my concern is that he keeps on making different accounts and using the same picture on there and on other places like tinder .
i really do n't want my kid 's face on places like that .
even if it 's removed once he can use her picture again and i do n't have the energy to go track him down .
tl dr ex not the father uses picture of him and my kid on several dating sites .
by the time you get this on line bogles has an umbra or two up and you 're probably dead .
you cast it on turn 2 and then hit their hexproof dude with removal on turn 3 .
i 've wanted to buy his 8 bit fuzz for a long while now i just would n't have a use for it on my board .
i do n't think he 's comparing delicate electronics to firearms .
he 's trying to appeal to the common place security measures we use in everyday gadgets to the lack thereof in lethal weapons .
at the end of the day a firearm will remain a rugged '' mechanical device ... its just that the safety mechanisms may be more sophisticated .
what steps have you taken to appropriately introduce them ?
there is a plethora of introduction information available online from reputable sources to gradually work cats towards being able to tolerate each other .
edit seeing where you 're trying to keep them segregated .
keep in mind that if your mother 's cat just was n't socialized well when younger then there 's only so much that can be done .
you can also look into products that help to lower stress between cats such as feliway diffusers .
i play udyr and poppy jungle to decent success but i 'm looking to learn some of the meta junglers to help me climb .
we 're just trying to play things safe so no one is disappointed things could go well and it comes early .
like the lake snow effect over by great lakes .
users who annoy me i just do n't engage with .
if you forget your past you are doomed to experience it over and over again !
do you know how serious wedgie issues are with women 's underwear ?
admittedly it is usually other women that judge other women for trying to discreetly adjust themselves but still .
steve jobs dying is just karma doing its job properly .
it 's not my fault he had his dick in your mouth when he died .
i 've heard people refer to jerking off girls before .
it 's a feminist reappropriation rather than a description of a physical act
choose a different job if you really need the help .
it just did n't go through clicking the submit '' button did nothing
also down to play any role in the ladder reset group !
one of my mission companions was from hong kong and acted as a translator for some of the meetings here .
i lived in havre for 8 years and made that drive many times .
everyone needs to experience the drive from cut bank to glasgow at least once in their lives .
i will stop following the nfl entirely i 've been weening myself off of it for the past 5 years
the view past the planet is nice but the planet itself looks ... bad .
the single light source model and lack of ao are really killing this shot .
is this representative of what it looks like on planets ?
'the plan would work if someone would give me a good weapon ! '
i loved how they had parent/school sessions to keep us updated and provide parenting tips .
started when they were 6 and then happened every 2 years or so after .
at the 12-14 meeting they also brought in a rep from the police who gave overview of i.a .
sex crimes they observed towards teens tips on warning signs things we should tell the kids etc .
also when they were 12-14 they focused in the class room on porn consent coercion respecting boundaries when the time is right etc .
wish i 'd had that insight given to me .
i 'd have to think that discontinuing the the 007 would be a huge mistake for seiko since the 007/009 are so popular with watch enthusiasts .
edit some people in the comment section think it is a typo referring to the 7002 being discontinued .
i hope so it would be a shame to see the skx007 go out of production .
circle jerk all you want the game is far more interesting and fun to play because of his champions .
eight months is n't too short but you should book your vendors very quickly .
i 'm having an 80-person backyard wedding and here 's what i 've paid for the things you mentioned
photographer 2,500 this is a splurge you can go cheaper
rentals 1,350 includes tent chairs tables tablecloths delivery setup and taxes
other stuff you may not have considered in your budget but we ended up spending on
shuttle to/from our backyard 500 we did n't have parking for everyone
prices may vary in your region but aside from our photographer we went pretty low-to-mid range on everything .
i 'm currently at work and we have sit stand desks .
it 's a reference to the office the main characters get married in relatively similar circumstances .
unfortunately it does n't but i appreciate your effort !
i 'm still at it but i 'm about to call it quits for being not worth the effort .
also maybe i 'm imagining things but i feel like korey talks over everyone too much especially marcus .
sure if the copy was made by a blind drunk monkey on his day off of randomly typing shakespeare .
playing on par '' does n't mean much though .
i have a 2.9k friend that i regularly duo with i 'm around 3.6k and whereas he can play on par with the higher mmr people that does n't mean he is as good as them .
he makes mistakes that i do n't see other people make .
he also does n't have the decision making and game knowledge to know when to make more aggressive plays yet .
and i regularly play with the top '' people .
they are only 300-400 mmr higher than me typically but the skill difference is definitely there .
i 'll keep this in mind for my next yellow card .
i actually have a similar rule but mine says if by page 50 i 'm not interested ... . ''
i usually follow it but as i said i was n't just the story that was disappointing but also the writer 's style .
i understand that the story can get more thrilling as it evolves and it usually does but i think that the author 's writing style rarely changes throughout the book .
i would n't think a microfiber cloth would work but i like that idea of being more gentle
din 3 indicii 1 foarte complicat sa fie pus sa ne incurce ?
dana vespoli from i ca n't believe i took the whole thing 5 ''
we had a couple of doozies in that time frame .
one year was rocky arguments but that was around the 15 year mark and we had 2 deaths in the family a major crop failure my favorite cat had died and 12 water line breaks during sub-zero weather .
that said i agree 4 major fights in one year over non-life changing events ... not normal .
do you take your birds out hunting on adventures and stuff ?
i saw five hawks flying in a row once is that normal or did i see a miracle ?
can you take multiple birds at once or do they attack each other ?
talk to an attorney and sue her for slander .
your good name has been soiled and she holds liability for her slanderous comments lies your loss of reputation and your emotional distress .
since there are no time machines to travel backwards through time her money will do perfectly fine to make you whole again in the form of compensatory as well as punitive damages .
heavy exercise and extreme diet restrictions as purging after a binge .
it just keeps coming back once a week or sometimes twice a week .
you tell yourself just one but then you end up stuffing your face in the food .
the truth is that you have to give up the idea of weight loss and body shape first and forget all about dieting altogether .
i deleted myfitnesspal and stopped using kitchen scales and weight scales .
i stopped caring about my weight and i stopped weighing out food .
i read the book intuitive eating to reestablish my healthy relationship with food and body image .
i also purchased the book brain over binge to know that i am in control and i the human brain can let the animal brain yell at me to binge but human brain can ignore the urge no matter how strong it is and eventually the habits would go away .
my suggestions would be stop tracking stop weighing yourself and definitely read the two books i suggested because i have n't binged and i have n't gained any weight either from not tracking or weighing .
do you think that ryse goty could go on sale ?
i am waiting for it but i think the price did not changed for long time .
and for a victorian cunt to be saying something is nice you got ta know it 's probably really nice .
it 's arduous but a vipassana meditation retreat could be beneficial for you .
it 's training to deal with the inevitability of suffering .
may be worth checking out the dhamma brothers documentary .
haha i am going to steal this with your permission .
so the india soak test has begun a few days ago ... no one has a link for the ota from the soak test ?
leaving charger cables plugged in with no object to charge .
if there 's even slight damage to the cable then it is possible that the cable starts to try and use electricity and gets so hot that it can melt the protective platic layer or even cause a fire .
it 's funny because you were just cannon fodder sent to charge the machineguns as the experienced british troops actually won the war
fair enough honestly i was tossing up between those two powers as well but the whole super strength thing seemed a bit broad like netflix jessica jones technically has supernatural strength but she 's definitely no city buster .
that being said thanks for the input however i know absolutely nothing about star wars nor what being a jedi master actually means so i 'm just gon na stick with my ape if he gets stomped then he gets stomped i 'm just looking for a bit of fun as my username suggests lol and i just think it would be good fun to even just try convince anyone a rotating gorilla can be the ultimate combatant also i would n't know what power to give that jedi girl like i do n't think they 're too suitable ? ? ?
again could be wrong but i personally like the idea of a bloodlusted gorilla spinning towards their opponent at high speeds the red torn-ape-do if you will sorry that was terrible .
tl dr thanks for the consideration but i 'm just gon na stick with spinning willie if that 's aight i 'm just gon na lock that in right now .
free movie the curious case of benjamin button 2008 '' 1280p in hindi link to view avi without registering solarmovie
tells the story of benjamin button a man who starts aging backwards with bizarre consequences .
█ ► watch the curious case of benjamin button 2008 https dlinkes.ru/609j ? source=reddit keyword=the 20curious 20case 20of 20benjamin 20button 202008
█ ► download the curious case of benjamin button 2008 https dlinkes.ru/609j ? source=reddit keyword=the 20curious 20case 20of 20benjamin 20button 202008
█ ► online the curious case of benjamin button 2008 https dlinkes.ru/609j ? source=reddit keyword=the 20curious 20case 20of 20benjamin 20button 202008
█ ► watch the curious case of benjamin button 2008 https dlinkes.ru/609j ? source=reddit keyword=the 20curious 20case 20of 20benjamin 20button 202008
█ ► download the curious case of benjamin button 2008 https dlinkes.ru/609j ? source=reddit keyword=the 20curious 20case 20of 20benjamin 20button 202008
█ ► online the curious case of benjamin button 2008 https dlinkes.ru/609j ? source=reddit keyword=the 20curious 20case 20of 20benjamin 20button 202008
every propaganda item on the list can be argued to be true false and somewhere in between .
my point is that when we boil down issues to talking points like they hate our freedom '' or they want to hurt women '' or they want to rule the world '' we lose important information that should affect how we react to the situation .
and when those talking points strike at our emotions we throw all concern for whether they are true or not out the window .
btw the us ended up supporting the khmer rouge after leaving vietnam and instigated ethnic conflict in laos funded by money gained from the growing and transportation of heroin in the country which lead to the retaliatory ethnic cleansing of the hmong people in laos .
i think botaka is a perfect fit for the bench currently .
he offers pace a direct attacking outlet that byram does n't possess .
sam 's great at drifting inside linking up with the midfield/attack but botaka could be so useful against a tired opposition .
it 's a shame that evans does n't seem to want to use him at all .
putland is a pretty good replacement for richo when he plays in odi
there 's movie similar to that i think it 's called four rooms '' .
this is n't really a problem but when your pilot .
do a a let you set a spending cap ?
one reason why i would n't like a contract sim in this situation is because you may not notice it 's failed over and racking up the gbs is n't cheap even at 2.4p/mb .
i would n't want to use anyone other than ee/3 because i do n't like gprs .
i wish there were more mobile broadband sims where i could buy a block of data and leave it there for as long as i want i 'd rather see a you 've run out of data '' page than a huge bill .
vodafone used to do it this way but they 've since changed .
3-2-1 is close but of course you ca n't use it in something other than a phone
dxm is child 's play anyway in my opinion .
if you 're low dousing sure but the upper plateus really are something noteworthy it just takes a while to get there .
you for damn sure do n't take anything with something other than dxm in it and subjecting yourself to guaifenesin is amateur hour to begin with .
rite aid used to make gels that were just 10mg of straight dxm but parents caught on and most of the abusables are not as readily available as they used to be .
do n't think about the fact that your car is powered by literally thousands of explosions happening just a few feet in front of you .
but blowing up the planet would cause him harm .
also the english language has evolved since shakespeare 's days .
if you look at transliterations of it the spirit clearly says that no man born from a woman can harm macbeth .
oooh ok. what made her strike you as confident ?
i 'm trying to find out what works and does n't work for character development .
although i 've seen the aforementioned 'four rooms ' this was the one i came to mention .
miller and dante are awesome in their own right but i always found it interesting that spielberg and landis could do the two worst segments of a movie .
both were boring and trite versus the trippy/creepy of dante 's and the awesome/creepy segment by miller .
by sithis reading this really put me in the mood to play .
for anyone on this subreddit who hasn't seen the kendra sunderland library video yet
or maybe if you used rejack you would be invunerable for two or three seconds but you are n't allowed to use grenades or guns for thoose two or three seconds .
the majority of reddit use res anyway so gifv is preffered
or sonic http imgur.com/jzne7tp this link might be spoiler to some people
i think that is why people want her to be able to break her own webs so they can gain movement speed while slowing anyone who walks on the web .
that would give some sort of escape as well as still acting as an initiation .
jag gillar falafel och blev snopen att denna kommentar enda för produkten fått ligga kvar i över 2 år .
när jag googlade på vagaga var det ungefär vad jag trodde ...
the only way it could be worse is if it was a rat 's anus .
i recall about a month ago i googled him specifically because i suspected this has already happened .
so i do n't know why i 'm surprised .
the prosecutors delayed the trial until defense could argue that he was being held without trial '' and asked for his release prior to trial and it appears it worked .
i guess we can all feel a bit better knowing that there are many other killer cops that lurk our streets every day he 's just one more shark in a big ocean .
my one for r/ireland would be that the only drug i 'd like to see decriminalised and then legalised is weed .
the rest i 'd like to see remain illegal .
however for ireland as a whole this would n't be an unpopular opinion .
for me it turns me on much more to see her enjoying it .
i 'm fascinated by the female orgasm and the loss of control that accompanies it .
it 's a wonderful experience especially if you have roots there .
for anyone who 's interested especially those in the us the dollar is strong right now so you 'll get an excellent exchange rate .
japan makes it very easy for people to travel and are generally welcoming towards tourists .
here are some simple tips to travel in japan on the cheap
for flights check for off-peak rates usually in the summer and winter .
i do n't recommend traveling in july as it 's the rainy season and humid as hell .
i 've traveled to japan in the dead of winter on purpose and it was lovely with the snow in the mountains and all that .
if you do n't mind the cold go in early winter .
say these prayers five our father five ave maria and five salve regina '
of all the crappy things the catholic church stand for like original sin which alleges that all newborn babies are damned from the start this practice of setting an arbitrary number of repetitions of a prayer as an empirical judgement that it will make god happy is the most off-putting imo .
of course all prayer routines set after a clock and in preset order like islamic daily prayer and buddhist prayer cylinders feel equally fake and posing .
but to go okay say 3 ave marias and 2 our father if you accidentally swore and if you were caught without your habit on your head you will of course throw one salve regina in there as well '' it just sounds so corrupt and totally fake .
if there ever was an immortal creator being he does n't do goddamn arithmetic and keep tabs like frigging santa claus .
it 's not the nicest photo since it 's my id card photo but i hope it 's clear enough and everything http imgur.com/wtml7u0
i thoroughly enjoyed myself and am glad to have signed up to the fight !
i suppose it 's akin to the cat schrodinger refuses to admit is freudian ?
as i cradle faith i whole-heartedly respect the boundaries of everyone in their discovery of just what the hell we 're doing on this spinning rock .
i know you said you 're not looking for an answer but what is life if not discovery ?
i try to keep my god thing personal because as we all know it 's not a conversation piece until it 's a debate to most sadly .
that said while i may 'have faith ' there is the science side of it with the logical view based on centuries of madness .
the logical view not the madness of what 'religion ' 'justified ' in the past
truly as it is said to each their own .
if we could all learn to stop killing each other over it we just might evolve past our baser flaws and learn to breathe .
offending deceptive people does n't sound like a problem to me .
asking an honest person for proof is likely to offend them and it suggests you are used to being around untrustworthy people .
i would just ask for a skype call because i find txt inadequate and frustrating '' which is the truth .
also i would be nervous about getting into a relationship with someone who is n't comfortable with real-time calls and who might withdraw behind a txt wall if things are difficult .
i checked my personal collection and i do have 3 stormtroopers with pure black heads .
torsos are different from the death star ones though .
i can take close up pictures of all the stormtroopers i have if that helps .
when a man goes for virtual vacation memories of the planet mars an unexpected and harrowing series of events forces him to go to the planet for real or does he ?
not having sharpness+1 is why i would have kicked you if i were the person hosting the quest .
i bet every day everyone in the town walks out onto their porch at first light with a several-generations old mug filled with some steaming hot chocolate a breakfast pastry made with grandma 's scratch recipe and smug look on their faces thinking just how perfectly picturesque their little town is .
the above comment gave the flare thing which is similar for the druid .
for the shadow monk i got a great idea from another sub to give him limited control over his shadow !
maybe i 'll work it into a mirror image later on .
you are a genius and as well as discovering i3blocks i have found a lot of snazzy new tricks like remindme
well i 'm sure this thread wo n't be depressing as fuck
chomsky is incredibly hostile to marxism dismissive of dialectics and snarky in a stemacist way about social science in general .
i suppose the downvoters do n't know that or do n't care about cambodians .
yea i knew that thought they looked more like the great lakes of north america being so close together
hey im a daggerfall orc dk tank and im totally new to the game .
only lvl 7 and looking for some adult players who dont mind showing me how to lvl and wan na have fun .
i realize that there are a lot of disney inspired wearables out there but i tried to not rely on those .
there were n't a lot of good options for her and i just felt like it was coming off really racist so i gave up because i need to do laundry anyway xd
i built walls around my settlement and then fast traveled away then back .
now when i came back i had forgotten to build a gate and now can not get into my settlement .
am i locked out for good or is there a way to bust down the walls ?
so on the dominos app after you make an order it gives you a screen that shows you the 10 rewards points you acquired for making the order and underneath it has a section for bonus points . ''
what are those bonus points and how do you acquire them ?
i have n't played dota 2 in a really long time .
how do i get back into it and where do i find out what i should be doing now as far as starting items and meta .
you know i always hear this idea that feminists think drunk sex is rape from third party sources like mras but rarely do i ever see one actually claiming all drunk sex is rape .
i think people like to force this idea that feminists think this way as a method to try and discredit them as nuts .
though there is still a vocal minority that believes this .
i think the reason one would reach this conclusion is because alcohol is the number one date rape drug and it 's just easier to say all drunk sex '' is wrong then have people try to get as close to the line of having sex with a really really drunk person without it being technically rape .
and rapists actually prefer using alcohol over force to blur the lines of consent to make it easier to get away with .
you hear about those frats trying to get freshman girls who do n't know their limits as drunk as possible and that 's disgusting .
i think the backlash from that kind of culture has swung some people in the direction of no drunk sex period .
how i feel about it is if you have actual morals that do n't rely entirely on the law and would rather go home thirsty than rape someone you 're fine .
i think most people who are n't psychopaths have that instinct .
i saw the question in the sidebar but there 's so much new information that has come out in the past 3 years about this kind of stuff that i think it 's possible people think differently now in 2016 than they did even in 2013 .
also what would a pure version of the deck look like ?
one of my older pet chickens died yeah i caused it .
i originally was gon na post the backstory but whatever last month .
i cut her up and laid her raw heart in my chickens coop and watched them eat it .
i have had chickens for years i know that raw meat can be an issue .
i am most likely a casual sadist ca n't confirm as i have n't actually been diagnosed .
this guy is playing priest warrior and paladin at the same time .
i saw a video recently of sasha grey sucking a cameraman 's dick in some sort of behind the scenes style porn marathon .
around her were a bunch of porn shoots going on at the same time and the title mentioned a porn marathon .
just wondering if anyone has any idea where the rest of the scene is or if it 's possible to get another scene from the same shoot .
i laveyan was talking with my girlfriend antitheist about what we believe as a religion and i started thinking about something where has satanism grown as a religion ?
where are our forefathers of thought truly questioning what it is to truly be a satanist ?
and yes satanism is different for each satanist but why are n't we discussing our views and growing in our faith ?
can i use a star citizen gift card that i buy on my own account like to add 10 dollars
i am not able to connect to any of the following
console indicates attempted connection to web socket 0.0.0.0:0 which is invalid .
i think that whatever maps are running they are too full and no more players can join .
recently it seems like players are being crammed onto fewer maps for a particular region/mode .
for example oceania teams mode used to have 3-5 maps running now there are only 1 or 2 despite an increase of players due to christmas/summer break .
if a reduction in the number of available servers is occurring for other regions then it is a major reason behind the increased lag of late .
can anybody else connect to one of the above servers region/mode ?
i do n't remember this being announced in any weekly update .
maybe it was snuck into the cyberdogs update or something .
hi everyone ... looking for a little help on dynamic cascading selects .
i 'm trying to figure out how to bind a data set to a select option so that the next select options would change based on the selection .
i 've been going through the documentation youtube laracasts etc ... and no one seems to do hardly anything with select options .
so far i 've managed to interrupt jax 's jump+stun so that he got knocked back and missed his e also managed to interrupt rammus powerball so he got knocked back and could n't get in range of taunt .
they changed the lee thing i think but other than that what hidden techniques do you people here know ?
this has been going on for months and months .
probably over a year now that i think about it .
and it gets way way way worse if i 'm woken up shortly after falling asleep during a nap .
looking for best offer at this point i do n't really know what else to include .
please point out any mistakes in the comments so i can fix them .
i was unable to do a sweep to check for inactive players this weekend so i will do it asap .
like the title says i 'm trading both of these for keys and adds .
i 'd like no more than 2 skins for the adds please
here 's my trade link https steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new ? partner=197199379 token=f9u1n5yu
just got my ps4 hooked up and running nicely .
as the title says what settings have you changed from the default ?
bonus question what is your number one piece of advice for fallout 4 ?
they already have enough of an advantage and now we have to use their servers every game too for that lovely 170 ping ?
try it select us only and see the glory of high ping ru servers .
so for the past 2 years i 've know this girl .
she considers me her best friend i think she was asking who i liked and she may have used it to try to get it out of me but i consider her one of my best friends .
we are long distance but i do have her phone number but we do n't text much i 've always start the conversations .
however she always starts the conversations in real life i am shy .
im assuming she likes me because she asks for hugs we met at a church and she gave me a hug and everyone assumed that i liked her so she stopped doing it there and only in place where there were n't a ton of people she knew i figured this out on my own .
it seems as though her friends and her sisters are hinting at it since they are very kind to me and some of them talk to me more than she does to me .
i 'm just going to add this in it probably wo n't help but i 'll do it just in case i texted her happy new year !
should have put we '' and she texted me ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ '' this may seem stupid but i 'll add it in just in case .
this might not help either but she likes to take a lot of selfies of me with her mostly with her and she only posted it once we too a selfie and she posted it on my story on snapchat not hers and most of the time she takes selfies on her phone i 've only taken one so i assume she will let me take selfies with her .
the first time we met it was on a bus on the way to a summer camp and her friend had thrown up in her seat so since her friend could n't since there she could have just sit straight up she asked out of everyone around her me to sit there .
i assumed a year later this was her attempt to get to know me or sit next to me or both .
i ended up doing that and i think we talked for a while .
supposedly she said that we got very close in only 3-4 days and after that event was over that 's when the hugging started to begin next event note that i barely knew her and she already began giving me hugs i have never seen her hug anyone else .
plus it seems as though she talks to me most of the time and i rarely see her talk to other boys and she especially never gives hugs to them .
she also tried very hard for me to tell her who i liked and she named off all of the girls i talked to of course her best friends that she hanged out while was around and one of her sisters that i talked to the most .
she even told one of her sisters to help her figure it out it was the sister i talked to the most and i told that sister but luckily she did n't tell her sister i think .
she is also always smiling and talking positive around me i think she 's always like that since she seems to always be like that but i do n't know .
but judging from what i know i think we both know we like each other but we do n't want to admit it maybe not yet .
do we both know that we like each other ?
seller refunded 1.50 from item but this only showed up on ebay 's mobile app as purchase refunded '' not partially refunded and did n't show the tracking anymore .
i message the seller asking in more words what ''
in a panic because shit i really wanted it i bought the same item for less in another store .
upon finding out it was a partial refund and still was n't shipped the preshipment info is sent but that 's all i asked for a refund .
ebay closed the return seller is n't going to refund .
i 'm looking to build a more competitive edh deck as my first one since i am not the biggest fan of playing purely for fun which i know is kinda terrible anyways the 2 generals that have been calling to me are either sen triplets or angus mackenzie if anyone plays a competitive or at least super refined list do you mind sharing a link so i can see what i can get into ?
if these are n't the generals i should be looking towards can someone point me in a similar direction to either of them ?
side note i 'm not looking for complete you will have no fun playing me '' as most people in my area are mid tier but i do want something that can put up a fight with stronger decks .
looking for an android game controller for an lg g3 .
the moga power a is going cheap on amazon but i thought i might try here if i can get a better deal on
so the emotiva mini-x is dead what amp should i buy other than it in the 150-200 price range .
familiar part of the track starts around 36 http www.youtube.com/watch ? v=jhgkjcuudos .
i 'm imaging the movie ends with a very sick older man listening to that song and contemplating something ?
i should have asked sooner here 's my code if you 're a new guardian https www.bungie.net/en/referafriend ? code=raf-hdn-yym-36k
during the scene where hux and phasma are discussing finn on the bottom left corner of the screen there appears to be finn 's personal file pulled up on a holograph .
the picture appears to be a young finn with aurebesh written around it .
does anyone have a still of this shot so we can translate what it says ?
i have not been impressed with how kessel has played with us as of late .
he is a very fast skater and shows his nice shot once in awhile but i feel like he misses a lot of opportunities .
from what i see he often misses a lot a feeds from malkin and other rebound chances that look like they could be a sure goal .
bottom line i just do n't think were getting the value out of him that we wanted when looking for a top 6 winger over summer .
was gorbachev 's glasnot and perestroika policies to blame for the ultimate collapse of the soviet union ?
alright this is a question asked a few years ago but i do n't remember all the answers so the topic .
what role s did afghanistan and pakistan play in either of the world wars ?
were there any pakistani exclusive units or were they all just integrated into indian units ?
i 'd love to pick him up for my leafs team put i want to know how long he 'll be out for to know when he 'll be the cheapest .
i did n't see anything on ea nhl or any of the dev 's twitter .
anyone see something i 'm missing or know how long he 's gon na be out ?
i just bought a 1970s smith-corona super g portable typewriter .
it works great and it looks awesome but having never typed on a typewriter before i 'm finding it difficult .
any keys using my pinky and ring finger like qwasxz and opklm are hardly even visible on the paper when typed and all the rest of the keys all seem pretty light as well .
i put a new ink ribbon in so it 's not that .
i know that is manual so it takes more force but the only way that i can get it to type well is to peck at it with one or two fingers which kinda hurts after a while and is slower and makes more typos .
is there anything i can do to improve this ?
also a lot of the time when trying to type hard to make the type more visible my fingers slide in between the keys .
i assume just more practice will fix that but over all what tips for better typing can you guys give me ?
yeah no hype hahaha just glad i picked him up sunday for my yahoo fantasy after trading rinne for oel .
dude posted 43 saves on 44 shots against nashville tonight !
i 'm just curious ... has anyone actually been successful in quitting cding for good ?
i want to have an ordinary life and i really do n't want to stand out .
however it 's really difficult for me to quit cding .
i 'd throw out all the clothes only to buy them again in future .
it 's beginning to worry me because now that i 'm approaching my 30s i have to start a family and i want to be happy in my marriage .
just like 90 of the new posts at the moment it is about the new update and scs vision of the game .
i was a pretty dedicated farmer since i reached th9 and really loved war as well .
when i reached th10 i slowly lost interest in wars because of the 3 star difficulty .
so farming is what kept me in the game .
i 'm the typical barcher in silver/gold who just looks for dead bases and i liked it because that is something you can do on the side or hardcore with boosts .
the 2 things that keep this enjoyable are 1. the high play time because of reasonable training times .
you want to be able to play for 30 min or play for 6 hours and 2. the feel of progression for the time you put in so you get the desire to play more .
right now you can put in the time with barch but get no reward for it so why bother .
my main concern with the way sc think this game is supposed to be played has to do with the potential playtime .
in the perfect game of clash they want everybody attacking and getting attacked by big armys and a lot of effort to get the loot .
i would n't mind doing loon attacks and wigibarch for reasonable amount of loot but the training times are a huge problem .
in the newest forum post sc says they want to improve resource saving '' and this sounds like they want you to lose less resources to progress easier .
the resource saving easy progression point is for me not a reason to come back to this game .
i dont care if i get like 1 mil per attack but can only attack every 1-2 hours .
this wont keep me interested for a long time .
you are forced to boost and even then it is still too slow imo if you want to train any other army comp than barch .
i think dark troops like the witch and golem should have long brew times to make them feel more unique and special when you make them and prepping for war should take some time but for farming troops this is ridiculous .
loons wizards and maybe valks should have the training time significantly not loot bonus significantly '' but like 50 decreased to make it possible to play this game like they want you to .
you should not always be forced to boost and it should also not feel slow as fuck even when you boost .
i do n't think the game was perfect and i think most of scs ideas about the game are good .
i think sniping was dumb and i would like to have more interesting divers farming comps and attacks but if that 's at the cost of basically playing the game than something is wrong .
one last message to sc if they happen to read it balance the game so war is fun again .
tl dr sc kills barch but training times for wizards and loons too long to enjoy the game .
requested my rma for my rival where the rubber was coming off .
receive an email back an hour later with my rma number .
sent my mouse back today and then updated the ticket with the tracking number .
2 hours later i received a promo code for 70 10 more than the rival
so i just ordered a replacement rival and also a qck for free .
after playing badwater_tilt and pl_angkor for the first time i 'm really desperate to find links to maps that go the extra mile into the zone of creativity .
lately tf2 just has n't been as fun for me especially considering i have like 5k hours in the game so the thought of new content that i have n't seen before or played a million times is really exciting .
also before you tell me to just go to tf2maps.net keep in mind just how long it takes to sift through that site for specific maps and that getting a download link can be hard even when you find a good map .
so like the rest of you i go for a remicade infusion every 8 weeks .
my premed is 50mg of benadryl and 50mb of prednisone an hour before my infusion .
however as i found out sometime since my second last infusion and the one today my body stopped the ability to metabolize the pill format of benadryl leading to shortness of breath flushing and a tight chest that left me without breath .
i 'm so lucky i was able to speak up quickly enough because they were able to get the pure form of benadryl into my iv line before things got worse .
what is supposed to be a 2.5 hour process turned into 5 hours .
i 've never been more concerned in my life .
tomorrow i set up another appointment with my gi doctor to see about getting the iv form of benadryl with my infusion as pills dont work .
there is a possibility that my current box has expired thus making the pill not work as its supposed to but we 'll see .
all i can remember is the movie is kid friendly and was maybe in a snowy type of area at first .
what i remeber is their was a train and it can walk around without being on a track and i think he had some friends with him to go and find something ?
around the early 2000s animated film and probably pg 13
318 hunter looking for a group to do the challenge with .
i am building my next character as my last one got turned to stone and no one really cared enough to turn her back and i was thinking bard .
more specifically a valor bard half-orc great weapon fighting .
a skald with a huge flute and a huge sword .
what i can not decide between is whether to start with a level of fighter and then later take heavy armor master or great weapon fighting as a feat or just stick with valor bard all the way through possibly taking heavily armored .
other tips on a melee two-handed bard build will also be appreciated .
i am in high school and i am currently attending sort of a trade school through my school for automotive technology .
i can do oil changes mount and balance tires do brakes change fuel and air and oil filters pull codes diagnose simple problems replace serpentine belts and more .
i 've applied at quick lube places and they seem to ignore me along with other shops .
the biggest thing is i am only open weekends as i am doing high school swim .
if i was n't doing swim i could have a job right now .
the main thing is that i want to work around cars my parents want me to get any job that 's available even if that means me working at mcdonald 's no offense if anyone works there .
hi guys i 'm fairly new to warhammer 40k and i 've encountered some difficult rules questions .
i 'm wondering how a khorne lord of skulls thunderblitzing/ramming an imperial knight would be resolved .
there seems to be a lot of conflicting rules about how this would be done and i just ca n't get my head around it .
any rules fanatics care to have a go at explaining it to me ?
3:1 for a karambit doppler p2 can add keys for a good float
i 'm open to others offers so feel free to let me know
so the story goes she found another guy online they talk a ton she says shes falling out of love with me .
then today she talks to a mutual friend and she says the real reason she left is she loved '' him .
after this she proceeds to show the friend a picture of his privates and continues to brag how its larger than mine a total lie not that it matters .
so she has already been messaging this guy pics .
here 's the reason i get mad and want to tell her shes being dumb .
i want to preface this by saying i do n't want her back so thats not a motivator .
he is a 15 year old who lives 200 miles away .
he is an alcoholic and has been arrested for child pornography .
he was showing pictures of other girls to random people online .
plus he even shared a video of him doing intimate things with a girl .
and she wants to be with him for some reason .
so i know the right thing to do is leave her alone and go no contact and let her ruin her own life and that 's where i am at but part of me wants to tell her or her parents that this is happening .
it would be stupid but part of me wants to .
tl dr girlfriend is dating a 15 year old who is an asshole of a person .
how do i stop wanting to tell her or her parents what happening .
i recently got interested in playing dnd after talking to many friends and seeing many sessions when i visit a local gaming store in my mall .
i was astounded at the complexity and character emphasis of it all and immediate fell in love .
so i wanted to dm a campaign with some close friends ... much to my dismay it was n't a great experience it was riddled with arguments annoying situations that i had to deal with on my part and a slow campaign that still has n't gotten anywhere .
so as i have grown more interested in the game as time went by and no party to play with i decided to come here for a request .
i want to find a specific party that would be willing to put up with a new dm who 's trying to learn and assist me to better understand the rules and help me formulate fair and helpful house rules or have me as a player in a campaign with a harder focus on teaching me the game .
i have the use of tabletop simulator what the first half of my first campaign was on and roll 20 i also have the pathfinder core rule book and frequently use 20pfsrd to help me with my campaigns .
i usually play with a more on-the-fly '' style with not to much meticulous planning but i do acknowledge that planning is needed and usually keep specific details secrets loot and branching paths plotted down .
i 'm matt and i just launched my thingybot on kickstarter !
i 'm not looking for a huge amount of money i just want to get this printer out there .
i have designed at least 10 printers and this is by far the best one i have made .
the quality is amazing thanks to the magnetic joints and solid construction thank you aluminum i love you .
here is a link to the kickstarter campaign https www.kickstarter.com/projects/1919209416/thingybot-delta-3d-printer but most of the information is copied below .
http www.thingybot3d.com thank you everyone and if you have questions you know where to find me !
the thingybot 3d printer is a fully assembled delta style 3d printer made for home office and school use .
it provides high quality high precision model reproduction with pla abs and more !
aluminum construction made out of sturdy powder coated aluminum that is precision cut to fit the components perfectly .
induction probe the induction probe makes calibration as simple as inputting one command .
stand alone printing the thingybot includes an lcd controller with sd card slot allowing you to print without a computer .
here http imgur.com/a/m9ief are some pictures of the printer !
and here https www.youtube.com/playlist ? list=pla4li9kx8atwjgc12xccwpleih0idybf6 are some videos of it printing .
also interested in game of thrones series uv hd .
my account is brand new but i would allow the person i am trading with to verify the code works before they need to give me theirs .
i remember it was going along smoothly for a while then there were no updates .
comment below with info or message adeurm or crush-proof619 .
there 's lots of hardcore draft nuts around these parts and as things heat up i 'm curious to hear some new perspectives .
scouting is an inexact science with sooo many variables but it 's oh so fun .
obviously the name of the game is figuring out how a player will translate to the nba and how they then continue to grow .
if a player has a great nose for where he is on the court in relation to other players the game combined with smooth body control fluid in their movements then we have a prospect we can work with .
sometimes you can get away with with an uncoordinated big man if they 're an elite athlete who 's young like 19 years old max .
james harden always had amazing body control and spatial awareness even in college .
you can identify these traits by their use of body balance footwork changes of direction efficiency of their movements awareness of their physical tools and how they use them .
but i look at it this way mass x mobility .
the more mass a player has the easier they can carve out space .
but more mass requires more twitch energy to move around .
a player might be really athletic but super skinny will barton or a player might be massive but does n't get to their spots as fast as others .
twitch athleticism synergistically combined with mass is where it 's at .
terrence jones was never a freak athlete but he could move a good amount of mass around .
it synergistically works well obviously not this season though lol .
people said draymond was n't athletic but he actually had good physical synergy going on .
if you have the two combos listed above mixed with a translatable nba skill or two say shooting or defending pick and rolls then you have a great slate to mold a player .
the spatial awareness x fluidity mobility x mass combo means all they can become something great once they train their nba skills .
maybe they 'll be a defender maybe they 'll improve their ball handling and be a slasher etc .
i look at someone like ben simmons and he might not have lebron james esque physical gifts but he passes this test with flying colours .
sure he ca n't shoot yet but the dude has a lot to work with .
for me this is the other half of assessing a player 's likeliness to succeed in the nba .
i 'm big on psychology and i 'm a big believer in that your subconscious mind creates your reality .
it 's hard to assess this stuff from the sidelines here and teams have private tests in place to get a feel for this stuff background tests psychological tests but i watch interviews and keep my ear to the ground for reports and look hard to get a sense for how they 're wired .
are more about team camadaderie or are they more self serving ?
are the positive intillgent competitive mentally strong etc etc ?
there 's no cut and dry way to assess this stuff but imo it plays a huge role in their career results .
if a player is reported to have amazing work habits work ethic then i make a mental note to put a big green tick next to his name .
these are the guys who come out of nowhere 3-4 years down the line .
so that 's basically how i assess a player 's upside .
if they tick those boxes then i start gushing .
and you know who ticked those boxes for me last year ?
dude is gon na be an impact player one day imo .
but there is a whole other part of scouting .
and that is figuring out which skills or traits they have can be translated over to nba .
there 's many traits to look at tactical awareness decision making creativity composure anticipation risk/reward recognition instincts motor/exertion etc .
i 'd like to hear everybody else 's perspective the actual tangible skills side of things i.e .
what do you look for in the way of nba skills ?
tldr i listed some facets i look for in prospects sorry for the length got carried away .
if my math and memory is correct i get about 9 medium to large sized bowls in my spoon pipe out of a gram .
this will only cover seasons 1 and 2 of the durarara ! !
someone asked me that and i beat him within an inch of his life .
in a universe filled with supernatural beings like dullahans immortals from baccano !
and demon swords shizuo according to word of god stands as one of the strongest characters if not the strongest character .
despite being only a human shizuo possesses near superhuman physical skills .
his power is likened to adrenaline '' power people possess in times of emergencies .
shizuo 's great strength is explained this way normally the brain restricts one 's power shutting down muscles in response to pain in order to prevent serious injury shizuo does n't have this limitation and is capable of using his full strength .
shizuo is quiet and reserved but has an extremely short temper .
for a majority of his life he hated his strength and he hated violence but he eventually was able to accept himself the way he was .
he is known for wearing a bartender 's uniform despite him working as a bodyguard for a debt collector .
throws a vending machine several stories into the air .
he also hits people hard enough to send them through solid concrete .
as a child his body was unable to withstand his own strength so he 'd injure all the time .
as time progressed his body became strong enough to contain his power .
more than a hundred pile up on him and he picks them up and punches through them .
his punches and kicks are strong enough to send people flying away without him even touch them .
recently injured shizuo uses a highway sign to slice off the top of a car .
https gfycat.com/reflectinggreatchameleon he then uses it as a javelin and chucks it several yards away .
gets run over by a truck and then proceeds to pick it up and throw it .
kicks a car down the street like it 's a soccer ball .
uses a traffic sign to break and chuck a van sized piece of the road .
speed reacts fast enough to catch a throwing knife between his teeth .
gets hit in the back of the head by a bat .
he bleeds but he just smiles and gets angry .
he proceeds to get right back up to chase izaya .
https gfycat.com/mediumperfectbuffalo but he does n't even register the pain .
he gets shot three times and is able to nonchalantly walk to the doctor 's to get treated .
https gfycat.com/watchfulnegligiblehoneycreeper he did n't even realize that he was shot .
brushes away a stun gun that had enough voltage to kill a normal human .
three knives fall and embed themselves in shizuo 's back .
aim dodges machine gun fire from varona one of russia 's best assassins .
scales a building and then runs fast enough to keep up with an 18 wheeler .
please do n't argue about real life peak humans compared to fictional ones .
the black bike is celty the dullahan and the bespectacled girl is the host of the original demon blade .
varona has already fought both of them yet she fears shizuo the most .
you can find more of his feats in his respect thread .
we currently have the 24th ranked class in the country according to 247 .
plus there have been a lot of decommits recently .
although butch did bring in a couple of great classes there were some key legacy players that helped to recruit other good players to ut .
should we be worried that recruiting may drop off and we 'll be getting classes ranked 20 ?
it 's obvious that butch has upgraded the talent level .
but a bad class can really set back a program .
... facial hair i think it grew because he suddenly felt older and he shapeshifted it .
sorry if this is a dumb question but is it possible to split screen two programs and have one keyboard operate one window and the other keyboard operate the other at the same time ?
for gaming purposes i want to be able to play a mmo on two accounts at the same time without needing two computers .
currently i can log onto both and splitscreen it but i have to switch windows each time i want to switch my character .
i 'm looking to buy one and i 'm torn between sterlingpro http www.amazon.com/sterlingpro-french-coffee-press-chrome/dp/b00duhacee/ref=sr_1_3 ? ie=utf8 qid=1452060542 sr=8-3 keywords=french+press kona http www.amazon.com/french-coffee-espresso-teapot-present/dp/b00fmjdj5c/ref=sr_1_4 ? ie=utf8 qid=1452060542 sr=8-4 keywords=french+press and bodum http www.amazon.com/bodum-chambord-french-coffee-chrome/dp/b00008xewg/ref=sr_1_6 ? ie=utf8 qid=1452060542 sr=8-6 keywords=french+press .
upon closer examination it 's pretty discolored and probably needing a filling .
any idea how much this is going to cost me ?
also any recommendations on which dentist i should check out ?
is this post from awhile back https www.reddit.com/r/runescape/comments/2cwo2t/psa_current_best_dungeoneering_binds still accurate in terms of best dungeoneering binds ?
i 've been using mage this whole time with celestial catalytic and it feels effective for clearing gd rooms with a ton of enemies but is using sagi shortbow a better primary ?
i see the guitarist change his capo three different times during the song .
i recently came across the vapecig big ger model relatively cheaply so i decided to pick one up .
it is my first mod/ecig type of gadget and i had a question regarding the batteries .
the paper that came in the box said to use 3.7v 3000mah ones .
due to where i live and everything ecig related being banned the only ones i could find were 3.7v 5000mah ones .
someone told me i should n't use them especially with a dna200 device due to a low amp limit 10 when i should be looking for at least 20 .
can i use the 5000mah ones to hold me off until i can get my hands on better ones ?
or should i not use them in the device at all ? ﻿
i think it 's a great idea to make tears stack energy lower than mana and make tears item relevant to energy champions .
i 've been playing fps forever but as i 've gotten older i 've lost my twitch and have gotten more patient so i 'm loving r6s .
i 'm traditionally a pc gamer never owned a 360 so i 'm still adjusting to playing with a controller .
i 'm not terrible but i 'm still learning the game/maps/etc .
looking for some chill older players with mics i 'm us central and have a career so i 'm not on 24/7 but i do get a respectable amount of play time in .
need some experienced kings fall guardians to help me get a 297 and a 293 through their first kings fall .
i 'm am sorry to be picky but i 'm kinda limited on time sadly .
i 've experienced sleep paralysis many times and this is not it .
over the last few months i 'll wake up from sleeping and look out i 'll see creatures or designs made of light .
they are usually fleeting and dissapear after a few seconds i 'm not paralyized when this happens and i can move .
i usually write it off as my eyes adjusting and/or my mind playing tricks on me .
i just had it happen again tonight but it wasnt fleeting and was nothing like i 've ever experienced .
i woke up suddenly about an hour after going to bed hovering over me was a shimmering web of light and another light creature beside it .
i jumped out of bed and ran to the light switch when i looked back it was still there .
i stared at it for a few seconds hoping my eyes would adjust and it would go away but it still stayed .
finally i switched on the light and it disappeared .
i was pretty shaken by this and stayed up for about an hour before going to bed .
looking for a group to run challenge mode this week .
so pretty much just want to get this done quickish .
the demonic king chases his wife the rebellious good-for-nothing miss
she a renowned assassin of the 21st century actually crossed over to become su manor 's most useless good-for-nothing fourth miss .
he the empire 's imperial highness prince jin was an emotionless overbearing demonic tyrant with unrivaled talent .
everyone knew that she was an idiotic good-for-nothing and bullied her as they pleased .
but only he the overbearing tyrant with the discerning eye just would n't let go even if his life depended on it .
for the time being let 's see how the clash of stubborn versus stubborn plays out in this good show of the chaser and the chased .
i keep glancing over and over at the faded green clock in my car dash .
11:45pm on a tuesday night in december and here i am back in the same parking lot in the same neighborhood i swore to myself i would n't come back to this soon .
i was just here yesterday and then two days before that and a day before that and ...
it 's been almost 24 hours since i 've felt that warm blanket of complacency wrap around my mind as if to say you need this to feel like yourself again. is life so jagged that you had to come back here to this place again in the hopes of grinding some of the edges off your monotonous existence ?
you say that you do n't need them these little blue thirty dollar tickets to a better understanding of who you are as a person to help unlock your ‘potential . '
you say that this will be the last time for a week that you have other things to spend your money on you have bills to pay and quite frankly it 's becoming harder and harder to stay wrapped in that blanket .
each time you come here it takes just a little more to feel the way you want to feel one more toe that ca n't quite get warm under the covers .
every passing minute feels like a missed opportunity to leave and break the cycle .
how did we get here ? the narrator to my life would be saying if this was a movie and the audience was looking for deeper contextual awareness .
freezing my ass off in a borrowed car from a friend who thinks i moonlight as a bartender to keep up with student loan payments the audience would learn about my first experience with my blanket when all it took was a few vicodin to keep my mind from racing and the pain in my ... no the narrator would stop .
our lead character is using that as a crutch to mask his addiction there is n't anything physically wrong with him .
or at least there was n't until he started parking his borrowed car in this fucking parking lot every other day .
he never takes this long something must have happened .
did i give him enough motivation to pick up for me ?
is he holding this over my head laughing from the apartments i can see through my fogged up windshield waiting for me to text again and again questioning how long until he gets here ?
he always comes through says the narrator to the audience ... and that 's where the problem began in the first place. yeah he comes through like a conquering viking pillaging the soft belly of my soul with blue poison-tipped daggers .
i need the pain to subside and i need my blanket .
i can almost imagine how my life is going to change in the next 20 minutes .
he 's going to jump in this car i 'll get everything i need and then i 'm done with this parking lot .
on wet pavement white lines and cars start to blur together and remind me of how close i am to my goals and dreams .
it 's like the painted boundaries of this parking lot are some sort of metaphor for my boxed in potential clouded by the haze of desire that continues to fog up this borrowed car in this parking lot that i wo n't be coming back to anytime soon .
all he needs to do is open the car door and i 'll be on my way .
driving with one hand on the steering wheel the other crushing and chopping crushing and chopping until i can finally rail myself back into my blanket .
sitting on his couch he closes his eyes with a half smile that only he knows the reason behind .
his girlfriend talks about the new shoes she 's thinking of picking up tomorrow the narrator says softly not wanting to wake me .
in my dreams the sky is blue but all i see are the white lines of a parking lot .
i mainly need help with my main deck ratios and what all i should add into my extra deck .
this is currently what i have been running the past two days .
after chaos dragons won my locals vs 3x pepe in .
top 4 i knew i had to try this deck out .
this is my basic list i 've gathered from youtube and testing any help is much appreciated .
2x jett synchron because i ca n't afford ghost ogre
i have two back to back 100ks a week apart to be specific in may 2016 .
both are elevation based roughly 13,000 feet per race but starts and ends at roughly sea level .
i finished my first ultra last may and was completely dead by the next day .
my training consisted of putting in as many miles as possible up to 75 mpw and literally no core .
i 've taken about 4 months off running now .
i 've been at the gym for the past 3 months and unfortunately but also fortunately added a hefty 25 pounds bringing my frame to about 150 pounds .
it 's been mostly compound exercises deadlifts bench press dips squats and very few isolated exercises .
i initially wanted to bulk up which i am done at this point .
my reps have gone up and the weights have gone down .
it 's more about lifting for an enduring amount of time at this point .
run purely for elevation during the week days and a super duper long run during the weekend ?
please do n't talk about nutrition because i love to eat .
i 'm known as the garage man at the dinner table .
but if there are non-nutrition related tips you could send my way please do .
ps i think the reason why my knees were completely shot was the sloppy form that resulted in the last 14 miles .
bad biomechanics puts greater strain on tendons and muscles which could have been a contributing factor to all that post-race pain .
looking through a bunch of top posts on this subreddit has got me feeling pretty frustrated ... y'all look so good and i want to get to a point where i feel good about myself too .
i 'm out to a couple of my close friends as genderqueer/transmasc but i have no idea how to start on hormones .
i 'm completely financially dependent on my dad who has been very supportive my whole life about queer stuff he guessed i was a lesbian before i ever came out to him as such and was pretty unphased .
he generally is supportive of the idea of trans people and trans rights but as far as i know he has never met a trans person and i 'm not sure how he 'd take it if i told him when he found out ablut my tattoo he didnt talk to me for 24 hours .
he pays for my current psychiatrist and i want to talk to him about switching to a new one who specializes in gender stuff but i have no idea how and i 'm so scared .
a lot of people have been up in arms about the latest update but as most of us are aware this in not the first time this has happened .
i feel that this is due to a general overarching problem with balance in this game the devs do n't do things in moderation .
well cast your minds back to the behemoth gate nerf .
they were n't nerfed slightly they were nerfed to high heaven .
were they weakened by 25 or even 50 to test the effect on the game ?
no they were reduced by 75 and are now so fragile that many are afraid to take their dinos out of their base .
or the attempt to nerf battle pteras which for a time made pteras completely worthless because their every perk was taken from them .
it was intended to be the apex predator of the island .
so was it made 2x as strong as the previous apex the rex ?
no it was made many times stronger than that .
so what do i think needs to be done ?
it would be nice if whenever a stat change was needed i minor one was done first to test the waters as it were before anyone even considers implementing a massive alteration like 75 i do n't know if the devs panic a bit when they get flak for a creature being powerful but the nerf that inevitably follows tends to seem reactionary and overkill .
ok that about sums up what i wanted to say .
and just in case anyone in under the illusion that i hate this game i would n't write a reddit essay on a game i did n't enjoy immensely .
hello everyone i live in sweden having recently moved here from the uk in mar 2015 .
i am currently setting up a csa farm but at the moment i am lacking in any sort of machinery .
i have been extremely lucky and landed myself 5acres of land to rent which has been very roughly plowed .
i have my eye on a cultivator that i might be able to afford at the end of this month but i am struggling to find attachments for it .
do i need to buy various different walking tractors ?
i had stupidly assumed you just purchased add on 's for them .
i 'm new here and reddit seems like a great place to ask for advice .
during these two years he has been an amazing boyfriend .
he always makes sure i am happy treated well respected .
he is very well respected man hardworking determined and responsible .
after a few months into our relationship he revealed to me that he has been doing drugs weed recreationally with friends mdma shrooms cocaine hard drugs only once possibly more if he has n't mentioned it to me yet .
he had a difficult time telling me this because he was afraid i may think of him differently .
i did n't get mad at him instead i was glad he was honest .
i asked him questions out of curiosity about the drugs so that i could understand him better .
i honestly do n't mind him doing pot with his friends .
he chooses to not smoke in front of me .
but as time went on he started talking more about our future .
once he randomly mentioned that if we were to get married one day he would stop taking drugs .
in another day he mentions that if we were to live together he would like to continue smoking weed in the house when i 'm around .
he would also mention that if we had kids he would never smoke in front of them and only smoke somewhere else .
the more he talked about it the more i felt uncomfortable .
if my family found out my boyfriend was taking drugs my throat would be sliced .
at the moment they love my boyfriend and think he is the perfect match for me .
or at least that is what i think right now .
his usage of drugs does n't seem to affect him negatively in any way .
i see it more in a way to bond with his friends .
he graduated from a great school has a great job and his responsible enough to handle himself financially and emotionally at this very moment .
people have warned me to be careful in the future .
and to not be in a relationship with a man who does drugs .
to be honest i feel a bit uncomfortable with the thought that he uses weed and i would prefer not to do it with him .
i 'm wondering if this is a sign to re-think my relationship .
should i continue this relationship and see where it goes or leave ?
should i confront him about the fact i feel uncomfortable ?
i would also love to hear from those who are in a similar relationship .
boyfriend talks about our future and would like to continue taking drugs
i 'm trying to find a story where a boy joins a new school part-way through the year but is not allowed onto the already full football team .
to keep involved in sport he volunteers to be a water boy towel boy something like that but is assigned to the cheerleading team .
then they take a bus to a hotel and fun ensues .
i 'm fairly new to ffxiv but seem to do pretty well in my chosen role as a healer .
edit whm but recently i 've been trying to tackle cutter 's cry in the duty finder .
yea i know ... that 's always a bad place to start .
but i just ca n't seem to get this second boss fight and i have been getting a lot of slack for it .
let me explain first party i told them right at the beginning i was new .
nobody said anything about it did n't bother explaining any mechanics to me .
and then the blm gets super mad because we had a wipe on the second boss while i was doing a pretty good job holding things up despite how sloppy the group was as a whole .
in particular the tank was not very good taking a lot of damage and the dps were always stealing agro .
we wait for like 5-10 minutes for a tank after getting chewed out by this blm and even though he was a fuck-wad it still got to me a little .
then i had another group things started off rocky because our tank d/c 'd almost right away in the dungeon .
so we waited and got a new tank that was actually rather good .
again i let the group know i was new when we entered the dungeon .
then we got to the second boss fight and before we went in i asked them to explain the mechanics .
they said get the boss to 0 and do n't get rek't '' and then we were in the fight .
the boss did his stupid tunneling underground thing and without another word i got voted out of the party even though i was apologetic to everyone for having gotten killed and therefore causing a wipe .
i feel like i just had some really bad duty finder luck here and got a bunch of assholes who think everyone should automatically be a veteran player but like i said i have n't had any trouble healing before .
i 'm even really good at switching between heals and dps without any problems .
but that said i still have no idea how to do that second fight in cutter 's cry .
any advice on what to do as a healer what to watch out for ?
benched mov henrique mov d. sedin mov vrbata mov drouin mov hoffman and mov maatta .
but i think i could have done better with the dmen if i would have started in november .
i have enough to complete one of the mvp sets and i 'm looking for a good o-line player .
overall which one of these players is the best in your opinion or is there a more profitable mvp set that i could complete ?
of course i 'm going to watch the tournament part but are there any sort of events/giveaways they typically do that i should be aware of ?
my tenancy contract is expiring next month and i would like not to renew my contract .
am i legally entitled to the 3 months notice ?
edit agreed with the ll he was more than happy to put his appt on the market back
i am a player that primarily plays conclave in warframe .
once i obtain all the weapons and frames i want from pve i play conclave .
honestly it 's a unique pvp experience that i feel has a lot of potential but if you have tried conclave you were most likely turned away due to the unbalanced and frustrating nature of the game mode .
there are people who argue that warframe is a pve game and therefore conclave will never and should not be balanced .
those that have this view are essentially saying that de should n't work past the obstacles in order to provide us with a more enjoyable experience .
de has made strides to effectively implement pvp into warframe especially with the introduction of the new conclave and the frequent changes made to the conclave .
i know that it is extremely difficult to balance a game especially a one like warframe that has gone through so many drastic changes .
despite the changes to conclave i feel that they are n't aggressive enough .
most of the frames were created without pvp in mind and because of this there are frames that perform drastically better in the conclave than others .
in addition if you actually play conclave regularly then you are aware that there are those go to exploitable weapons '' that are used because they will get you kills .
once those weapons are hit with a nerf more always seem to pop up .
i would like to make a few suggestions simply because i love to see this game grow .
instead of energy abilities would be have cool downs based on how effective they are .
abilities that are used for utility or minor damage would have short to moderate cool downs that are automatically refreshed each time the player dies .
ultimates and abilities that have a big impact on the game would have long cool downs that would that would not reset when the player dies .
these abilities would not be usable at the start of a match .
the player would have to wait for the ability to come of of cool down as if they at used it at the very beginning of the match .
some frames are just better at conclave there is no denying it
abilities of less viable frames would need to be modified to bring them up to par with other frames .
this has already been done to an extent such as ivara 's quiver having different arrows that are n't in pve but this should be done on a larger scale .
i 'm sure someone else is out there who loves pvp but their favorite frames just are n't suited for it .
i know some may not like this suggestion but bring stamina back to conclave only .
melee attacks and bullet jumping consume stamina however it rapidly regenerates .
when the player has no stamina they can still melee but damage is reduced .
although these suggestions are not very in depth i think they could change conclave for the better but as of now conclave just is n't living up to its potential .
as the title says i expect a new map design reveal on 9th of january or even earlier due to swc but for season 2 the map redesign was revealed on 9th of january 2015
i watched the new cinematic trailer earlier today and that map looked beautiful if that can only be for conquest !
i do not know about other parts of the world but in my part of the world depression is not a thing that is usually taken seriously in fact many will just laugh it off .
to them it will come as a shocker to learn that depression is actually a mental disorder .
it presents with such symptoms as persisted sad/anxious mood loss of interest in many things low self-esteem disturbed sleep patterns and variations in appetite lack of energy poor concentration decreased energy irritability and even thoughts of suicide .
according to the world health organization who depression is a worldwide phenomenon affecting over 350 million people as of 2012 .
the who actually estimates that by the year 2020 depression will have risen to 2nd place in the global burden disease listing and by 2030 be well ahead of heart disease world over .
it is now generally agreed that depression is majorly caused by life experiences .
in some cases however genetics play a key factor .
the world federation for mental health also adds that certain personal patterns for example difficulty in handling stress lay fertile ground for the disorder to set in .
today as a result of intensive research that has gone into the illness even those with the most severe depression can get better with treatment .
i watched a video yesterday on super motherload and paperback and these games seem to bring something very unique and exciting to this genre .
i was wondering if you guys knew anymore that were like this ?
hvordan undgår jeg at mine gear på min cykel fryser fast i ét gear ?
er det bare wd40 i kablerne eller er der et andet trick ?
you guys have helped me a lot when calling/contacting customer support just sent me in circles .
hello all i have a question regarding formations and detachments .
i last played in 4th edition so i 'm not used to the new ways armies can be made up .
my question is about whether this would be battle-forged .
if i have a primary detachment that is a combined arms detachment from the chaos space marines codex can i take an imperial knight as an oathsworn detachment '' ?
i understand theyre come the apocalypse allies but i figure the rules restrictions aptly represent a chaos knights psychosis .
or can only armies of the imperium take codex imperial knights as allies ?
this is the man that prevented jack from killing alex at the end of the movie .
he was also at the diner with jack and his daughter and i believe he was looking at jack out of a car window .
in the credits he is simply goatee man '' i 'm looking for any theories as to who people believe this man might be .
i 've seen several threads with people asking for ways to find a name for their characters .
i 'm making this one to help any future writers that come here with the same problem .
keep in mind that this is just what i do .
you do n't have to do it if you think i 'm full of shit .
which is totally fine as long as you do n't tell me that .
you 're going to want to try and draw out a word that summarizes their personality or their role in the story or something that just fits their theme .
for example if you have a really hot-headed character you might come up with anger '' or angry '' or fire '' or asshole '' .
i 'm gon na give a generic example with rage '' .
once you have your word simply search up names that mean your word '' and find something there .
i 'm gon na pretend my character 's a guy .
now look it up in other languages http www.indifferentlanguages.com is fucking sweet for that and find a foreign word that looks cool .
anger '' has got colère '' in french which sounds far too soft zorn '' in german which could be cool if your character 's an alien and ira '' in latin which i 'm gon na use .
i think ira '' is the prefix of irate '' .
now just twist around your foreign word till you have something that would fit your character !
you can mix in other words if it 's too short .
anger '' in danish is vrede '' which sounds cool as shit .
oooh shit this motherfucker 's a viking or somethin ' .
stuermer irved the no-bullshit size-of-a-tank german dude is here to mess y'all up .
i thought it would be a fun post to share all our wedding bargains !
weddings can be so expensive sometimes so lets share all the great finds and sweet deals we 've gotten !
my favorites were my wedding dress £8.30 on ebay http i.imgur.com/mdursej.jpg you ca n't see it too well but there 's a small amount of beaded detail on the straps and on the left hip .
not sure if i 'm removing the beads yet or not my wedding rings again an ebay purchase for £42.24 http imgur.com/qzc08gn and the venue for our ceremony in the afternoon .
the venue was booked for a monday because of the date we wanted and so it only cost us £300 !
if we 'd have gone for a weekend it would have been £700 double that if we 'd gone for the whole day !
i remembre testing webgl export for some simple 2d games and it was pretty bad especially for the loading time of the game .
now i 'd like to know if things have changed with the new versions of unity ?
and do you have links to some 2d games made with unity and webgl ?
edit after running some tests it seems that the load time is now down to 9 seconds with my simple 2d project .
that 's better than before but still too long do you know any ways to make this faster ?
this was part of a series of books about an ex military private detective ? .
in this book he goes to a small town in the us with a group of equally tough friends and gets rid of the local thugs .
he was a general bad ass and would say things like it was extremely hot there but because i am hard as nails i was n't bothered by it '' .
the cover was orange and i think the name of the book was the same as the name of the town .
really wanted to watch videos with madvr and svp i assume there is a non-head tracking pure 2d display mode ?
a goat in the shed is safe but that is not what goat 's are made for .
so i went to the first sourcefedlive in la .
i wanted to show some friends the video but it appears to be removed .
i could just be blanking on where it it but if it really is down why is it ?
my game do not appears whenever i click the game it crashed everytime i just can show hawk game '' for 5 seconds and he pull me out to home screen im a iphone user can anyone help me what to do i had a very good inventory and dont want to loose it .
x3 no mic required possibly some flayer cloak farming after
to join add your gamertag to the game lobby here https www.the100.io/quick_join/sp2g-hlgomu https www.the100.io/quick_join/sp2g-hlgomu
or you can reply to me here on reddit .
i 'll send invites on a first come first serve basis .
you can also use the chat on the game lobby page to communicate with me .
i have green amp fog sport bands on the way now .
yea i figured they started sending me ads for their reduced rates .
i think it depends entirely on the market you 're in .
they recently redid a bunch of the mcd 's in my area and while i would in no way call them upscale dining they are actually quite nice .
they have a lounge fireplace large tvs all over the place and pretty decent coffee .
while their staple foods have basically stayed the same their new offerings are pretty nice .
it seems that they 're trying to become a sort of starbucks+burgers kind of place .
anyone can tell you that football is a dangerous sport .
i think it is a risk many are willing to take .
many professions have their hazards construction oil workers police and fire .
its a risk and i dont agree with people telling others what to do even after the person knows the risk .
it is their life let them love it the way they choose if it does no harm to others and brings them joy .
yep i had it for about 18 years before being diagnosed .
there are websites the detail the odds and probability of various outcomes based off your card total and the dealer 's upcard .
proper standard strategy tells you to hit or stand 16 in different situations .
while we can all agree that everyone wants to be an intuitive because the descriptions are cooler
that 's what bugs me and why i go on my rants .
you 're all so dismissive of anyone who does n't subscribe to middle class suburban ideals and has a different take .
came here for lcd lyric puns was not disappointed .
as someone who missed the local show on the last tour due to a massive blowout with my then gf i 'm fucking pumped .
and to address the point of this thread i made quite a lot of sacrifice this summer to see the grateful dead shows in chicago last summer .
dead and co not withstanding if they said tomorrow that they had a ton of fun last summer and were going to do it again .
i would be happy to see more shows and would n't care a bit .
it 's the shows the experience of getting there and being there and of course the music that matter the rest is noise .
kevlar is the starting armor theres also the exosuit and i also saw reinforced kevlar armor in one of the videos my guess for that is its kevlar armor with alien alloys infused into it or something
aw man when i wear my gaming related apparel in public all i get are awkward teenagers nervously trying to start conversations .
i am definitely curious about fondling up that butt hole of yours .
will you also celebrate on february 10 just to cover your bases ?
my view has remained the same and to me unbound opening the door for anything
i do n't care if you do n't plan on abusing unbound because the fact your playing it opens up the game for someone to abuse it
and who is to say exactly what is op i mean taking an extra hq could be as op for one army as taking nothing but flyers for some other army or running nothing but knights of some kind
do n't really see how that 's a bad thing they 're essentially distributing it .
my friend who works as a waitress made about ten thousand more dollars than i did a few years ago as an adjunct professor at a college with an enrollment of over 10,000 people .
understand who stan is and why his classless comments are no surprise
the ending i could choose is to nuke the institute with the minutemen but i do n't think i have the right to kill all those peoe .
they have done both good and bad things but so have others .
the institute is not as smart or powerful as they or other people think .
america has a lot of problems which are not mutually exclusive to or necessarily causative of each other .
but if you 're sincerely telling me that america does n't have a gun problem against the backdrop of the mass shootings that have occurred in the past year alone then i do n't know what to tell you dude .
i think the victims of america 's gun violence would consider it a little more than a statistical blip '' as you put it .
meanwhile the rest of the world looks on in horror as america 's firearm aficionados refuse to consider the most basic reforms to attempt to improve the safety of all of its citizens .
you can lock a server so only you and your buddies can play .
they may have built up a bunch of shit first and then started letting people join .
for some reason i forgot about the fact that it posts once per intermission .
the last month i was also in the crystal league 2 and 3 i am currently in silver 1 as mid-th8 .
in crystal i was always smashed by th9 's just for fun never mind the loot that i could offer i am a casual player or by high th8 's due de .
since two days ago in silver 1 i have just obtained cheap shields and the chances of being smashed have fallen sharply .
the loot avaliable in this league is highly variable but affordable at least it fits my game mode .
i have a male friend who is 100 no more than a friend .
neither of us are romantically interested in eachother but we enjoy hanging out ocassionally .
i have made him dinner before and it really did n't even cross my mind to wonder if it was inappropriate because i 've also made dinner for my female friends .
no one has ever assumed we 're a couple either so i guess we do a pretty good job of keeping it platonic .
we do n't snuggle up on a couch or get very close .
it 's not like we have to go out of our way to avoid this it just would n't be natural because there 's no desire for either of us to do that .
i guess it 's hard to give specific examples so maybe just think of him as your brother this helps if you actually have a brother and can directly relate to your behaviour around him .
we could have 5 seasons '' that are 73 days long and then you get 365 days .
not if those lock screen notification are not in the notification center .
i have show in notification center '' turned off for almost everything .
haha wow i did not pick up on what you were implying at all
the thing about mcnulty is that i think he actually wanted to be on the boat .
throughout season 1 he hints about it and at one point he realizes lester is a good cop '' so they go out for drinks and lester gives his backstory and the one piece of advice lester gives him is if they ever ask you where you do n't want to go that 's where they 'll send you '' ... something to that affect .
so at the end of season 1 when rawls is sitting with mcnulty and telling him i want to look out for you and make sure you do n't land anywhere you do n't want to be so tell me where do n't you want to be ? ''
mcnulty has a slight grin on his face thanks to lesters advice and in season 2 we find him on the docks exactly where he wanted to be .
i found bbi way way way harder than anything any of the souls games threw at me .
the giant gore cyclops undead/dragon priest duo the minotaurs and death were all really tricky boss fights .
i went through bbi at 50 i do n't know if that matters .
traditional dd is a walk in the park though .
because one group is protesting the acknowledged provable systematic murder of blacks based on race . ''
for exactly the same reason using population figures for race makes no sense .
if you compare police killings by crimes committed you 'd see it 's a complete lie .
with 60 of violent crime committed by blacks largely on blacks the police are having to deal with predominantly black criminals .
saying there is systematic murder of blacks is such a gross and blatant pile of shit you really should be far more angry at blm than these nutters in oregon .
blm willfully lie and support some of the most malevolent pieces of human garbage ever to grace this planet simply because of their skin color .
it is a horrible group doing horrible things and if they keep it up they 're going to have to start wearing bed sheets and burning holy symbols on people 's lawns or in their case on highways and in airports .
this is one of the most hillarious things i have ever seen
you 'd be a fool to think brady has never taken anything illegal too .
sports are filled with peds where there is money to be made there will always be people looking to get an edge over their competition .
i 've seen these in my shop they 're vilano fixies i think .
i just make it 2 blocks wide do n't see the point in having it any wider .
if you read the post you would see that op is n't asking whether or not to abstain but is asking for advice on how to .
which is also true about rand paul and bernie sanders but they are n't psychopathic cartoons so they do n't get talked about .
i came here to laugh not to feel.bro i 'm sorry for your loss .
i hope we do n't see that for his initial appearance .
i was hopping for more of a way to search charging from deck to hand ... which would defeat the purpose of charge xd .
but yea seeing as it requires an on hit to bounce back to hand i think i 'll rather pass on it .
well in my head canon she 's just a lazy leech and does absolutely nothing .
my character is the master tactician and is the most revered blade .
can you just hook me up with some of those burgers
theres a yellow truck at b n by my brother for 13.97 !
your games vs the chiefs and patriots is replaced with our games vs the cardinals and panthers .
the aquatek mini http www.amazon.com/aquatek-of-california-regulator-mini/dp/b008tjcpsy/ref=pd_bia_nav_t_3 ? ie=utf8 refrid=16gsmtqk0r0g29bsenqj regulator on a paintball canister seems to be a pretty popular choice .
you 'll need a diffuser some co2 proof '' hose and ideally a co2 indicator as well but those things are all cheap little addons .
i personally use liquid co2 instead of pressurized shrimp tanks so i dont want to risk suffocating them so i cant give a first hand recommendation for any particular system .
i have n't listened to this series by dan carlin but if his series on the mongols is anything to go by i personally think a history of rome '' is more fun as well .
the chancellor of my old uni called in the police on some students who had been protesting in the quad because she did n't like what it was doing for the image of the school .
and she authorized the police to use force to remove them .
here 's what happened the students sat in a circle holding hands while the cops used some military grade pepper spray on them that civilian police departments are n't even supposed to have .
some cops had to leave the department but they kept their pensions basically an early retirement and when basically everybody faculty staff students even f*ing jon stewart told the chancellor she should resign she just refused and nothing happened .
not what i 'm saying at all just that it could happen .
the article talks of historical uncertainty in the '70s and '80s the fact that we managed to mostly ban cfcs in 1989 and as a result of the the ban the ozone hole has been smaller recently than it has been since the '80s .
even the error bars in the graphs are small .
you 're talking like this is some sort of soft science it 's physics .
i know but i still like to access stuff like miiverse and i think the badge arcade requires an nnid confirmation but whenever i get to that screen it gives me an error .
ok i 've heard a lot of people say to drink water to suppress appetite but it does n't do that for me so i 'm glad to hear that .
also i feel if i drink too much water with my meals i do n't seem to digest as well .
i wonder if that is because it dilutes my stomach acids .
so i drink water mainly long after meals and only what is needed during the meal itself .
i 've been toying around with the idea of harvesting the switches from mine for a project looks like i 'll have to look into having some plates cut .
a thing '' is kinda like when a guy and girl are extremely close are basically like boyfriend/girlfriend but do n't refer to themselves as such .
some people are super-courageous and can just jump into the deep end and major kudos to them but that 's definitely not me
as far as acer is concerned i think they had continuum in mind when they fitted them with usb-c
to be fair it only fails at that for his final quest .
all the other ones he 's involved in he 's amazing .
with that that gorgeous smile sexy purple hair and breast i dont see how you do n't everyday .
you can get food stamps starting at 130 of the federal poverty line fpl .
this report is saying that nearly 5 million people had wages less than the fpl but their wages snap benefits were greater than the fpl .
i hate this i do n't like what someone is saying so let 's ban him from the country '' malarkey .
we listen to him debate him and challenge him thats the right way to defeat an opinion you disagree with not ban them from speaking or entering the country .
it 's actually a bit embarrassing this will even be debated .
i was going to drop andrew luck for derek carr but go lucky and snagged bortles instead .
i think they get away with keeping memory spells legal because they have become necessary to keep up with the international statute of wizarding secrecy .
um people do criticize indian entertainment a lot and i 'm assuming south korean as well for not representing the population so i do n't know where you getting that from .
and what do you mean by your '' respective industries ?
this seems like you view asian-whatever as outsiders rather than belonging to your group whether that is america canada etc .
this is an argument to increase representation so the majority does n't just believe whatever trope about minorities they are fed .
based on the 2013 census only 63 of americans are non-hispanic white and the other 37 is definitely not represented in the media .
people are arguing not only for more representation but accuracy and variety in that representation .
otherwise the majority can obtain unhealthy views of minorities .
there should not just be tyranny of the majority because it can lead to oppression of the minority .
i hope this satisfied some of your genuine curiosity .
that had to be at least 15 feet while frozen .
sounds like a great way to break both your legs .
well i know everyone on reddit totally hates this .
but seriously thank you whoever gave me gold for this .
i uploaded it because i thought it was the best ot this year and i knew it needed it be shared asap .
one was standing in front of a computer for 20 minutes to do a 5 minute task and when we asked him how things were progressing he just looked up at us and said oh ... uh..
then there was the time he tried to convince the entire staff and a few customers standing nearby that white people are the result of a tribe of movin ' around albino africans and they evoluted into white people . ''
and pointed to a coworker with vitiligo to prove is point claiming dude acts white so he 's turning white . ''
when we asked if he had any children while helping him fill out his benefits paperwork he said no .
at the holiday party he came in with his three-year-old daughter .
when we asked him why he said he did n't have any children he said oh ... yeah she was staying at her moms that week and i forgot . ''
he finally turned in his two week notice after he was written up for telling a supervisor me that he would n't put his phone away while at work because his dudes be callin ' me . ''
one of the reasons he cited for leaving was that when he asked if he could try and sell his mix tape to customers we said no .
my concern is how they completely dominated boston and talk post game this is a turning point in our season and then completely shit the fucking bed the next game against a bad team .
you can give a donkey a sixpack but it 'll still look like a donkey 🐴
learning all about programming and computer science did something similar for me as well .
i would n't say it ruined gaming for me but there are definitely times when i see stuff in games and think really ?
on the other hand though it 's a wonderful inspiration for me to try and make my own games and try to do better .
yeah her wiki picture she looks like harry potter .
here 's another picture that is a bit more flattering https www.icc-icc.ca/en/images/clarkson 2_000.jpg
if it 's just general heavy-ish rain then i love standing under an umbrella .
if it 's like old testament type rain then i just like to go out and play singin ' in the rain '' style .
january 22nd is the official release date in usa for my new full length album .
message/compose ? to=tweetposter subject=error 20report message=/3znz5t 0a 0aplease leave above link unaltered .
already studied for the old sat p gon na give it another go .
well he started pulling in wolves from the past in the mission you finally capture him on .
plus he 's controlling the disappearing platforms no idea why he did n't just them stay gone lol .
as for xur it seems fairly accepted he released skolas granted though those are from the grimoire so vanguard probably had no idea
he 'd also learned how to make oracles in the vault .
i really wish they would have linked the how story into th whole though .
if xur did in fact release skolas then that would implicate it was a plan from the nine .
the queen already stated she did n't agree with them would have interesting to learn more about them some people think the nine might even be the nine warminds .
in my personal opinion it was worth getting into but they did not handle it well and it is not a huge loss to lose the team .
smite is a very small competitive scene compared to other traditional mobas and csgo .
i think that rather than a smite team building a ground up dota team and beginning to break into that scene may be best .
however highly encrypted password vaults are basically useless to anyone else including lastpass themselves .
my mom stopped putting them in the magazine rack in the bathroom after a while
is going to come back in style but good stuff
i found the beerus design funny in these little cutscene things .
i ca n't do it it is like the 9th time i have see ... .zzzzziippp .
just save it as whatever name you want with a .m3u file extension .
i use linux mostly so i am not sure what exactly mac does to save with an extension but i am sure it will be similar .
present only one idea at a time then walk away from the conversation or change the subject .
most people ca n't process more than one new idea at a time anyway .
shit that has to be it with that 1c unique shit jewel .
your post was automatically removed because you do not have the proper approved tags .
if you are unfamiliar with the tags please read the formatting guidelines http www.reddit.com/r/actrade/wiki/rules wiki_permitted_posts_and_tagging_guidelines in the wiki before you submit a new post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/actrade if you have any questions or concerns .
he is 80 burst and 20 poke pretty much since his ultimate is more of an executoner than dealing damage to healthy champions now also manacosts .
teri fahrendorf has a great article somewhere on how to plan a beer lineup and brew for a brewpub opening .
it was intensively detailed including when to borrow yeast for each batch .
one of her points was that it 's difficult for a brewpub that 's turning 4-5 brews a week to maintain more than 3 maybe 4 yeast strains .
it goes to demonstrate how hard it is for your casual 25x per year brewer to maintain 4-6 strains .
edit i 'm dying over here this is far more fun than it should be .
welp looks like i 'm going to have to find some folks at the office to do this with starting at week 2 .
is that one of those shoulder things that goes up ?
people need to stop this rob basically won because he married the winner and he said strategy bullshit .
if the jury wanted us to think rob won all stars they 'd have voted rob
none of the silver coins are real silver they are all made of nickel or blends of nickel and other base metals .
the canadian dollars are worth just over a dollar canadian .
the us dollar and 1/2 dollars are not worth much more than face value although the eagle landing on the moon is a nice commemorative minted between 1972 and 1978 .
these are very typical of your grandmothers generation they would find some dollars or half dollars and squirrel them away .
i would keep them for the remembrance of her .
the smallish gold coloured coin i have no idea of what it is or where it is from too hard to see it 's detail .
can you get a better photo and the reverse as well .
architects volumes twa lmtf and erra are always my go to 's
43 saves for helly too bad he does n't have a card .
i 'm 20 still living at home and never fight with my parents that badly .
the only time we do n't talk for a day or two is if i do n't come home because of friends or my girlfriend .
i do n't think i 've ever had a fight that bad the biggest one was the one time i stole some yugioh cards when i was a kid and my dad flew off the handle about it .
why would i have bought it if i was n't p it 's just about the grip on the right it 's kind of not enough for me/my hands .
i 'm about to beat vesperia destiny for the first times .
i wish they would port the ps 3 version to steam .
yeah this sub is usually good for a laugh .
so how did you come up with that by just looking upward ?
plus with the amount of guys that add one or two inches to their height 5'11 is basically 6'0 anyway .
have a good talk with your friends and let them in on what you 're dealing with .
ask them to maybe accept every 3rd invite from this girl or the equivalent of what they extend to her .
you 'd have to know the exact test the fbi performed using the same methods and under the same conditions .
that would be impossible to replicate at this point .
all that aside in a perfect scenario all we could do is verify that the fbi 's test is capable of producing false negatives .
but we 'd still have absolutely no way of knowing whether the blood from the rav4 contained edta unless we developed a more accurate test for edta and then re-tested the stain .
to make matters worse at this point the blood stain is more than 10 years old .
even if there were edta in it at the time it might be gone now .
was the dash panel with the blood stain on it removed and placed in storage somewhere ?
is there just some solution in a vial that contains remnants of the blood stain ?
was everything just destroyed in the course of testing ?
if there really is edta in that blood and it 's allowed to be tested again then they might be able to detect it .
but if they re-rest it and don't find edta i 'm afraid the questions will simply never be answered .
with really good tests we could say with a great deal of certainty that there 's no edta in it now .
but who knows about ten years after the fact when god knows what has happened to the evidence in the interim .
dominion and the dc comics deckbuilding game both have attack cards that hinder opponents by giving them dud cards/negative points or by making them discard .
they both also have defense cards which can be used to nullify the attack if they 're in your hand at the time .
other than that i 'm not familiar with any other type of out-of-turn interaction in deck builders .
budenholzer pulls a doc rivers and gets a guy who went off against him
she was born before the uprising of terrorist attacks by members of isis occurred .
message/compose ? to=tweetposter subject=error 20report message=/3znz63 0a 0aplease leave above link unaltered .
braking before the turn in a forester thats modded is what he should have done while in the tunnel he would not of lost traction in the rear because its a fucking subaru ... it has awd and they have a lot of computers keeping it on the road usually ... . hes just saving face .
source 2014 sti that i braked too hard in a turn on the freeway got angled drift angle and let go of the brake and the car righted it self.. with traction control off .
in my fantasy world hunter would be the one constantly telling people who to vote for while the rest of the tribe is virtually unleadable .
watch we 'll drive the fans absolutely batshit like this tee hee ''
i 'll have to count but i do n't think i have over ten pairs of shoes unless you count dumb stuff like vans and espadrilles .
i 'd argue that i 'm around nine or ten but it would be easy to disagree .
my collection is still pretty tidy though and does n't have much overlap .
i have some things i do n't really west but i 'm not the toe to sell things really .
rosen ca n't leave until 2018 he was a true freshman this season 2016 draft so he has to play in college next year 2017 and can come out after his third year 2018
i also deleted completely the cache file from my wiiu and is the same outcome .
oh that team should do very well she has basically no bad match ups aside from dorm .
modok could be a problem until you learn to play morrigan better because he can stall her astral time indefinitely .
you could try learning nova he has the ability to beat magneto in neutral and he absolutely bodies modok .
team nemo takes care of team priest easily enough swap spencer for rocket and you have your team so nova/rr/strange would be a good counter pick imo .
why is no one talking about shiv being viable again ?
my garbage account had a lot of success with p.cecil using magic lure r1 and celes hitting him with reflect right before he goes to his weak phase .
as far as free gear goes that christmas candle with the heal was the mvp .
the economic oppression '' barely even registers now because that would include white people and white men specifically .
that 's what the rich fat cats want ... they want less focus on economic oppression
i 've been really nervous about the word ganged but i 've seen probably 100 or more of those released over the past month .
that 's why i went ahead and did it .
if you by your own admission do not care about those things which potentially ail white men
before i got shadowbanned i advocated for men 's health month .
i encourage men to take care of their health and get annoyed when machismo leads to death .
i dislike the constraints that males place on each other .
it 's weird you claim to be friends with people you hate
you 're getting lots of downvotes but i sort of agree with your point .
i 've made three comments already relating barcelona success story as what i expected for brazil .
and i feel the bastard approach they 've taken in brazil is the exact opposite of what should have been done .
instead of a top-down approach just pointing the finger and building shit and worrying about who gets the contracts it should have started with clearing the city of its petty ailments from the bottom up .
clean the fucking roads and rivers pay the people in the favelas to move the fuck out or literally give them keys to newly built housing repair and expand the public transport shit that is the bleeding lifeline to much of the population .
case and point is how much brazilians hated the world cup and how much they are complaining about the upcoming olympics .
they 're not thinking fuck me this is gon na make us a shit ton of money ! ! ''
no they 're thinking fucking rat bastard politicians robbing us of funding for schools/hospitals only to put on a show for the world to think we 're okay when we 're actually dying here !
had brazil stuck to ramen and goddam basic development economics they 'd have fared much better in the lead up to this otherwise internationally revered event .
i appreciate the concern i was on the paved sidewalk .
no guarantee but i was n't teetering out past guard rails or anything .
i found a tripper stormtrooper earlier at least it wasnt tripping
you posted this literally a minute after a guy responded to it with you in your 7k upvote thread .
cute boy finally asked me out on a date !
... the night before i go back to school 800 miles away .
holy balls i thought i was lucky to pull 5 legendary summoning pieces from f lol
not sure i ca n't buy one right now .
just thought some people here would like the deal .
that you are even standing there with a pen talking about drawing a line is all it takes to show why mental healthcare is bullshit .
i 'll see your emp and raise you some bad pop music played at a ridiculously loud volume .
from people who wuote john lott who 's a psycho that has impersonated other people twice and has been discredited for also doing bad research .
we 're focused on any books with a speculative element and have definitely read fantasy and literary fiction before .
winter olympian and red star came out together so i 'm sure he is talking about the few amount of people who brought the 2 skin pack not red star by itself
i do n't follow nfl football closely enough to know all the behind the scenes stuff that 's gone on regarding team moves or potential team moves .
i just remember being angry when both rams and raiders split town .
nearly everything you have typed here runs contrary to what is considered to be fact within the scientific community and what is taught in university atmospheric science classes or at least what i was taught at ucla .
pinatubo did have a massive effect on the earth 's climate in the short term because of the huge amount of particulate matter it released into the upper atmosphere .
the eruption caused global temperatures to drop by about 1 degree f over the next 15 months .
http earthobservatory.nasa.gov/iotd/view.php ? id=1510 however volcanoes actually emit very little co2 compared to human activity http volcanoes.usgs.gov/hazards/gas/climate.php and the particulate aerosols they do emit have much shorter residence times than co2 does .
radiative forcings are processes that change the energy balance between the earth 's atmosphere and space and cause it to reach a new equilibrium temperature .
these include things like changes in greenhouse gas concentrations changes in the amounts of reflective aerosols in the atmosphere changes in albedo due to cloud cover or biosphere changes and changes in the amount of sunlight reaching the earth due to orbital variation and variation in solar output .
internal variability refers to heat cycling throughout the earth itself such as el nino and la nina where heat cycles into and out of the deep oceans .
the point behind all of this is that the temperature of the earth does not just change for no reason there are measurable physical processes that drive it .
man didnt create the midieval warming period the little ice age or the 18 year period of climate stability .
the medieval warm period is thought to have been primarily caused by internal variability and was not a global event .
it was a period of increased warmth in parts of the northern hemisphere that resulted mainly from changes in ocean currents .
the ice age cycle is primarily driven by orbital variation and mediated by co2 and albedo feedbacks .
the 18 year period of climate stability '' is simply a cherrypicked statistical artifact .
you can look through nearly any real life time-series showing an increase in anything and fish out certain stretches that do not match the long-term trend .
it 's just another instance of the type of thinking displayed in this graphic http www.skepticalscience.com/graphics/skepticsvrealists_500.gif and betrays a lack of rigorous understanding of the subject and of data analysis in general .
man can help out where it can but it doesnt mean that liberals should suffocate the economy .
one of the main purposes of curbing carbon emissions is to prevent economic damages down the line .
a properly implemented carbon tax for example is widely considered by economists to be favorable for the global economy and actually lead to growth since it internalizes a market externality and allows the market to function more in line with how it is supposed to .
in the long term nearly all mitigation and adaptation policies are aimed at maximizing economic growth .
these guys cant predict the weather for next month what makes you think they can be over decades oh yeah there not .
i ca n't tell you if the next coin flip will be heads or tails but i bet if i flip it 1000 times the number of heads will be much closer to 500 than it will be to 0 .
it 's so hard to find things that are a professional material .
my mom got me two pairs of these black work pants for christmas they 're actually really great .
http www.jcpenney.com/duo-maternity-overbelly-wide-leg-career-pants/prod.jump ? ppid=pp5003290008 nao=72 pn=4 searchterm=maternity catid=searchresults dyncharset=utf-8 colorizedimg=dp1004201317033513m.tif
also new york and company has these pull-on work '' pants that are really comfy and would probably work for a long time .
i got a size bigger and petite so they are shorter and they 're working great at 27 weeks .
the patterned ones look more professional than the solid .
comments like this are exactly why i wo n't be doing an sbc in my yj .
i 'd love a 4bt but i 'm not made of money so i 'm also looking at fuel injected 5.0 explorer motor 4.0 4.3 and some other weird ideas .
i even briefly entertained the idea of a 6bt .
did anyone tell that sub that it reads like 3d shacks ?
i got a great snapchat from one of my lady friends today telling me hope you smile today ! '' .
so i sent a photo of me smiling back and she said it was a great one .
made my day she 's a real friendly character .
with my dude friends catching up with them is always nice .
girl friends like comments about things they 've done .
i make sure i have a great reaction when she tries something .
even if it is n't a perfect turn on or she fumbled a little .
if it 's received well she 's enthusiastic and that is hot enough .
hey hey get an aftermarket cooler and faster ram .
with a z170 board you might be able to get some free performance out of that i3 .
people in this state got ta learn to buy more tickets when they actually decide to come here .
and i may have to take you up on that offer as well !
i 'll be bringing a whole bunch of goodies with me as i 'm sure you will also ... if you 're down to trade some goodies let 's pm each other !
er he pays medicare but he likely is n't a beneficiary .
and ss is taking my money because it 's forcible .
reading reddit during my waitress shift i 've been at work since 5 and have n't had a single customer
there is also one that says the best day to plant a tree was 20 years ago the second best day is today . ''
we had 3 star teams about 365 days ago .
what kind of a roster would you like to see ?
just get top 3 of each role and split them up ?
the tech is fairly simple but cpu time/storage/hosting/bandwidth for something like this ai n't exactly cheap .
if you adjust your gas up use heavier springs lighter bcg and a lighter buffer you can have your gun cycle faster than you can pull the trigger removing the chance of outrunning the bolt .
arfcom members have done it to positive results and i can see this being useful for serious use assuming its reliable .
it 's like art if you think about it .
there is no limit to what you can create and in it 's own way it 's beautiful .
sometimes it 's 2 seconds of efficiency sometimes it 's a random episode generator for your favorite tv show or sometimes it 's a program to start your car based on when the sun comes up .
it was very creepy specially that part when the mother forced him to drink soap .
nope it was a 12.50 'regular bottle size ' of shower gel .
you could have received the same experience in unranked games
i think we see a hint in drana 's forgotten realms http magic.wizards.com/en/articles/archive/uncharted-realms/memories-blood-2015-09-16
in the beginning in the very beginning there was hunger .
that was all there was this hunger this want this need .
we consumed and used the energy we gained to consume more .
the words came later a poor translation from truth to brain to words those imperfect messengers of need .
the remnants of the broken must be consumed and cleansed .
she did n't know what was meant by broken what the eldrazi even thought of as whole so they could compare and know what was broken .
perhaps to those monstrosities everything that was real that was the world was broken .
there were many aways from zendikar and the eldrazi knew in so far as they could know anything they should be there and not here .
but they were here and their purpose was to consume and so they did .
so emrakul and maybe the others seems to have a mission the remnants of the broken must be consumed and cleansed . ''
ooookayyy so what the heck is that supposed to mean ?
have they been moving toward some particular area or plane for eons and other planes are just snacks along the way ?
one painted with drama black and earth tones . ''
i sense wisdom and happiness from dave that was never kurt .
i blocked nye on my calendar it was getting silly .
do something other than lounging around on reddit because that 's really the beginning of the end .
that was the beginning of the end for me .
right but generally speaking imo from research this is the basic structure .
but tbh i 'm not an insider so it could be even more than this .
but it 's all we have being on the outside .
i just meant like coupes in general i be never seen the amg gt in person
for most of the middle east including iraq and syria this would mean before the first world war when they were loosely governed by the ottoman empire which i would n't consider part of 'the west ' .
i see you 've also referred to libya which was occupied by the italians in 1911 .
iraq and libya were at war for much of those periods so no i would not consider them stable .
i am always amazed by and of course envious of the movement and life in your italic .
stunning pieces and hope you had a good holiday !
all the lesbians are nice but how about some appreciation for the more dude-centric ships out there ?
even then it 's a really crappy shower head if they 're trying to be fancy with a dual shower setup .
and that they did n't put a door on it ?
that 's why it 's a fail i guess though .
i 'm assuming that 's some of the video driver crashed and was reset '' log in issue ?
prenups are for rich people and they are usually thrown out of court anyway .
more info on sd card usage under marshmallow on motorola 's site https motorola-global-portal.custhelp.com/app/answers/prod_answer_detail/a_id/109134/p/1449,9582
thanks for the response i thought there had to be and it makes sense that it would vary based on the location .
my point with this is n't to say hey let 's do what other sports do . ''
i know cheating in cs is pretty varied because for example esea and valve have separate anti-cheat systems .
i have n't really thought about it but i would dare to suggest that match-fixing for the amounts that ibp did is much less of a crime than cheating when looked at big picture .
this was a single isolated incident affected one single match and the monetary gain was apparently '' in the low thousands something around 3,500 i believe ? .
whereas cheating is a consistent effort that affects multiple matches over a longer period of time and has the ability to put someone in a position to be recruited by a team go further in a tournament or place higher in a league and therefore potentially create a much higher monetary gain .
i 've read a couple but it 's not my thing .
when i read a book the story moves in my head .
when i watch a movie it moves on the screen .
i ca n't make it move with graphic novels/comic and it keeps me from getting grabbed by the story .
about the age thing it 's just a different way of storytelling .
do n't give saga to a six-year-old 'cause it 's a book with pictures .
what the fuck did you just fucking say about nihon you little gaijin ?
yeah because it was ground into you that this is a rule you had to follow .
start traveling all the time for years and it wo n't feel that way .
'' would mr. jones please come to the white courtesy phone ?
mr. jones you have a call on the white courtesy phone .
anyone else feel gilly is aiming for some kind of sports reporter role or something with the way he talks ?
im assuming theres a way for me to figure out what i consume a day ?
do n't know about the shares do n't do networking .
but i 'm using it in unity so different environment .
dmx over 3 stacks in '98 is a joke considering aquemini is a consensus top 10 rap album ever and dmx really does n't move the needle technically or with his message .
wow an isp that actually protects and fights for its users ...
i 've been really enjoying putting my own bets together over the last couple of days so i 'm going to give it a shot
the world is full of lies and i 'm sick of standing by and watching people deceive each other .
i am not misquoting anything if you do n't believe me go back and find the posts i 'm misquoting '' .
i might do that after i 'm done with this upcoming semester in college .
end game i like the concept of building bigger but intricate things which costs a lot of stacks and by extension inventory space .
i like what others are saying about a dsu-alike backpack .
my addition is for it to have x '' upgrade slots which can be outfitted to do things like allow more item types depth of storage refill stacks in your inventory ability to hook into ae system and pick up more items automatically and finally to extreme endgame generate certain materials automatically with whitelist in config/commands .
just some ideas but hopefully it gets you rolling on it .
most when someone compliments me in front the whole class and the other girls are jealous .
least i did n't get enough sleep that night and it 's that time of the month .
well that 'd be convenient considering all siege dlc will be free .
some pinnacle drivers forget to use them occasionally as well .
i 've only done a few sessions but this week 's league is certainly trickier than the last .
the noble is the car of choice for many followed by the '05 ford .
i guess it would depend on the fine details and on the vegan in question but generally no .
you 're still imprisoning the chicken forcing it to perform breeding behavior as often as it can instead of several times a year .
i can imagine that there are some people who are vegans generally but would be ok with milk and eggs from animals that they raise personally to their own standards .
you are doing exactly what the other person did that you attacked .
on one hand you claim only the other side practices some bad practice while ignoring your own parties bad practices and when someone points out those bad practices you suddenly claim both parties do the same bad practices .
dae communism is awesome but i ca n't be open about how much i love communism because other people do n't like communism ?
you mean you want more lenin and less marx ?
but surely if everyone did it then you 'd effectively have a 24 hour work day .
surely the people who prefer working weird hours like me would be covering all the time others were in bed .
not sure if you 're being intentionally obtuse or argumentative but i 'm fairly sure u/qqqyqnz 's point has the understood addendum of return to a group where they are in the majority again in the same culture/country '' .
that 's the difference between being a situational minority in a college class and a minority in the political sense where the culture they grow up in is one in which they are underrepresented .
there is nowhere in this country where minorities can actually escape from the overarching reality of that underrepresentation .
i 'm going to assume you do n't mean they can always go back to where they come from '' because that would just be ludicrously un-american .
that kind of makes me worry that there is something wrong hardware wise if you 're having the same issue but using a different fitness tracker app .
still have n't found a fix for this yet .
basically mechanical keyboard supposed to be better than normal rubber dome generally it will last longer because it uses mechanical switches rather than rubber membrane at the normal keyboard that will wear off faster than mechanical switch .
mechanical keyboards have options from the clicky clacky switches to the more quiet one .
also there 's harder keypress and the softer one .
some people will even go custom made their keyboard not only the keycaps but the whole keyboard so you can actually make them as pretty as you like .
circlejerks happened in many stuff but yeah some mechanical keyboard user feel more superior than the normal rubber dome keyboard user because mechanical keyboards are more expensive generally has better build quality and also supposedly feel much more better according to them .
mocking rubber dome keyboard user is something like rubber dome is shit we are using the better stuff here '' yes something like the internet explorer analogy described earlier .
but really try out some of the switches if you can and see if any of them feel better according to you .
if not then it 's okay it 's always different cup for different people
we need more competition and to not have to have a phone line rental too .
i ca n't get over how cool the sculpt is for green goblin here are some extra glam '' shots hehe http imgur.com/a/yaczt
threw in a couple spiderman shots too i did not know he was going to be matte black which is pretty cool and he even glows green which is totally unexpected
edit yeah i am pretty sure he would feed his uncle to his dogs .
we do n't and we get public health for the same or less tax than you pay to not get it
i think they got tons in the inland empire it rained for about 4 hours straight .
i 'd be more inclined to go for something slightly lower output and with a decent amount of midrange custom custom or full shred could be goers .
if we take 'tallica for reference the invaders did n't get put in the white v until after kill 'em all as far as i know .
but how does that work when you marry someone ?
and he has decided to grant your petpet a level ! !
if you had and ati 1300 you 'd probably get 60 fps in a tomb raider game..
but with tri sli titanx you 'd probably only get 30fps .
the word may come from god but what is a god to a nonbeliever
they export lots of coal and the price of coal has collapsed in the same fashion as oil .
they are a resourced based economy just like canada .
as soon as we get new info on official release dates you 'll find it on the page above or in the wiki-forum .
if you have more info or want to help with the wiki please feel free to join .
love tmg but it doesnt sound happy at all to me ?
if anyone was going to irrationally shit on their team directly after appearing in a world series it would be a mets fan .
it 's a dutch candy that kinda tastes like black licorice thats been drenched in salt .
i have the on with rangefinder and the recoil still manageable
go have a look at the hw grand prix that strikeforce put on just before they wrapped up .
when daniel cormier was brought in as a replacement it launched his career into the limelight and his efforts alongside his olympic history was why he was so well respected .
his fight with josh barnett was his hardest before meeting jones and is a great display for both fighters .
the other fights in the tourney are n't as exciting but are very interesting stylistically .
other highlights from strikeforce include ronda 's ascension and miesha as top dog their match is excellent .
nick diaz and paul dayley had one of the most action packed 1 rd fights ever with fedor and henderson challenging them for that title .
speaking of fedor checkout his strikeforce run in chronological order you will be watching the end of his reign as the last emporer and his status as the current p4p great stepping aside for anderson .
you could probably watch his whole career through pride affliction and strikeforce if you were up for it .
the list is huge for pride but the various grand prix especially the one with chuck rampage overeem and a number of other huge names are must watches .
a few of the freakshow fights are entertaining but of the unlikely matches wanderlei vs mark hunt is one of those brain busting matches .
you would also be wise to watch what a juicy wandy could do his fights with rampage are almost too much to watch .
jokes puns and off-topic comments are not permitted in any comment parent or child .
parent comments that are n't from the target group will be removed along with their child replies .
posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour and posts that are not appropriate for the serious tag will be removed .
please contact the moderators versus replying to this message if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
disclaimer i 'm one of the creators of the tool that you used how much to make a video that was made by my company veed.me .
if you feel like making quality marketing video content as your main profession
you are welcome to compare your work with our current catalog at shop.veed.me and apply to become a creator .
we accept only 3 5 of applicants but if you get in you can get some work flowing your way in days .
i just made a post and this resonates pretty deeply to me .
i do n't know if you can but just reach out .
take a leap and say what you need to say .
i cooked a sous vide medium rare burger with a perfect poached egg on top tonight and it was honestly out of this world..i do n't think i will ever be happy with a well done burger again .
i did it similar to this guy https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=4dmnvto730a
might as well buy wow gold then sell it on ebay .
if you get mentally ill you can leave and will receive help .
do you also have this much problems with al laws that are forced on you ?
do you think school is bad too since it 's forced ?
do you think your own life is bad since it 's forced on you ?
even if they do hold up crackling every turn that 's three specific colors of mana that they did n't use on their turn .
dorian tore his while doing it so i was looking for opinions
i took my full 12 months maternity leave ... hooray !
then i was made redundant 3 months into that .
followed it up with a nice cup of tea .
of course i forgot to rinse out the mug so it tasted like coffee flavored tea .
cant even go back to bed to wired on the coffee .
when i was growing up every kid on our street had names that started with j. jennifer two jasons justin jake jasmine jessica jesse ...
my parents kept joking we had to move because none of their kids had a j name .
karasnewworld pve is a east coast us server which would have decent pings to uk .
it is a dedicated server x10xp x10 tame x6 harvest x10 dino maturation baby dino growth .
but i would really enjoy having passive clients bandwidth limits and copy jobs
the current bacula version has that as well though .
sd calls client http www.bacula.org/7.0.x-manuals/en/main/new_features_in_7_0_0.html section00312000000000000000 and job bandwidth limitation http www.bacula.org/7.0.x-manuals/en/main/new_features_in_7_0_0.html section003111000000000000000 from the new feature docs .
you 're kidding yourself if you do n't think bjergsen is the highest paid member of tsm .
well according to information given to the press he was supposed to have agreed a six point plan about his behaviour in future and the shadow chancellor had just been on the tv explaining how things would be a bit different in the future ...
i am currently saving up for a new psu gpu monitor .
his match against kushida at wrestle kingdom was excellent so happy that the dude seems to be getting a big push .
one of those people in wrestling that just gets it .
yea still gets annoying when you use some ones chromebook and it slides all over the place
i just want to hear codsworth say something funny when i start my next pizza face fuckface '' playthrough .
i 'd never do it to someone in real life !
first day back at work today after two weeks home in the cold in snowy ottawa canada .
i only arrived back yesterday after an overnight flight woke up at 7 this am without a clue where i was or why my alarm was going off when it was still dark assumed it was a mistake at first as i 've gotten used to sleeping until i woke up and by this point it is no longer dark out .
anyway it was nice to get back to cycling to work .
everyone i cycled with or close to behaved themselves .
and i 'm currently feeling much better about being back in this home where i can bike year round .
one of them is calling bernie volunteers to help coordinating action .
the other thing is basically simply asking people if they will vote clinton or sanders .
but i want to argue that there 's actually nothing wrong in convincing people .
would it be wrong if a foreigner tried to convince an american that global warming actually exists ?
it is actually desirable for the world to engage in such a discussion .
now someone can say but this is different because it 's a candidate .
you 're providing people with points that they can choose to use when deciding which candidate they will choose .
if they eventually use some of the intellectual ingredients which you 've provided then it was a good thing that you did so not a bad thing .
if at first sight this seems wrong it 's only because unconsciously we associate politics with a scam .
so we think that a conversation in this context is a scam .
if you 're providing good points for people to be able to do better choices then it is very desirable and laudable .
to sum it up the whole point about democracy is letting someone choose what the best candidate is by weighing all the information .
the more information a person has the better democracy works .
it does n't matter where that information comes from .
if an american decides that he will read brittish newspapers to get that information that 's perfectly fine .
if information is accurate/relevant it does n't matter if the person spreading that information is a foreigner since it is contributing to the quality of democracy .
if information is inaccurate/irrelevant it 's still as inaccurate or irrelevant if the person spreading that information is an american .
so the problem is not the identity of the people spreading information but the quality of information itself .
that kind of cringe that makes your butthole tight and gives you that weird feeling in your scrotum .
i 've driven a lot of standards but never a sports car
there 's a bunch of stuff mainly rares for pre-order on magiccardmarket from ogw that i know i 'm gon na want eventually but not sure if it 's best to pre-order or wait till it comes out e.g .
i 'm sure someone will do a 'parody ' bm version like that .
like thor getting ymir ulted and swk spamming you rock ! ''
that 's really good and i can hear the similarities .
tie a flat surface object like a board under your shoes .
looking at the time you mention i see what you mean but i feel it 's because my joystick is n't very sensitive for very small motions .
i have a 'dead area ' that is kind of large and keeping the stick there counts as not moving it .
when it is out of the deadzone the motion of my ship is not that small .
there 's a very small angle i have to precisely get right for very small adjustments and the best way may be to wiggle the stick so i shorten the duration of the input rather than trying to minimize the input .
it 's annoying but might be fixable with a different joystick or settings for deadzone etc .
the women 's toilets are worse then men 's .
i tried five different pharmacies and they all said the same .
not sure what you mean by mail order its not something i 've heard of in the uk .
i 'm not a psychologist or anything but it really sounds like you 've developed ptsd and avoiding treatment will only exacerbate your problems .
relatively small chance to get raped in the middle of the city come on come to germany !
according to the study done by the cdc about 40 if you want to believe it .
i mean we have talked about this many times .
and things are better i just ca n't bring myself to bring it up again .
every time it just devistates him because he thought he was doing better and he is .
i wish i did n't because it makes me feel so selfish .
i just wish i did n't have a high sex drive .
and i try to say something in person and i chicken out .
i just ca n't make the words come out .
i feel like my vocal chords are glued shut .
and i do n't know how to make that go away .
i can extend it by another 200 to get something a bit more decent .
a 30-50 aftermaket cool will do a really good job .
season 4 had some great moments with the oberyn and mountain duel but they full on botched the wildling attack on the wall and then the season finale was fucking awful .
that 's really where the show began to go downhill .
tyion 's story in that was a let down and then do n't even get me started on the hogwarts-trained cotf skeleton wights and bloodraven .
in an earlier email reply posted on this subreddit http i.imgur.com/kdj5q1o.jpg they acknowledged the problem and told us they would work on preventing it from happening again .
it 's not a specified situation in the traffic code .
since every other part i pointed out is specified in the traffic code and the additional part where you have to clear a junction as quickly as possible there really is no reason to assume anything i 've said is wrong even in the eyes of the law .
the only reason i bring it up is because i see quite a lot unfortunately people creating dangerous situations just because they absolutely want to drive all the way to the end before switching lanes .
dude half of the country america makes less than 30,000/yr .
62 of americans have less than 1,000 in savings 20 do n't have a savings account at all
35-50 receive some form of welfare depending on which metric you use
as for your savings an index fund is a better place for them than in a bank in terms of roi
use uber it 's the easiest and most convenient way to travel here imo .
it 's funny because actually i think that sounds absolutely fine out loud .
if you actually say it it sounds like a perfectly reasonable respectable name .
it 's only when it 's written down the similarity of the way the names look and their anagram-ness strikes you as kind of stupid .
toxics do n't contact us for our sake they contact us for their sake .
they do n't really want to hear about us they want our attention and our obedience .
if you feel like telling her to stop texting calling will work that 's one option but most toxics will just turn that into another round of drama .
it might be easier and more practical to block her texts and keep doing as you 've been doing .
maybe they 'll never ever look in your face again but that 's a risk i 'd take .
radeonpro though i do n't think it 's been updated in a while since raptr bought the developer up
now that you mention in hibernation was actually my first thought when he had n't been using the wheel .
when i discovered the scab on his leg i was taking him out to get him active and make sure he was n't trying to hibernate .
up until the last three or four days it 's been fairly warm here and his heating element has been running this entire time so i do n't think that 's it .
either plastidip the back black or get some black vinyl to stick on it .
it isolates either way but that 's not the point of fur or pelt .
it 's mostly a luxury item and made to be shown .
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
r/smite guide on how to build hunters in the current meta https np.reddit.com/r/smite/comments/3zpbl8/guide_on_how_to_build_hunters_in_the_current_meta
footer if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
the problem is mediatek has always been very closed about sources and while some of the mi devices mi4 mi3 mi4i and mi4c have gotten sources released and even have a working daily build not official cm13 the lower end redmi range are economy devices and xiaomi does not take them as seriously development wise
the redmi 1 was mediatek 6589t and was abandoned at android 4.2 the 1s has a snapdragon 400 and was abandoned at 4.4.2 but has a working cm12 12,1 and 13. and the redmi 2 is snapdragon 410 and also have working cm only becuase its qualcomm .
the mediatek devices have little hope of getting cm13 or marshmellow in any way becuase theres no sopport either from xiaomi or from mediatek .
on the one hand it would he awesome to hit it on the other i dont want to get this masterpiece dirty lol i dont know what to do with my life
at 1500 i 'll take another depending on the opponent .
they 're the big awesome http imgur.com/gallery/o2lso thing your opponent will look at and say that has to die '' so it 's good to have another that will actually reach the enemy to smash everything .
terminators as troops are really cool but not great if your opponent knows they 're coming as they 'll bring pure ap 2 weapons and you 're toast .
purifiers have done wonders for me with adding 2 warp charges and having a pretty cool nova power .
the cheapest hq is a librarian which is a good choice as you can give him non sanctic powers and funnel your mass of warp charges through him .
each model is very expensive points wise so i usually do n't like decking people out with tons of upgrades lest you end up with15 models at a 2k pt game .
and that 's really where the list building balance is .
you 're dudes are awesome but do you need them to be more awesome or have help .
i generally prefer the idea of as many small units as i can for tactical reasons .
you can hardly capture objectives with only 3 units .
monsters are weaker when dealing with someone who has a lot of hate and they are also weaker if they do n't want to fight .
asriel is still a monster and chara has a lot of hate .
chara is asriel 's best friend so asriel might have trouble actually attacking .
if chara utterly destroyed flowey they would attack likely asriel with the same amount of hatred .
besides assuming chara is max lv they could tank a lot of asriel 's flashy moves .
chara does n't need the one hit kill that will probably happen .
you guys were by far the best team in the east and kept losing games with coaching calls in the final minutes .
i give tc all the credit in the world for what he accomplished during his time there but i do n't know how you look at this season and feel good about him going forward .
he just seemed mystified by the clock and did n't really fix it as the season went on .
not keen on cheating but the wood for my settlements is killing me
i predict that there is a 80 chance that thespeerosity will never come back .
withing 30 seconds we can tell where you 're from and what class you are .
hell people in london can even tell the difference between north and south london accents .
i was researching the 1s yesterday and after seeing it mentioned in a comment elsewhere on reddit .
is it just a few bad apples or is the thing terrible ?
we 've even the option to try ox chambers and historically ox has had his best games there .
dont forget some of the big games will require elneny and arteta flamini or chambers .
idk if anyones gon na read this now.. but if you guys do please add lyrics to your songs 33 like you guys did with your focus song
what it does do however is introduce massive amounts of materials to the economy .
if the dungeon nerf was a way to reduce the liquid gold incoming to the game the scribe craft might have been a way to add more drains of various materials .
interested in getting my hands on a 890 jump for around 640 to 695 if you 've got one available to sell please pm me !
greetings and salutations to all readers and pilots in the year 3302 !
let us all hope that the new year will bring new levels of cooperation and effective operations for all commanders loyal to the empire .
the citizens of amuzgo and dongkum were not won over by the shadow president 's supply lines of liberal aide .
sources indicate that the local corporations will look favourably on the shadow president 's liberal aide '' so all imperial eyes are hopeful that some power player less beholden to local corporations will appeal to them .
last week was a show of force from every loyal commander in the form of logistics .
nearly two dozen systems influenced by those powers hostile to the emperor experienced debilitating levels of criminal undermining last week but all three bodies politic endured the storm .
with the galactic poll calculating the emperor 's political will at a staggering 686 units of command capital it is of primary importance that pilots pledged to the emperor establish a solid preparation list early and continue to push them inspite overwhelmingly wealthy special interests who are not seeking the betterment of the emperor 's political base .
systems which can return over 62cc are the only systems of benefit to the kamadhenu political machine working tirelessly for its patron the emperor arissa lavigny-duval .
the current expansion in kartenes is not a system which returns political will back to kamadhenu .
early suggestions for preparation targets are hrun tujil and kherthaje .
for those of a military mind there will be combat targets worth participating but thankfully there are no instances of encroaching political players on systems already pledged to the emperor .
both shadow president winters and pirate lord archon delaine have multiple expansions into densely populated regions of space ongoing and rumours of a sustained campaign to undermine the authority of hudson delaine and winters have spread throughout the past several weeks .
i levelled my herblore skill i am now level 98 .
i have a lot of thoughts constantly running around my head .
like how i dropped out of highschool last year started drinking got arrested for underage drinking had an epiphany again and felt better than i had in months got a job and then quit that job because i could n't handle the pressure and now i 'm back to square one .
we really needed that money i really needed to keep that job .
and i let everyone down because i could n't handle it just like i could n't handle school .
i am trying to find a new job but i have no motivation .
i know you have to make your own motivation it does n't always come to you .
i wish i would just get hit by a car or crack my head open because i can not do it to myself because it will break my family .
i have tried too many times and failed and if i try again and fail i will break my mom and i ca n't do that to her again .
of course i 'm scared of death but if i died in an accident they could get past it they 'd have more food and money for themselves and they would n't have to deal with their failure of a daughter anymore .
i wish i would just drop dead because it literally would be better for everyone .
i just do n't know how much more i can take of feeling this empty and horrible inside .
c/o 440 pure in days not sure how long though
should we just not reply to them dont let it take any of your time we know now that no one seems to check the f.a.q and getting frustrated over it just not worth it .
so my therapist is going to sit down with me and we are going to go through the test that determines any major psychological disorders i forget what the test is actually called .
after we do that she is going to give me my letter for the endo .
should i be feeling this anxious/nervous about the test ?
i know that other than depression anxiety gender dysphoria and suicidal ideation which hits when my depression is at its lowest i have nothing wrong with me so why am i so nervous that it 'll go horribly wrong ?
so a guy walks into a bar ... . where does he go next ?
guys i know everyone 's nipples are all a-tingle with having discovered the morales-raynor combo and sure it 's a great combination but that does n't mean you absolutely have to pick morales anytime there 's a raynor on your team .
sometimes she 's just not a great pick especially against heavy spread damage like kael/sylvanas/jaina and even more so when you do n't have a comp with strong disengage potential .
just take an extra 2-3 seconds to think about the team comps and decide whether morales is actually the right pick .
now that winter in maine is showing up for real i am considering setting up on a lake .
i figure it 's flat firm stable and has better access to open sky .
has anyone done this or have i caught cranial frostbite ?
cause maximum pain to your enemies by shooting doors at their feet . ''
full auto projectiles home on the enemy 's feet and have a chance of proccing nekros ' terrify but this one lasts for more and takes all the armor off .
im looking at dragon lores right now want to make sure the one i get is not duped
was on the azura official server today around 2.5 hours ago and still not able to see it in the list is it dead ?
does anyone have the raw address for it that i can try and connect to ?
have plenty of codes to trade 4 paypal 2 non-vanilla cs go keys or wishlist games at lowest sale values in that ratio .
e i 've been telling people individually but via u/celeryman727 's suggestion i will be refunding everyone in the event codes are invalidated .
e2 closed for tonight still have codes possibly tomorrow we 'll see where the market settles for price .
i 'm thinking of something like in mass effect 2 you could watch the comic and choose the big decisions .
so wet dreams are not relapse and they are kind of good ?
those who threw their dk2 out the window in anger over the 599 pricetag if you have the usb/hdmi cable assembly still intact i 'd like to buy it off you .
my bunny chewed through mine and i planned to buy the cv1 so it was not so much of a problem yet at this price i kind of just want my dk2 to work again .
i posted some screenshots for an earlier version of the game not too long ago .
i have been working on a doom rpg fan game for a long time .
the basic gist of it would be you control the survivors of a squad of marines sent to investigate a distress signal from a colony on mars .
there would be 5 total marines each with a special skill needed to progress but you can only take 3 with you at a time meaning you would have to break the group up .
the point of the game would be to recover these hard drives that the uac is using to back up their data so the earth military can understand what you are up against .
total drives each drive telling the story of what went down at the base .
however it would be completely optional to collect these drives .
want to just push through the base and hit the portal to hell ?
to get the best ending though you would have to collect them all .
the game would play similarly to sweet home '' a famicom survival horror game from the late 80s which was the predecessor to resident evil .
the problem i just ran into is in the form of the story .
it is near identical to the story information given in the game informer article .
i understand that it 's doom and that there is n't much in the way of story .
from what they have revealed though the games plot is basically going to be exactly the same as the plot for my fan game and i 've been working on it on and off for years already !
hell the story would even be told similarly relying more on the player reading data logs and less on cutscenes and scripted events .
so i am sort of at an impasse here .
should i scrap the story entirely and completely rewrite the plot ?
would people still be interested in playing it if i kept the plot i 've been going with so far ?
is finding out from phone records who was calling teresa halbach incessantly .
noticed last night that puncturing sweep keeps animation bugging and stopping other skills working for a short while only allowing the use of puncturing ... but toppling charge is working fine now ?
ps2 has rca outputs what do i need to display vga ?
for audio an rca-to-3.5mm audio jack will suffice right ?
pastry cream in my danishes are delicious but it tastes even better before it 's in the danish .
it 's smooth and velvety after baking it still tastes good but a little stiff and and chunky .
is it okay to put it in after baking ?
cooking at 370f for 20 min just enough to brown the egg glaze on the danishes .
if i do n't put it in the center of the danish will rise .
this thread will focus on the 2nd world in my 7 world long mario game .
all levels focus on being visually pleasing and having fun unique gameplay .
this game ai n't too focused on a spesified theme in each world since i want every stage to vary in gameplay .
the levels all focus on being visually pleasing and having fun semi-traditional gameplay .
the game is a little harder than normal mario games .
while some stages might look semi-hard at first glance the amount of items it gives out can make it more fitting in difficulty .
find the beetle helmet and keep it through the stage .
try to speedrun the stage and get a good time .
you can see how good your time is compared to the authors speedrun '' to see how well you 've done .
you can find these speedruns on my youtube channel or as a comment when clearing the stage .
before presenting you with the level codes themself i 'd like to present a short trailer showcasing the levels
an airship and water level that focus a lot on the usage of ice blocks .
you can do tons of exploration on this stage and is even a speedrun road to avoid the water section .
a pretty big grassland level that focus a lot on chain chomps .
a ghost house level with focus on moving platforms with cannons on them .
got 3rd place in boss contest with the non-improved '' version of this stage .
1st part consist of very fast autoscrolling through an area that got many roads to chose from every road is right .
2nd part is bouncing on para koopas and jumping of falling platforms .
1st part is exploration area while 2nd part is clever p-switch run area .
the stage focus around a castle level filled with clouds in it .
it also uses enemies in the lakitu cloud in a fair manner .
you 'll escape fight a bowser in cloud at the end .
i got videoes with both finding every secret and doing speedrun of my stages on my youtube channel if you 're interested in checking them out
i 'd really appreciate anything you got to say about my levels and hope you 'll look forward to my world 3 post when that comes out as well
not sure which subreddit to post it too but after reading maybe someone can tell me where to go .
yesterday i got my phone a 64 gb iphone 6 stolen out of my hands while in phnom pehn .
i immediately went to find my iphone on a friends phone and locked the phone and put it into erase mode because there was no way i could get back here .
i still had the original sim card because i had a cambodian sim card in there while im in the country .
today i went to buy a replacement phone at an apple reseller store here and i put in my original sim .
after getting all set up i went to photos to see if my photo stream would upload and it did but then i was asked something about icloud sharing and i clicked ok but after i clicked it i immediately lost all my photos .
if anyone could give me some help on getting them back or telling me what i did wrong that would be amazing because there was a lot of memories in there that i really do n't want to lose .
some backround info i was never good at school/suck at working on own initiative/i have adhd so do n't even try to bring up focus '' i always liked people/talkative/social dropped out of school got back into school in it graduated with above average grades .
so in norway where i live you 're required to do 2 years as an intern before you get your degree and im 6 months in .
basically my boss sysadmin hates me because im not what he expected '' and i feel like the heavy protection from the internship is the only thing that 's keeping me from getting fired .
i would like to know what you as sysadmins would expect from an intern with no earlier work experiance and some tips for aquiring attractive skills in the line of work .
this is just a little flavour post i wrote because i was bored .
it 's to recognize that venetian ships have started showing up in stockholm .
hrm that 's a quite a lot of potash you have there .
it 's great stuff i just need someone to give me a decent price . ''
best i can give you is fifteen ducats for the lot . ''
shipping it to lubeck alone is costing me nearly this much plus it 's just going to take up space until i can sell it .
it 's not often somebody comes by looking for this sort of thing .
i 'm not selling this to you for pennies .
sven marched back to his wagon and strapped the cover back on the potash .
after securing the ropes he mounted the cart and began searching for another merchant ship along the docks .
as he pulled out the hanseatic merchant called after him y'know every other merchant on the dock is going to give you the same price !
i ca n't control what the hansa mandates ! ''
sven brushed him off with a rude gesture before making his way along the docks .
winter fell swiftly this year as sven recalled and the cold bit at his toes .
this was the last bit of potash he could get out of the ground for the year as the ground froze solid making potash mining difficult .
along the docks merchants were buying and selling all sorts of goods .
iron from prussia northern herring a favourite of sven 's salt from luneburg and plenty of lumber were all being bought and sold along the docks .
in the distance sven could see two massive ships being erected .
sven must 've been noticeable awestruck because a passer-by quipped yup those are the two ships herr sten has commissioned .
here-tell is that they 're going to fight the saracen moslems when they 're finished .
i think think they 're to drive out the danskjavlar . ''
sven continued along the docks until he reached a peculiar looking ship bearing a flag with a golden lion atop .
the ship was low in the water unlike anything the hansa would trade in .
the sails were triangular and the ship had a great deal of oars .
standing by the docks were two men dressed in bright vibrant clothes unlike anything he 'd ever seen before .
the men spoke in italian to a confused looking man .
it seems that they had just docked and were trying to pay their harbour fees .
the harbour master could n't understand a word they were saying .
i know you 're from venice already just pay the damned fee ! ''
for god 's sake christoph they do n't understand swedish .
the venetian man let out an excited cry ja !
sven let the venetians finish their business before approaching them .
the venetians spoke in a thick accent exotic to sven .
well see i 've got this potash here i 'm looking to sell . ''
after showing off the product the venetians looked awestruck .
just dug up over the course of this week . ''
i 'll give you sixty ducats for the lot . ''
if you 'd rather i buy it for sixteen that can be arranged however i did mean sixty yes . ''
sven helped the venetian sailors load the potash onto the ship and made his way back to home with sixty ducats weighing him down .
on the way back he was able to bring bread and herring for his children .
i 'm puzzled that our good will did n't find any response from kiev authorities .
all attempts to communicate with representatives of ukraine to pass them prisoners failed .
i can imagine how he took cellphone and told hey kiev want to see your pow ?
without dialing a number and next day told above .
while volunteer organizatons poke them 24/7 and their dear friend ruban is even given a special position in kiev to do the same officially .
remember some ukrainian general says that ukraine sucks dnr rocks '' news ?
https news.pn/en/russiainvadedukraine/143866 this source is not the best but i 'm lazy to find better .
ruban is a soviet general who 's brother serves in russian army .
he 's literally their agent in kiev only tolerated as russians are ok to deal with him for prisoners exchange .
and plotnitsky wants to say that he was n't able to contact him ?
this will become an essence of russia 's politics for nearest year steal gas from genichensk give it back brag how noble you are propose prisoner release do nothing blame other side for not taking what you give .
edit a little forecast for dnr exchange https www.reddit.com/r/ukrainianconflict/comments/3zuny1/donetsk_republic_prepares_for_prisoner_swap_with it 's fake too and will end in similarly dumb way .
have you ever thought 'there must be something wrong with me ' even though you have no idea what ?
i ca n't seem to keep friends and i have no idea why .
sometimes it 's because they 've moved far away and i do n't keep great contact that i will admit .
but for local friends they just give me the slow fade and i have no idea why .
i know i 'm a nice person i 'd do anything for anyone .
i think of others first before i think of myself .
perhaps i might be a little whiny but i do n't believe overly so but i could be wrong about that .
i asked my husband who is kind of an asshole about 'telling the truth ' like he said my cornbread was disgusting when i made it for supper for his dad 's birthday and will say the truth regardless of it hurting feelings .
he said he really had no idea b/c all he sees is me doing for other people .
like this past year i was friends with lots of ladies from school .
not super close bffs or anything but they 'd always invite me out to happy hour .
i hung out with a few during the summer and it was always a nice time .
then in august when school started i was not invited to anything .
they stopped texting me back the ones that i was friends with over the summer .
i just deleted them all from my fb bc if they do n't care about me i do n't need to see their lives on display .
i just i just do n't know what 's so wrong with me .
not to pat my own back or be all i am such a christian i am awesome '' b/c that 's not how i truly roll but i wanted to mention it in case you all thought i was selfish or something .
i do n't really want to be a loner but it 's looking like that 's what i 'm gon na be .
i am serious when i say if any bromos wan na meet up with me in central florida i 'm down .
maybe y'all tell me why i suck and i can work on it .
i tried the p2p lending subreddit as advised from a blog .
my credit is shot due to my mother while i was growing up .
i 've been working on it slowly but surely .
however my score is still too low for obtaining a bank loan .
i 've applied to a few online being turned down .
not wanting to apply to many in order to avoid hard hits on my credit score .
and i 'd much rather not jump into the shark tank .
i get paid weekly and do n't want to draw out a long term loan .
just something to kick start my bills and get me caught up .
any advice is welcome on what direction i could go ?
just getting back to mc have n't played in a while .
anyone wan na do some survival and teach me some stuff ?
hi i just wan na know where i can pg my ed 40 lvl 36 mlvl with items .
i can waste like 1kk-1,5kk i wan na get 80 as fast as possible .
please tell me where i can go and what i should use there .
i was hunting spike and i was getting like 200-230k/h with ava .
landmines are spawning all over the map in cars/vans shops and people are getting loads in a matter of hours.we managed to get 33 landmines in 1hour because we found a lot of feralizers and mines very quickly .
personally this has got ta be an oversight on the new loot dispertion because this should n't be happening
can we please have some confirmation by daybreak so hopefully this will be fixed
basically i met this girl when i was back visiting family and we clicked instantly we hung out a few times while i was there and since ive been back home we 've pretty much talked constantly .
we 're both falling for each other and have been trying to make plans to visit each other somewhere halfway between where we live .
is it just not viable to date someone so far away ?
we 're both pretty affectionate people so being away from each other is a bit of a problem .
i know this might sound dumb as we only met a month ago but its something i 'm going to have to deal with .
tl dr girl and i falling for each other but we live 4 hours away from eachother .
i have install tails on usb manually but for persistent volume i need to use tails installer .
i clone to sd card or usb but when try to boot it does not work .
it says installation 100 complete in tails but sd or usb is not even recognized .
it only works when i manually install tails not if done by clone .
something else is wrong if you ca n't get to the tails splash screen on the sandisk .
i 've seen problems before where the 1st usb created by a usb installer will not include all of the files needed for the tails clone and installed 2nd usb to boot correctly .
try installing tails to the 1st 2gb usb using rufus instead http rufus.akeo.ie
change the drop down for bootable disk using '' from freedos to iso image .
click on the button to the right of the iso image and select the tails iso from the file manager .
ready should be displayed near the bottom of the rufus window .
boot from the rufus installed tails usb to install tails to the sandisk usb using the tails installer .
note you may still have the hang problem with the sandisk drive but at least you can use the workaround for that once you are able to get a tails boot screen .
is there a way to manually install tails and configure persistent volume ?
i am willing to hatch any egg matching my tsv 1046
other tsv look at the most recent tsvs here https www.reddit.com/r/svexchange/search ? q=projectroxo restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all
you do n't have to link your tsv thread to have your egg hatched .
tell me the pokemon you need hatched and if you want a nickname on your shiny on your first request .
just please give a hatching o-power after you give me your egg to hatch .
since this is a hatching save custom hatching locations will not entertained .
if this post becomes archived feel free to pm me to remind me to make another post .
here is a link https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_kgng-4q5-cr9zfqrw1lddaivyplq1jx2ojm-c7rai4/edit gid=65316344 to my own eggs that need hatching .
you give respect and you will get it in return .
i will not tolerate any form of harassment towards me or anybody in this post .
m4a4 evil daimyo factory new with 2x mousesports cologne 2015 stickers b/o 0.5 keys
ak-47 redline field-tested with fearsome holo bash holo just trolling headshot guarantee stickers b/o 2 keys adds if you buy something else in this store it 's only 2 keys
ak-47 redline field-tested with team envyus cologne 2015 backstab stickers b/o 2 keys .
if you feel like a price is n't right feel free to add me and discuss or just comment below !
long story short i 've always prerred supportive roles to straight dps roles and have n't played diablo since vanilla pre ah getting removed .
coming back this patch been goofing off some on ptr sader and wd but i feel once live hits i 'm going to prefer group play in general and i figured i 'd like to run a support barb next season as what i focus on gearing up .
i 'll prolly just roll barb as my first class so i 'll have the set beyond that what is the build with the most crossover to support gear that i can try and kill two birds with one stone .
also how does support work even like from what i gathered from the build on diablofans you basically just whirlwind around and group everything up stun it and buff/debuff as needed ?
i 'm completely okay with that if that 's how it works i 'm just not quite sure if i 'm missing something the guide i read was pretty bare bones gear/stat/skill priorities with no explanation which i 'm fine with but i just dont have all the baseline knowledge that 's expected .
i have n't been able to really find any videos or well written guides
would he wear the armor as a keepsake for instance ?
perhaps garden and help his neighbors build a shed ?
i 'm going to do a sith play through already have magicka sabers .
well day 1 down and on my second day my anxiety is a little high but overall i feel pretty good .
feeling hopeful and thankful for such a wonderful community .
i am defiantly finding strength and guidance in this group .
i have found that staying active through put the day has really been a help for me anytime i have a craving i just hop on read some stories and share with others and i 'm back to feeling a bit stronger .
thank you to everyone who stays active along with me .
sabre 350r herald aurora lx warlock titan endeavor master set add-ons are original lti
buyers cover paypal fee or send via friends and family option if based in the us
i wanted to switch to fi months ago but i owed a lot on my galaxy s6 and i never really had any problems with verizon .
after the phone got damaged at the bar i ordered a replacement .
i had a brand new phone in the box that i could sell .
so i pulled the trigger paid off my phone and cancelled verizon .
everything went smoothly until i tried to sell the phone .
i had n't used that site in years and i forgot about the scammers that come out of the woodwork .
i had to list it twice and both times the winning bidders were scammers .
then i had to call ebay because they charged me a fee for both sales and would n't let me relist it .
i did n't know that i could set itto only accept bids from people with paypal .
swappa was ok but i only got low-ball offers .
long story short i actually sold it on craigslist .
after sorting through a bunch of ghetto emails i found that only one person seemed serious .
we set up the exchange at the bar next door and he actually showed up on time and gave me the cash .
i handed the money over to the barkeep to check the bills .
we chatted for a bit and off he went .
i understand there are a lot of variables i 'm not considering here but bare with me
my fiance and i are 29 years old getting married in august .
we pull in 200k increases 5 yearly a year and have around 25k in existing student debt but with low interest .
we have 50k in cash saved up but could probably move closer to 100k if we move around money from our 401k .
we have rented in boston for several years rent is currently 2k/month and rising .
we plan on moving out of the city to start a family but not for at least 2-3 years .
sell condo at the end of 2-3 years and move to the burbs .
hypothesis buying and selling the condo over the course of 3 years will be cheaper than renting for the next 3 years .
things that i 'm worried about disproving my hypothesis hoa fees pmi fees interest on loans tax insurance closing costs boston 's housing bubble blowing up in my face after the purchase
tldr is it cheaper to rent in boston for the next 3 years for 2,300 a month considering rent will go up or to buy a condo/apt for 500k and sell it in 3 years ?
hey im wondering how so many people have legendary mythical ... mercenaries have .
is there a way to get those good one 's ?
so looking to surprise hubby with a new gun for vday and i know he has always liked the m14 platform and i see the always for cheap on evike and wanted to know how good are these stock ?
anything that we will need to upgrade out of box for skirmishes ?
also comparing it to the full size version i noticed that it shows the full length at 4 kg and the shorter one at 5.5 kg is this right ?
also will a 9.6 butterfly fit in the battery area ?
anything else i need i know about this gin before i buy it for him ?
i 've had some bad experiences before and need someone to come service my washer .
the skybox for the hub world for me is stuck on the nightmare before christmas sky and theme song .
i do n't think that it 's supposed to be stuck on that and that it should be another sky and theme .
need some help on updating from 4.4 where can i find the official update ?
could n't find a way in the settings but more than once i 've had the ev readout getting in the way of me seeing obstacles .
starting at 4 for sets and 5 for couriers and 8 for mythicals on top of a singles chest no less valve seems to be going back to their 2013 store practices like we suggested not too long ago .
this also implies in client store browsing will probably be patched in pretty soon .
this is really good news for contributors and consumers alike
thank you valve please continue this trend into 2016 !
it just reminds me that other people are getting discounts and i 'm not .
so i decided to roll for the first time with very close friends at home .
being an experienced/regular mj user i was more than ready for a new mind-altering substance ... !
i took around 150mg and about 1 hour in i did start feeling something .
i felt excited my upper lip started to get a little sweaty music was more profound empathy was enhanced ...
i took another half dose a couple of hours after but the intensity did n't increase .
i just felt very much awake and focussed a little clumsy .
i 'd heard about the effects like euphoria bruxism super empathy altered sense of touch etc but none of that really happened to me .
is it common for first timers to not get that ?
i do have to say that the sex was mindblowingly fun .
so it was n't like i did n't enjoy it i guess the experience was just very mild compared to the things i heard .
my friend recently moved to katy and is looking for recommendations on group salsa classes .
thought i 'd ask all you to see if there are any recommendations !
puerto rico and the virgin islands should be made states especially considering puerto rico just defaulted on their debt so they 're practically debt-free .
make nations like jamaica the bahamas etc all states if they want it !
while these sort of things are usually thought of as a crazy in the short term they have historically paid off louisiana purchase alaska ...
i 've been lurking in this forum for a while .
you perform quick kills by pulling off a stealth kill or knocking someone off balance and then attacking them .
sometimes while performing this move time slows to give you a better look at the kill animation i 'm not referring to the special kills on assassination targets like the pendeltons or moves using blood thirsty .
is there any way to increase the occurrence of this slow-mo ?
adjusting kill cam frequency in settings only seems to effect crossbow kills .
is there an ini file i could edit or something ?
i 've got a fever and the only prescription is more cowbell .
well first of all it means obviously that the front office does n't think that ryan johansen is part of their plans going forward .
they felt that a center of his caliber can be found in other ways and that ryan johansen can be replaced .
it also means that they think seth jones can do a lot for our defense .
let 's address both of these topics one at a time .
so one of the first things everyone is going to bring up his this tweet https twitter.com/ryanjohansen19/status/628248345559994368 of johansen 's showing his commitment to the club or whatever .
a short article from the cannon http www.jacketscannon.com/2014/9/16/6222819/ryan-johansen-contract-extension reminds us that we are n't far removed from a long contract extension dispute between ryan johansen and the blue jackets management .
it reminds us that he got scratched in the ahl a guy who has since put up 63 and 71 point seasons .
and so far this season that guy is on pace for 56 points in 82 games played .
still solid but when you 're a big goal scoring center with 26 and 33 goal outings but let 's look deeper at his numbers this season and in the past .
ryan johansen has 6 goals in 38 games on pace for only 12-13 goals this season .
that 's similar to what he had in his first two seasons as a 19/20 year old .
and now suddenly ryan johansen has slumped back down to the numbers he put up as a new face to this league .
his pdo is exactly 100 http www.hockey-reference.com/players/j/johanry01-additional.html his cf is within his career average a little above in fact but his sh http stats.hockeyanalysis.com/showplayer.php ? pid=1519 is below average .
to be precise his career sh is 9.95 and this season he 's putting up an 8.93 so almost exactly a full percentage below and 3-4 percentage points below where he 's been for the past two years .
and to top that all off ryan johansen is getting more offensive zone starts this year than his past two seasons hockey-reference .
typically we see that players who get more starts in the defensive zone especially centers are the better two-way centers .
bergeron for example has nearly 60 of his draws in the defensive zone and to contrast patrick kane has nearly 6**6 !
those numbers are extremes but ryan johansen is clearly leaning towards a high scoring threat and away from a shutdown center if you look at his draws .
in essence the first 40 games of the season statistically are either a long slump for ryan johansen or his previous two seasons were outliers and this is the ryan johansen that the predators will have for the next two years before he looks for an extension again .
if we want to use the eye test to look for positive and negative indications of how his career can go we have a lot to draw from 300 career games .
whiffing on a puck with an open net from the face off dot whiffing on a faceoff and conceding the fastest response goal in nhl history .
looking for positives we can see his skill in the shootout he can break into the offensive zone and dangle through defenders making them look silly as he heads towards the net .
another thing that has been mentioned on occasion this season is heart troubles .
johansen was hospitalized over the summer http bluejacketsxtra.dispatch.com/content/stories/2015/10/26/1026-jackets-notes.html due to an accelerated heart rate .
is this something that comes into the equation when looking at his on-ice struggles '' this season ?
jarmo said that his non-healthy scratch early in the season was not heart related but what else is the gm going to say ?
he only has 2 more points on the season than nick foligno .
and this is not a jab at the captain and they are both assists .
i could n't find if they 're both primary assists or not hockeyviz has n't included the most recent game yet but they appear to both by primary .
for a man wanting to be seen as a top 10 center in the league he 's not making a very good case having almost the exact same scoring line as a man who has been criticized relentlessly for his production this season and i 've already written one post on my thoughts there .
i personally do n't believe that johansen 's scoring struggles are due to coach tortorella .
his 5v5 toi http hockeyviz.com/img/player/historystrips/1516/cbj/history-1516-cbj-johanry92.png is divided among so many players .
you can say that he got thrown on the fourth line with gregory campbell but is a line with ryan johansen and nick foligno really the fourth ?
that looks more like a second and a half line in my eyes .
a lot of coaches shuffle lines in the league when things are n't working quenneville therrien sullivan mclellan .
the argument could be made that it ruins potential chemistry but it discovers great line chemistry as well that 's why it 's done .
so i do n't think that ryan johansen 's scoring troubles are because lines were being shuffled i think that tortorella was just trying to find line mates that would spark the big center and help him find his touch again .
do n't believe me when i say that i believe tortorella wanted the best for johansen ?
here are some word straight from the coach 's mouth .
but here 's some of what tortorella had to say about his talented center quite honestly i like the kid .
but he is 23 ... years ... old bangs podium pauses between words for emphasis .
there is a ton there with him and we 're going to try to get it out of him.
seth jones is a 4^th overall pick same pick as johansen actually and has been brought up under a great defensive system in nashville learning under one of the league 's best defenseman in shea weber .
his with or without you http hockeyviz.com/img/player/wowy/1516/nsh/wowy-1516-nsh-jonesse94-shots.png chart is far better than anything the blue jackets have on the blueline .
display_count=yes chart shows great puck possession and solid individual offensive production .
his 5v5 shots/60 chart http hockeyviz.com/img/player/historystrips/1516/nsh/history-1516-nsh-jonesse94.png is pretty damn good too and his worst pairings on his spider chart http hockeyviz.com/img/player/spider/1516/nsh/spider-1516-nsh-jonesse94-shots.png are the two with the least amount of minutes .
seth jones is a very good defenseman and will hopefully only get better with age though he is an rfa after this season so he will need to be signed .
if the blue jackets win the lotto they will draft austin matthews and the 1c hole will be filled thusly .
if they 're second they 'll draft a great defensive prospect in chychrun .
going forward potential defensive pairings for the blue jackets are jones-murray/werenski-paliotta/savard-johnson .
or perhaps jones will be with chychrun if he 's drafted or werenski even .
the organization suddenly has a great defensive future from this trade and if werenski pans out as well as his wjc performance suggests the jackets top pairings will be scary and skilled .
offensive prospects now can not be traded away milano rychel and bjorkstrand will all be hoping to fill the offensive gap left by johansen 's departure and it will be a big one .
luckily guys like jenner and wennberg have shown that they can be serviceable top 6/9 centers and for now dubinsky or jenner will be likely be slotted into the hole .
the more i think about this trade the better i feel about .
losing johansen is obviously a blow but the acquisition of jones helps the defensive issues that have been the biggest problem this season .
if korpisalo or forsberg pan out one of them can fill in as a more usable backup to give bob less stress and more rest .
prospects still need to pan out they always do but if they do then stop me if you 've heard this before the future is bright .
a high pick in this draft will only help the team greatly either finish shoring up the defense or almost immediately replacing the offensive gap left by this trade .
i 'm just comparing my players and i 'm not sure what the difference between those two attributes is .
i 've posted before about alwayshired www.alwayshired.com our tech sales bootcamp here in san francisco .
we 're starting a weekday course this coming monday 1/11 that will last through thursday .
for those looking to break into tech without a programming background or folks looking to start reboot their careers our program is a great fit .
we have a very high placement rate at some of sf 's best tech companies .
if you have any questions pm me or apply at www.alwayshired.com .
just recently i accidentally received what i am lead to believe malware after my computer detected it .
unsure of where the source of the problem was i ran malware bytes and windows defender and had them scan the computer and get rid of anything that may be wrong .
afterwards the notifications stopped and things went back to normal ... kinda .
everything runs fine for the most part but here 's the problem all media files .png .jpg .mp4 .mp3 .wma .wav etc .
none of my software can open up the image files and opening up songs in winamp show that they are 0 or 1 second long and do n't play any sound whatsoever .
this even went into my dropbox and did the same thing .
at first i thought it was just my computer being unable to open anything but when trying to access pictures and songs on my phone they were all shown as incompatible .
i 'm unsure what to do now the files seemed to have retained their file sizes and programs run fine but all of my old media files simply do n't work the only ones that do are ones that i download now .
i looked into the issue and thought that maybe i had the cryptowall virus but i do n't recall anything popping up about a ransom .
i additionally thought a simple system restore from two days ago would work out but alas it did not .
so right now i really have no idea what to do .
all or any help is greatly appreciated thank you !
seeing that star citizen reached 105 million in funding got me thinking is that really as much as it sounds ?
i read in an article that the game destiny '' had a budget of 500 million which is about 5 times more than the current funding for star citizen .
but destiny '' is an fps game not an mmorpg .
and i do n't have any information about mmorpg budgets .
it would be nice to know the budgets of some popular mmos so i could put star citizen 's 105 million in perspective .
right now i do n't know what to think should i think man 105 million that 's really a lot they sure have more than enough money to do whatever they want with the game ! ''
it 's only a lot if you compare it to other crowdfunded games but if you compare it to normally funded games it 's actually kind of a low budget . ''
kennith was a strange and slightly uncomfortable child to be around !
i always had an inkling that he was behind this .
the ending scene on the preview for episode 8 should ruby and velvet talking about yang .
coco might have experienced some hallucinations in the arena and told her team .
the team kinda shrugged it off as 'oh it was just your nerves ' or 'the stresses of losing are getting to you . '
but then the yang situation happens ruby tells velvet yang 's side and then velvet tells ruby what coco experienced .
this could lead to in episode 9 ruby confronting emerald about the whole thing .
which would defiantly throw a wrench into whatever cinder is planning as someone is on to them .
if you want a piece of old glory then i suggest checking out the closest one to you .
317 defender looking for a fresh kings fall run on hard and oryx challenge .
i completed the oryx challenge last time so i have experience with it .
the chance to track down and kill all of vault tec executives and scientists leaders etc .
pay them back for the shitty way they have screwed over virtually every vault inhabitant .
it could be set in one city maybe or even better over several .
a month ago i said i would go to the clinic and admit i 've been hiding from life in bed with a bottle of vodka and oxy everyday instead of going to work and being a functioning adult .
i 've been more or less clean a month now.. so that 's good i guess i say more or less because two weeks ago i went looking for my meds and found some codeine .
i made it into crack morphine and enjoyed that a night p
i guess the next step is to just turn mostly clean '' into clean . ''
i just replaced the addiction with a bunch of others sodas cigarettes compulsive eating video games drinking that make socializing unappealing .
i still go to work but now i just sit around playing mafia returns with my spare time .
i tihnk it 's really hard to match the escapism opiates provide .
the clinic has been really good to me they test me and are n't scathing if they detect drugs .
instead they talk to me about what made me go and do it and how i can curb it in the future .
lots of love to you guys even u/worldofwomen but i seriously hope you get therapy soon.. you really need it and i do n't say that as an insult
this was part of a conversation with my husband this morning .
i know he has been feeling insecure but goddamn .
i 'm about as loyal as they come so this just makes me feel a little insulted .
especially with everything we have dealt with and i have put up with .
ya 'll see who i talk to and what i post .
he has access to my facebook reddit emails and phone .
yes privacy is important in a relationship and he gives that but regardless i 've had enough betrayal and shit go wrong in my life that i 'm all about being an open book .
just remember to put it on airplane mode before you pass it to button .
get up get ready husband button and i get in the car so he can take me to work we have one vehicle since his car ca n't handle the winter .
as we are pulling out of the driveway button is fussing .
i get in the back to see what 's going on and i guess i got a message on facebook .
about a plane crash that occured when i was active duty from someone who is a friend of a high school friend .
nice guy but we 've never met in person and we wo n't either .
he 's also been a friend on facebook since before i met my husband .
so i tell my husband about it because by the way he is asking it 's as if the crash happened today .
i look it up and it was years ago .
we laugh a little about it and then this takes place
me oh he 's friend 's with a girl i went to high school with .
i think he 's a pilot for a major airliner .
at this point i 'm confused as to why there is even a problem .
i should note here that this is when i realized when i got back into the front seat my facebook messenger was open but had that stupid thing up that wants me to turn on notifications .
i 'm not all about my phone buzzing nonstop !
i had thought i hit the button accidentally when i put the phone down but now i think he was attempting to snoop or something .
which i do n't care if he reads my messages but he 's gon na get bored reading them .
me do you have something you want to ask me or something ?
cause at that point i do n't even care .
and to add to the reddit boyfriend thing that is in reference to a few weeks ago .
i 'm friends on facebook with a few others from another sub .
we have a closed facebook page where we talk .
they even sent baby shower gifts cause they are awesome like that .
so one of the people is a guy and he sent me a message i responded .
husband saw and asked what i was doing so i told him .
oh so you are talking to your reddit boyfriend ! '' .
we will be discussing this tonight cause even if he says he is joking '' i know he is n't .
i 've deleted real life friends in the past for him and not in a controlling way .
dude crossed the line and hit on me so i immediately told my husband and deleted him .
but i just do n't get where this sudden jealousy is coming from .
i 'm all about maintaining healthy boundaries and such but i do n't want it start getting into a territory where i 'm having to delete facebook delete reddit and get into isolation territory .
maybe i 'm going doomsday scenario here as i do n't think it would go that far but i 'm not digging what he is insinuating .
we will be talking tonight to avoid this being an issue again .
turns out it was n't jealousy '' but more of a double standard and a lack of trust on my part bothering him .
we will be talking more and this is more of a molehill than a mountain .
he just did n't know how to approach it .
i will be in theory entering next fall to begin my freshman year .
i 'm planning on applying to other schools right now to see if i can find a better financial plan at another school .
should i be approaching this as a transfer student ?
i 'm new to this subreddit and new to the game purchased ttk about a week before xmas and i 'm getting the hang of the game and i believe i 'm learning pretty fast but there are still a few things i really ca n't find answers for .
if there are some resources you guys would suggest or if this is n't the place for this post by all means point me in the right direction or delete this post and pm me please .
if i purchase a legacy engram from xur and it has a year two version if i purchase it from the kiosk will it be the y2 version or still y1 .
i 'm 301 light from running solo stuff and i 'm trying to get as high as i can is this a good place to be before i start raiding or should it be a little higher ?
i really only have a few exotics mida and a few armor pieces is there any other pieces i should get before trying to raid ?
i 'm gon na try and get black spindle and sleeper stimulant asap and i 'm on the last part of the exotic sword quest
this one is probably stupid but should i really go grab the hung jury this week or is everyone just being dank memers by saying that is has great rolls ?
again i 'm really sorry if this is n't the place for this i 'm just extremely excited about destiny and i 'm trying to learn everything i can about this game .
thank you in advance for any help you can provide fellow guardians .
do i still get a trade hold if i dont lose anything in the trade ?
also the dude i am trading with has the mobile authenticator .
i have a question regarding an issue i ran in to while working on the intermediate front end development projects .
i had a problem with the wikipedia reader project where i could not get the json call to work due to some header information user agent missing .
when i added this i noticed another error which was
no 'access-control-allow-origin ' header is present on the requested resource .
i figured out that i could work around this using by specifying the datatype as 'jsonp ' .
this works but i would really like to know why i did not have to do this on the previous projects openweathermap/fcc news .
were n't this also json calls that took place across domains ?
i guess in the case with owp that this had something to do with the fact that a api key was required ?
i have quite a bit experience as developer daily job as iphone developer but networking has always been my weak spot .
can anyone recommend a good resource on this subject ?
my so expressed to me that she does n't want me to loose anymore weight .
while i am maintaining my goal and plan on hitting my gw it does make me a little less motivated to keep going and maintaining my cw .
we are looking to now implement a dynamic drip email campaign .
we have an evil popup for lead capture as well as people that partially fill out the sales form and quit .
finally we want a post-fulfilment campaign to inform customers and up-sell them .
has anyone here had successful automated drip email campaigns ?
are there any good templates out there that anyone knows of ?
feel free to ask questions excited for the discussion to follow
the title speaks for itself the run animation makes the characters look like balanceless drunken idiots .
what online profiles/presences should a technologist have to help promote themselves ?
so i 'm a fairly new to i hosted a tournament for about 30 people about 3 months ago .
the tournament was a success we had prizes and everything .
so the only thing i failed on was the amount of wiiu set-ups .
we only had one set-up hooked up to a monitor and a large projector and that 's it .
this made the tournament last way to long and there were people who sat around for a very long time in between matches .
i am hosting my second tournament in about a month so i 'd like to ask fellow to 's how many wiiu set-ups is best ?
i am expecting about 50 people to attend this tournament .
so my theory is that we have 4 matches running at once on separate monitors .
then once we reach the semi 's for singles/doubles we start doing 1 match at a time while hooked up to a large projector .
does my current plan sound alright for 50 people ?
my only worry is that it would be hard for people to watch other matches due to the fact that they would have to stand behind the players and just look at the monitor .
would it be a bad idea to just get a rotation of matches going on the projector ?
by that i mean singles winners singles loosers doubles winners doubles loosers .
we only have 1 projector so we would just move the plug from station to station like a rotation so there would always be a match on the projector to watch .
i 'm fully expecting many downvotes as this is n't a popular opinion but felt it was right to share regardless .
at the link below it has the package inserts that come with vaccines entailing all the possible risks and side effects .
i specifically looked at hepatitis b as in the usa hospitals give that routinely at birth and was horrified to see how in trials it sometimes caused death among various other diseases they even link it to sids directly .
i work as a freelance graphic designer in the orlando area .
i of course am willing to take on projects from all over .
i can create logos/advertisements/flyers/book sleeves album covers packaging etc .
my price range varies on a project to project basis .
if you are interested please send me a pm !
i 've been wrestling with this problem for a while and it 's becoming more than just an inconvenience .
we block downloading windows cab files on our firewall but we open various ms sites as exceptions .
lately however all updates are being blocked because the ips are n't resolving to ms site names .
the firewall error displayed on the pc says the site was download.microsoft.com so it should n't have been blocked .
but the firewall blocked 172.226.77.12 which resolves as a172-226-77-12.deploy.static.akamaitechnologies.com .
i 've also seen these ips resolve to cache.google.com .
is anyone else having this problem and how did you resolve it ?
how dangerous are windows cab files and do i really need to block them ?
ps this same problem is blocking users from downloading ms office templates from ms online .
that 's been a nuisance problem for a while now too .
like quite a few of the other account giveaway posts i 've run out of time to play ffrk and would love to give my account away to someone helpful on here asap .
i unfortunately do n't have time to check who maintains what spreadsheet psa/tip and/or may have really lost their account to some accident .
so i 'll just give this account to whomever posts to this topic with the final fantasy character i 've liked most in their flair i have a second third favorite ff character in mind if no one gets it by this weekend .
if before a winner is chosen and a mod messages me a recommendation to someone who has contributed to this community in the past and lost their account i will defer to their judgement .
i should have almost all of the characters since day one all 50 with a few exceptions to new characters .
character specific relics dark sword sentinel 's grimoire lightning steel diamond pin lulu 's hairpin and wild bear .
still have n't picked the beginners choice i hear stormlance might work well with the lighting steel
shared relics hawkeye sniper thief blade betrayal sword running fire power sash dragon gloves and esthar bracers .
quite a few growth eggs recent sb crystals since i started to fall off and not level new chars to 50 since the shadow event 122 mithril 119 stamina .
due to the time sensitive nature of the one-time code i would prefer to transfer the account from the following times 1pm-5pm central utc 6 .
brad davis|lm|signed davis to skc for 2 draft picks http www.chron.com/sports/dynamo/article/longtime-dynamo-standout-brad-davis-accepts-trade-6742964.php
justin mapp|rm|free agent signing justin mapp to skc as first free agent http www.mlssoccer.com/post/2015/12/14/sporting-kansas-city-sign-justin-mapp-first-free-agent-deal-mls-history
alec kann|gk|re-entry selection alec kann in 2015 re-entry draft http www.sportingkc.com/post/2015/12/11/sporting-kc-selects-goalkeeper-alec-kann-stage-1-2015-mls-re-entry-draft
you had no reason to say fuck oculus b4 tho so ...
there is nothing you need ports tank armour for in the game atm .
but yeah ... you 've got to have a little faith in humanity .
trust me it only gets worse the closer you get .
you 're on the road to being free of this abusive relationship .
block her number so she ca n't leave you heart wrenching messages .
i know we have a baller laser but i still do n't think it works in air ... .
one of my anxiety meds knocks me out about 30 minutes after taking it .
i 've never had uninterrupted sleep like that before .
without meds i stare at the ceiling all night and wake up every hour or two .
it affects my productivity during the day especially mornings .
a skills group literally just discusses the set of skills presented that week .
in my experience it 's more like a lecture class with the facilitator going over the ideas group members do n't have much opportunity to speak of their experiences .
a process group allows the members to discuss how they 've applied those skills to their lives that week to process the information they 've learned in the skills group perhaps to process the feelings that come up ?
i 've never been able to go to a dbt process group .
i 've done non-dbt process groups but sometimes they 're a shitshow if the facilitator lacks the ability to direct group members to stay on topic and allow everyone to have time to talk .
the 07 's had some oil consumption issues as seen here ...
it looks like a honda fit from the outside ... hopefully the interior is as functional as the fit ...
also ... watch out for the cat if you have one .
those little shits find a golf swing fascinating and keep getting closer and closer and closer ...
yeah i mean i get not liking it but a turn off ?
i mean are you telling me that if a hot girl is giving you a strip tease and starts singing along to the song in this voice you will lose your erection turn her down ?
for me i always get teamed with detriments when i play arena mode and it really pisses me off .
you should be able to websearch your husband 's command ombudsman and find a direct match .
every command i know has it on their homepage .
wow an unreliable imouto that 's the second time in this series
if haruka was here she will have a cardiac arrest due to cuteness overload of the the two puppies .
did not think of that would have been fun to see her reaction
i just want to see what kind of hissy fit would tsalty tsukasa would do .
creating classes that fail 60-75 of students with a prof whose grading is n't fair lies to the students and refuses to assist or explain anything when asked .
such as when asking for an additional example the class was told that we did n't need one not showing up to office hours refusing to answer questions and so on and on .
when concerns are raised to cordes about it several things have been said such as the class is meant to be that way to discourage too many people from graduating with a cs degree and flippant responses like we can make the rules when we 're the instructors .
programming projects that work being given cs and when asked why refusal to explain stating we muct figure it out on our own time .
karr the dean backs the department and refuses to look into anything said about it and the administration takes the same stand doubly so now that whitaker the former assistant dean works in the provost office
add in refusing transfer credits and its just a department that needs a complete overhaul to be worth anything .
from a 49ers fan standpoint who wants what 's best for the team ?
but how do they know what to cert into ?
on yt there was some noob on ps4 trying to get started and i was telling him things over the streamer chat .
he had put certs into things like nv scope on viper but did n't have medkits ... .
i have a friend who does physics at uq but i do journalism .
would love to discuss our mutual friend s physics at the meet up though .
i pretty much write down what i said in the first post .
it 's all about collecting your thoughts into one place to be able to look back over them which allows you to see connections progress and things you may have missed otherwise .
on top of the stuff other people have mentionned if luffy takes down a yonkou and possibly allies or does a ceasfire or some such with big mam and shanks on top of all the accomplishments he 's done so far i doubt the wg would be crazy enough to start shit with him .
we 're talking about a guy who orchestrated or was part of seemingly all of the biggest blows to the wg lately many of which were never heard of before .
i would n't piss of a crazy bastard like that just for some silly island of women if i was the wg ... also remember that the island is insanely tough with everyone knowing haki if i remember correctly .
i 'm gon na go by what tumblr thinks cause i was addicted to the site in 2013 they were convinced the albums influence was drawn from a bad break up .
it 's reddit so i typically expect any dissenting comments to be downvoted to oblivion .
your body background color and text color are both fff white so the text is n't visible .
fuck yeah ny about time we had some politicians that didnt suckle that clinton teet
i feel dumb for not having tried it before posting .
i am not a fan of the current remix he has electrifying '' .
wwe shifted the song up a key or something i do n't know music theory pls do n't hurt me and i still find it jarring and unexpected .
lots of people complain that replicated food does n't taste like the real thing .
this could be the replicators dumbing down the complexity of the food .
for example real vanilla extract has several hundred compounds imitation has one .
they both taste like vanilla extract but one is much more complex .
maybe they should replace her image of brushing teeth with warning nsfw link this http i.imgur.com/4lu9rto.gif ͡º ͜ʖ ͡º
it 's unfortunate because the guy in front of her was just about to demonstrate the perfect technique for not getting your face slammed into the ground hard .
ems shipping will cost nothing on these since they dont weigh much
coach nick is also extremely biased for certain players while nitpicking others .
if you have to believe him westbrook is a scrub who 's best traded because he only makes okc worse .
i think he 's also not been as positive on blake in the past .
although it may not be directly tied to the word creepy '' the abyss where you encounter the brain of mensis has this weird intense and mysterious vibe going on ! !
i tried bumping up my volume the first time going there..
i was beyond freaked out with the only sound being the brain 's slow heartbeat in the thick darkness.. !
im pretty sure he was around 300 pounds in college
have fun when you ets and promptly slide into community college state .
i 'm sure the 19 year old indie/hipster girls will just fawn over you .
he does n't want it and thinks that it would hinder the free roam world mechanic .
edit as a side note this is n't a traditional zelda game it 's bringing a lot of new content to the table so much that it can be expected to revolutionize the way the series continues for years to come .
with that said why should we be forced to explore a massive new world with only a basic set of mechanics built over 15 years ago ?
i always come here when i want to speak my mind and the topics are usually what i want to talk about .
even the trolls and antis are tolerated and even welcomed here so take that for what it is worth .
it is definitely a safe space for free speech to put it simply .
true not completely the same but our teacher also showed us two films about it .
i would n't be upset if they gave me one ...
the moveset would probably be like the meat cleaver .
im not going to defend a decision i dont agree with .
i just gave some potential reasoning that larry can not for obvious reasons .
i definitely dont think it warrants ending the series for any amount of time .
yeah if you 're on a contract still they 'll drop it by 20 once your phone is off contract .
so i just did that and bought a new samsung from groupon for 350 since a share everything plan with rogers was going to cost me 80 a month with a new phone .
they also gave me 1gb of data for 2 years once my contract expired for being a loyal customer so i 'm getting unlimited everything and 1.5 gigs of data for 45 a month .
u/martinyeah do you have any spare eyes for this good fellow ?
they get hundreds of thousands of dollars of marketing and goodwill for 6k .
i was sarcastically pointing out that people on this board were very very anti-foxtrotalpha prior to the quiet bird article .
i thought it was silly how much vitriol was spewed around here against you .
even if people think your articles are clickbaity or sensationalist it was amusing how much cursing the name tyler rogaway was going on in this sub lol .
hmm that 's odd.. can you post a photo of that ?
just fyi i have tutored on and off for the past 7 years .
i would not tutor for you if those are the terms of employment .
anyone who has any sort of experience in this field has worked for numerous companies so telling someone that they ca n't work for anyone else for three years would definitely rub me the wrong way .
most tutors do this job for side income for a semester here a semester there .
also if you are hiring an independent contractor it basically means they are their own business owner meaning they are basically selling their services to you .
i 'm pretty sure it is illegal to require an independent contractor to sign a non compete for this very reason .
the mudslides start after about two weeks of regular rain .
looks like there are only a few days of rain forecast for the next 10 days so hopefully the ground has time to recover .
those cops in your video probably knew the guy .
i 'm pretty sure being a cop is n't in the top 10 dangerous jobs in the us .
for your information we do n't call them asses '' where i 'm from .
an armor with can store and use a lot of energy and i mean a lot of it but which consumes it quite quickly .
stronger than draconium maybe but really complicated to craft .
once it 's crafted you will need a multiblock structure to wear it and take it off except if its storage goes to 0 in which case it will get unequipped and possibly fall on the ground .
although stronger than draconium it uses power for everything .
from a walking speed boost to flying at max speed to withstanding a chaos dragon in the face .
perhaps they 're just setting off large amounts of traditional explosives to try and fool us into thinking they 're doing nuclear tests .
like the guy who is regularly diddled by his roommate against his will ?
i do n't think it defines them as a whole at all nor do i think playful snowball fights define them as a whole .
if you 're looking for some honest critique from a fellow artist to help her improve then i 'm happy to help .
though if what you said in your follow up comment about her never seeing this is true then this is somewhat of a pointless endeavor p .
being off center as they go down the face .
of the face is wider than the left even factoring in the optical illusion created by the left side being covered by hair .
the neck is too long and is anatomically incorrect with its placement into the bottom of the skull specifically the left side connecting just to the left of the chin .
the head it self should be shuffled to the right so the chin is more centered on the neck and the left side of the neck is closer to the left side of the skull .
the inside of the right eye again from the viewers perspective .
the bottom eyelid is nearly flat at the tear duct and slopes upward as it gets farther away .
in this case the inner tear duct section has more curve to it than the upper lid which does n't make anatomical sense even factoring in the stylization of the drawing. .
this http tentopet.livejournal.com/34995.html is an excellent tutorial on learning the proper anatomy of eyes and how they should act '' so to speak when drawn at any angle .
the right eye is also set much higher on the skull than the left .
this is the leading factor in making the face look stretched out as it does .
the shoulder even factoring in the slightly turned pose .
is much to close to the neck and does n't seem to take into account the trapezius muscle .
i would draw up some sketches to show what i mean by some of these things but the cable for my tablet crapped out on me the other day and i ca n't get a new one until the weekend .
once i do though i 'll edit this post with some drawings to show what i mean .
one positive thing i feel i have to mention is the shading is very well done .
i have really been wanting to do some recording myself but it would be neat to be able to edit something the mods put out .
at my current position at school i manage my university 's youtube page and would have some fun editing rust videos for a change instead of editing intro to theater videos which are actually pretty funny .
you 're just another option to him while he 's your priority does n't seem fair at all .
even if he left his girlfriend to be with only you which he wo n't because this two-girlfriend stuff seems to be working great for him and you allow it keep in mind that stolen man stealable man .
i only have the problem on the first shot by the time everything spawns the count down is at 1 .
if you 'd like next time you can hand us your driver 's license instead of speaking your birthday .
we need to verify we are giving out your medicine to the right person .
so are bagels and basically anything with cheese lol .
and the cafeteria in the cancer hospital here features a real wood-burning brick oven .
i could theoretically have brick oven pizza every day .
so i just have to act like they are n't there .
i 've gone so far as to leave my wallet at home to avoid the temptation while at work .
yeah food choices maybe are n't so great but i applaud the attempt at making it feel less clinical and more enjoyable for the kids who have to be there .
thats what i meant by 'puts maypul 's speed to great use ' playing him always makes for some exciting matches with him just playing at the speed of light .
but in all honesty ... you probably could have with a little effort .
and no one suspects basic campfire of taking out its competition ... . s
just the other day i was lamenting that there were n't any new toys for my mono-red deck .
seriously this keeps getting asked every day at least couple of times .
he truly did ruin the sanctity of the time honored people choice awards .
not to mention the talk did n't deserve to have their special moment compromised like that .
they put in a lot of blood sweat and tears to earn that award .
i have n't tested with bes 10 yet but i have a demo priv activated on our bes 12 system and it 's great .
you basically get money or nordy notes as a reward for spending money !
you do need to be a nordstrom cardholder but the rewards apply to both credit and debit cardholders .
i also love that both stores offer designated days to earn extra 2x 3x etc .
at nordy you can choose your extra point days so when you know you 're going to make a large purchase you can earn rewards really fast !
i love stories like this in which a person 's edc comes in to save the day !
glad to hear that you made it home safely !
ah thanks for pointing that out i 've read it on so many places that i assumed it was correct .
what than is the reason for having significant lower fps in mp games ?
i am not even remotely an expert on this but instinctively i think multiplayer would increase the fps because the server can offload a lot of things from the clients .
that said i hardly ever notice that i have low fps in multiplayer sometimes it goes down to 30 but i 'm not complaining .
even if people tell me i have terrible self-esteem and i generally brush it off .
i feel like i ca n't see what others see about me .
i 've been told i 'm beautiful ... but how does one go about agreeing with that when they ca n't see it themselves ?
pod is a suspect taken into custody pending trial while brienne is allowed to represent them and gather evidence for their case .
the corruption and systematic failings of the ruling and lawful institutions does not equate to the bwb being legitimate .
in asoiaf the lawful institutions ' rulings are automatically legitimate .
aerys sentencing rickard and brandon was legitimate since he was the king .
robb sentencing rickard karstark was legitimate since he was the king .
ned sentencing gared was legitimate because he was the lord paramount acting in the name of the king .
like it or not but lady stoneheart is the lawful institution here .
she is the highest ranking member of her faction acting in the name of her son and king robb .
as such she has the right to put anybody on trial .
the other people of her faction that are lawful institutions next to her the blackfish and edmure would not have bothered with a trial for brienne and pod in the first place they would 've hanged them already .
if you 're going by our standards you have to admit that none of the rulings in this series have ever been legitimate not even ned 's .
do you think a suspect that has to procure evidence of their innocence or else face the law is being blackmailed ?
so you agree it 's because of the allegiances he was born into
... is n't everything in this series because of the allegiances the people were born into ?
it must be horrible to read this series and not be able to let go of 21st century western morality .
every pov is either a liar a kidnapper a slaver a murderer a cannibal a rapist or all of these together .
how you manage to root for anybody at all is a mystery to me .
rule 1 of dayz looting is that when you really need an item it will always take several hours to find if indeed you ever find it at all .
you guys wanted to bench maclin at one point ?
i had a game where are guy was obviously wall hacking .
when checking his account between rounds he had 7 previous vac bans on his account .
i did n't understand how he was still able to be playing the game .
something very similar has actually been said to my face when i was a teenager growing up in a small community .
and then when i got my first job and i casually told my boss that i listened to metal at the time he 'd always try to make fun of me for being that satanist '' which not-so-plot-twist i was not .
when he did that in front of some customers though i seriously had to try to keep my cool as hard as i could .
do you like this work and plan to work your way up to frontwaitress ?
the problem is that a resource-based economy typically implies one based on population data gathering and scientific management '' .
it is possibly not very compatible with democracy if you want to keep that because there are now in effect no personal assets hence no personal power .
if you work through it you always end up with some system of allocation '' .
carbon credits issued monthly valid for one month only ?
normally functioning kidneys can process about 800-1000 ml 0.2-0.26 gallons per hour .
you are approaching that limit with a 0.19 gal/hr consumption rate assuming your kidneys are normal .
that 's a little close for my comfort without having any medical data to confirm that i was 'normal ' given how poorly i 've treated my body for decades .
was dat niet das schwarze auge in het duits ?
misschien leuk om te weten dat er een kickstarter https www.kickstarter.com/projects/g3studios/deathfire-ruins-of-nethermore loopt door een team onder leiding van guido henkel om een computerspel te bouwen .
i was apparently up too late and thought i had said lighter coarser '' after re reading i was right the first time .
i 'm going to delete my erroneous response to avoid confusion .
it 's perfectly alright to vent out this sub is about discussing the game and that includes both victory or defeat .
discipline and self-control are both learned through experience and sometimes we have to learn the hard way .
your not limited to only one option of quiting cold-turkey .
maybe set aside a budget for the game and be strict in not spending 1 more and just wait until you build the budget back up .
these games are specifically designed to tempt your wallet and you just have to prepare yourself to say no ! ''
that is you know immediately whether you did a good job or not .
some guys like it for the above reasons because they are burnt-out from something else and want a less-challenging job that still bring home a check .
a lot of of the guys i 've met in the course of doing work in public schools took it because they were n't qualified for much of anything else and get union protection when they fuck off .
go back to 2006 and tell beltran to swing on that 3-2 curve .
he might still miss it but better then looking at it .
after which the landlord said it was the fault of the original house dwellers because they facilitated the shitting in the living room .
as our friend nightwind said it 's really hard to get through because of terrible writing and grammar there 's also plenty of goofs like the one in the image but every episode pays off after the middle point .
or did he just queue them up and alt-tab ?
core clock speed shows up for me in the monitoring pane with all the other plots like fan speed cpu usage etc .
before it would bounce all over the place now it 's just a solid line .
also had to do a reboot for those settings to take effect
at least he was working '' during that 5 years .
try submiting a cv with a 5 years gap ...
15k armour at 5k life makes you able to survive a 6207 phys hit .
lightning coil with 75 lightning res makes you survive a 6451 hit armour from lightning coil ignored .
30k armour with 5k life makes you survive 7108 phys hits .
i know 15 k armour is an investment but getting 1207 life is also a big investment and 15 k armour helps even more against a burst of say 5 rapid hits .
surely you specifically are able to move your head without involving your shoulders .
in my experience 9/10 people have no hip awareness .
i saw the hit while watching the game was staggered it was n't a penalty .
but i my immediate thought was that 's going to cost him a game .
i think its the lesser-known player injury no-call adding up to a bonus game .
the no-call thing isnt his fault yet it seems to justify adding another day sometimes .
good call on the fly speed/not a power gamer train of though .
i was thinking fly speed is way too powerful for a racial trait but like you said she 's in it for the rp not to power game so it 'll likely be fine .
not waterproof but pretty good in small amounts of snow .
it 's passive is not even similar to malice tf ?
and ult has nothing to do with why loki should be build max cdr .
the biggest problem imho is the psi set does n't take an adapter .
so now you need a 5/8 '' smooth to 1x8 adapter instead of an insert .
the insert in the nova g3 should have far less runout .
also small detail but with the g3 kit you 'll get cole jaws which would be helpful if you get into bowl turning vs. the 3 bowl jaws in the psi kit .
the dovetail tenon you 'd need to turn to fit those would jaws would match a bowl larger that is pushing the limits of what would fit on your smith .
who gives a fucking fuck what fucking sports team some fucking company claims gets paid to like ?
let 's just not pretend this is some guy showing his support .
i like to submit exhibit a for the court my toilet bowl after i eat at chipotle .
that 's one of the badass things about tfa the mythos of luke skywalker .
it is so cool to see that the bad guys fear him so much .
it creates an interesting dynamic since the emperor was so arrogant that he did n't fear what jedi remained and was easily convinced to make luke his new apprentice instead of killing him right away .
to see snoke more cautious makes him seem much harder to defeat .
it 's a little ridiculous to say you should probably give up on trying to climb after playing less than 20 games if you 've already given up then perhaps ranked just is n't for you .
silver 3 is n't that bad definitely not awful but you need way more games to accurately judge your rank .
you 'll need 50 games minimum to get a semi-accurate rating and even that is n't really enough .
do n't be discouraged if you drop rank after season 6 placements either plenty of new players end up in the silver 2-5 range after getting kind of lucky in placements then drop to a bronze level after playing more .
if you really want to climb just keep practicing you 're probably going to need several hundred games before you start noticing significant progress and make it to gold or higher .
gratz i made it with 360k and 0.21 seconds left
the best part of this whole thing is knowing that after he took the photo he drained his tub threw away the ramen and then took a shower .
it 's all happening just below the table level once you realise that then it 's a lot less impressive .
well considering how alcohol destroys the body faster than heroin i do n't see that helping '' .
i thought i was the only one ! ! !
confuses the hell out of me when i 'm driving and see someone behind me turn into or out of a side street .
i can never quite figure out which way they turned .
i remember it as a negative boy b was n't sure the boy was square and missed out on 4 awsome chick 's 4ac the party lasted until 2am
i played one game as deathrattle hunter to see what the brawl was about and have been playing mill rogue since .
the one disadvantage of mill rogue is lack of health but with all the armour it seems nearly unbeatable .
depression and tough times often lead to a lot of thinking always seeking an explanation or a way out .
it is also proven that intelligent people are more likely to become depressed .
thank you for the talk and feel free to message me if you ever want to talk again .
one of the replies says the goddess person had previously made contradictory posts .
i have to admit in rewatching ds9 i skip all the mirror episodes .
they feel like such dull plotting and they demand such as you noted unsubtle performances .
the reason episodes focussing on garak tended to do so well for me was because your performances and the scripts they sent you elevated the characterisation above what is expected from genre fiction on tv .
honestly watching garak felt more like watching a really good play than a scifi show .
what worked for me was calorie counting and t25 .
i thought the guy running from the car was from radiohead 's karma police .
dude ... . she offered and before i could even decline my wife said i would do it for free .
i just said it that way to make the comment more interesting .
i 'll register you just hit me up with that trade
everything is expensive i hawaii ill be there for a briefe visit next week i was thinking about trying to catch a game there did you happen to get a look at the cqb area at all ?
the night 's watch is not to father children .
they can have sexual relations and still not father children .
chaste http dictionary.reference.com/browse/chaste ? s=t is basically the same as celibate and even includes celibate '' as part of one of its definitions .
you do n't get a free point of essence with pt you just are able to grab an essence of bioware not geneware though sadly that can not be upgraded it just was installed so early that it 's perfectly integrated with your character for no essence loss .
in short the 6 ess limit for metahumans remains .
liking the concept for the character though will fit in well with the other eastern european ex-pats .
i mean it was n't until recently that the circle jerk started and people began hating him .
he 's using the same jokes and humor as he did ten years ago so it 's gotten old .
it 's more noticeable nowa days that he 's just trying to make money .
that and the film industry is bigger and more popular so it 's only natural that the average movie watcher has become smarter or to have a higher film iq you could say .
i almost think they farmed this image from some place that reads left to right where as we super-west guys read right to left .
it would at least make sense if you take it from that direction .
i have each grenade bound to a separate key f1-f5
nicu in another city sounds even more stressful than just the nicu and that 's saying something .
i hope that this time around works out better !
neither side is going to budge but at the same time they both want to act willing to negotiate so they are n't seen as the bad guy '' that says it 's over .
because the icemen are easily more popular than otters and one of the most attended echl teams typically top 5 in ticket sales .
what part of the title is not true and supported by the story ?
you clearly have a major objection to some part of it .
i 've broken it down for you why do n't you show me what part is n't true .
i think it 's simpler to say that you 'd like some attention and do n't really have much to say but find comfort in getting a response .
feminism is about supporting what 's best for women .
some women want what is n't best for women .
if you switched more than likely you would either do 70 unlimited .
so roughly 130 before anything just plan were as eds1500 is 150 for two lines that are smartphones .
since you have no discount we do n't have to worry about that .
now your other option is the 40 gb family share i would say the 10 but your usage is fairly high .
so the 40gb plan is 120 line access at 15 if on ib lease or no contract or 40 if you entered a contract after 8/22/14 .
so just assuming that both lines do n't have contracts you base plan is 150 no savings there and you would give up truly unlimited data .
i 'm so sorry for what you 're going through .
i also have a chronic disease but mine is more treatable .
but it 's still hard scary and i feel shame when i ca n't work as hard as my so and coworkers .
i 'm also worried about my future ability to support myself .
check out r/digitalnomad it might offer some good tips on jobs that will better accommodate you .
you might also want to look into insurance in case you become too sick to work .
good luck i hope you stay as healthy as possible .
i feel a odd mix of belief and skepticism ... this is strange .
it seems to me like the people behind this do n't realise there is so much more to flying than just picking two destinations and taking off .
if it were that easy everything else would have been automated years ago .
what 's to stop the user launching their drone in the middle of a thunderstorm .
who/what talks to atc and deals with notams and airspace restrictions ?
normally all these things are sorted by systems especially designed for it .
i simply ca n't imagine drones flying around with tcas and weather radar without requiring at least some human input but i also ca n't imagine them flying without .
to be fair as good as the 2014 team was they should n't have had much of a chance against seattle and actually played a pretty damn good game .
seattle kind of imploded on themselves a bit but they said the same things about that game and actually did it for 55 minutes .
that being said this is n't the same team but they 've played very inconsistently on offense and even defense year long there 's no reason they could n't have 2 good performances on a single day despite the problems that everyone is aware of that wo n't be going away .
execution has still been a big part of it .
i agree with all that but this is not an emotional panic reaction this is an inherent problem in the system that began with the sale ban on 5 shareholders which was about to be lifted and inflated numbers on top of a million other global happenings .
bringing up their name on the in-match scoreboard and selecting it will bring up a menu where reporting is an option .
you can also do it from the lobby after the match .
should they or you happen to leave the lobby/match you can find them under the game 's recent players '' menu if their status is n't set to offline .
sounds a bit like the game does n't recognize his gpu correctly .
one person to change it two people to hold the old ladder one person to get the ladder one person to check the switchboard and two people to laugh at all of them struggling to do it .
i 'm sayin ' that daum almsot fully bought pearl abyss out and basically owns it which makes daum the developer too .
and russian publisher confirmed several times that all their requests are ignored 90 of the time they simply send them ready patches with their own changes nothing close to publisher 's requests .
i know this is blasphemy but i have n't given the it crowd a good shot yet mainly because the last thing i want to do it watch a comedy based on the idiots i spend 8 hours of my life around ... .same as the uk office ... .
you are an example of everything that is wrong with the gaming world .
there are n't any to begin with 3xcept fir maybe steel .
i like kyrie more than wall but this is actually fair .
before lebron came back to cleveland kyrie never led the team to more than 33 wins .
john wall has given the wizards moderate post season success as their best player .
do i have to do the backstory before i introduce the character or can i rp for a bit and make the backstory later ?
gerold 's thoughts turned to alyssa wherever in all seven hells she was .
hopefully in her room he had commanded the servants to make sure she was fed he 'd bloody whip them if he found out they had n't done so .
she was n't exactly feeling well '' the dance sped up by a little although it was still casual enough that he did not have to think .
his feet seemingly moved without him thinking something beat into him by tywald and his tutor .
he had never gotten back then why dancing should be important for a lord but it turned it useful in its own rare situations .
she has never done well in crowds the poor girl even gets nervous holding court in the rock when i am unable to do so . ''
he remembered he had asked her to do that once she had nearly broken down .
she was better now of course but her being raised so soft by lord crakehall had left a permanent mark on her .
hi everyone thanks for being a part of r\/randomactsofblowjob .
please do n't feed the trolls send pictures or personal details to people who have n't proved they are who they say they are .
more from raleigh r/randomactsofblowjob/search ? q=title 3araleigh+subreddit 3a 28randomactsofblowjob+or+randomactsofmuffdive 29 restrict_sr sort=new t=all
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
does this also include the unaffordable hospital bills involved in having that baby including all 6,000 of the pre-birth checkups and actual birth since the fact that it costs a crapload of money just to be pregnant especially without insurance would be another reason for a woman not to have a baby ?
how would you even measure what using the votes correctly even is ?
that same system has to work in askscience and adviceanimals and has to do so automatically without humans .
ah i see you think that its 1920 's chicago and everyone is shooting everyone everywhere ?
you need your 2 to be at least rank 2 to guarantee the double-tap .
you need to learn how to be the hammer .
you 're not always going to have the benefit of a 2 stun to land it .
you need to learn how to predict flight paths for it as well as how to move your own body so that the hammer will follow your enemies .
you also need to learn to become quick on the teleportation trigger .
if you can teleport and immediately port in for berserker 's barrage you 're going to do a hell of a lot of damage .
you need to learn the timing for the end of the spin so you can immediately start hammer tapping fools .
it 's difficult because there 's a delay between firing and landing but you need to know it .
every time pro teams have lost with thor it 's been because of lackluster ult game .
manga status finished chapters 146 genres comedy josei romance slice of life
but he was mainly signed to be their future coach i know he 's always around their youth training facilities and stuff .
a cellshading is when there are only few colours that create the shades and lightning .
i noticed the second time that one of the characters i think oswaldo mobray refers to the storm as that white hell '' or the white hell out there '' or something so that chapter title was definitely a callback .
i was pretty happy with a habanero dipa that i made .
i soaked fresh habanero in scotch for a few weeks whilst fermenting .
this was good because i got to test the amount to add before adding to the whole batch !
i had an opponent mc tech a deathrattle and it lost it 's buff .
i do n't see how you could n't make a good deck with all of those cards available to you .
three months is a long time if you are rerolling quests and dusting golds .
my guess is the downvotes are because they are mad that sub does n't exist .
it feels to me that i want a gf for the sake of having a gf not because i want to do stuff with her or feel something for her just as a statussymbol so to speak .
i do n't want to give in to that it feels just wrong .
the girl does n't deserve this and i dont't deserve this shit either .
torquay have always sold players for a fraction of their value
we do have him back on loan till the end of the year which is good .
has anyone tried to argue that because the v2 program was so ineffective at actually killing people that it 's even further proof of braun as a peace loving scienceman ?
about the same as you commenting on it i suppose .
the fuck is the problem with posting something i 'm thinking ?
honestly the extended time between this season and last has made me crave this show so fucking much my god put me in a carbonite bath and thaw me out in march .
that was a nice touch looks like the costume designer did his research .
sounds like a quiet place where you wo n't be bothered much by other people .
well points 2 and 3 are both just problems that arise from the acceptance of problem number 1
this is a matter of the metaphysical claims you are making and their consequences if true .
what are the consequences for taking such an entity to exist ?
i assumed you meant the christian god based on your saying you are christian .
does your theory change if we are talking about shiva ?
would you still be a christian if shiva was the true '' extradimensional entity ?
what does it mean for god to exist in this way should a god exist ?
is the god the dimension itself or an entity inside it ?
there is n't one specific source there is a substantial literature on this .
take a look over the wikipedia article on neuroscience maybe ?
cognitive is a bit too specific maybe the total overview is probably better .
i 'm glad i listened to serial without much knowledge of the wider phenomenon it became .
now it 's almost anything requiring fermentation like bread making beer making moonshine .
my chemical romance got a lot of shit due to their image but yeah their song structure was typically totally solid .
good song formulas good breakdowns good bridges great solos catchy fun choruses .
yeah just look at what happened to his slave .
you now hold knowledge the rest of the fanbase cannont know for their own good we must dwell in the darkness so they can live in the light .
our society must protect this spoiler from their eyes .
i heard a tiny 'woosh ' i just thought did a melee attack or something .
it is literally the same noise/volume as a fresh air melee .
i guess it 's to make defusing easier which is stupid defending should be hardest once the bomb is planted .
so they were hallucination the same exact refraction in the same position the camera is all from different angles and for minutes ?
or was it just the camera and they are all acting ?
plant hallow seeds into the jungle and around your house beat a mechanical boss get the clentaminator cleanse all crimson/hollow you do n't want .
or dig 3 block wide tunnels around the places you want to contain .
i think if you are a fan of their music then you will have an absolutely blissful evening .
it 's honestly a once in a lifetime chance and it 's going to be life changing !
everyone keeps talking about how watson is a matchup problem for us but are they going to be able to run on us ?
can they throw the ball effectively when we only have to rush 4 to get a great pass rush ?
are they going to try and stop coker or our pass game ?
clemson also runs mainly a 4-2-5 henry should be able to feast when he hits the 2nd level of the defense .
maybe i 'm gumping too much right now but i have no doubt we 're winning this game .
outside of alabama beating alabama turnovers like vs ole miss and watson playing the game of his life i think bama has this game .
were you on any benzos or anything that works on gabba .
baclofen negated my new years roll by a lot .
first comic oh i thought this guy only did porn comics .
this exact post was here like 29 days ago https i.imgur.com/dmihwwy.jpg
ya i get that doctors have serious loans and long training but it 's still one of the best overall gigs around .
that 's why so many people want to do it there 's massive numbers of qualified people who 'd love to go to med school and are n't allowed .
bottom line i do n't feel bad for someone making tons of money while doing satisfying work .
perhaps she just felt rey 's mutual grief while everyone else around them sans finn were celebrating their victory against the fo ?
do n't forget that kylo ren senses that rey views han as the father she never had .
perhaps leia locked onto that depth of feeling and acute loss as soon as she saw her .
you 'd need a waffenschein '' which is only handed out to specially trained people who need them for work like bosses of security agencys .
they give them to your boss who 's then permitting you to carry a weapon while taking the responsibility himself .
the best you can get as a average german citizen is the waffenbesitzkarte '' which allows you to own and fire in the range a weapon up to a specified caliber .
but only if you have means of properly storing it i.e .
a safe or in case of my family the reinforced storage in the shooting club .
if i recall correctly you need to specify a reason for owning a weapon like being a hunter for example too .
trivia you need some other permit to be allowed to buy ammunition and own .
not only judicial rulings but literal generals people who devoted their life and career to the safety of israel know that this wall be more motivation for attacks against israeli citizens who steal palestinian land .
if you want to learn about your car and modify it yourself nothing is better than hands on .
get some tools and take parts of it off and put them back on .
being in there figuring out how everything is connected and works together with the help of google and youtube etc you can gain a lot of knowledge about your car and when time comes to install mods you 'll already have the know how .
i know the fa/fb series of motors can be tuned which is what you have so you can get slightly more power more desireable power curves with a good map to make it more fun .
some suspension mods could help too possibly solid end links and anti roll bar for the back good tires also make a world of difference !
you should react the exact same to these 2 events even though my statement says they are completely different and have nothing in common ''
i turned the game off twice when that shit happened because i thought it had really broke then the 3rd time i let it sit for a minute and realized i was an idiot .
she 'll be so happy that she will propose to you .
my first thought was support that baby 's neck ! ! ! ''
but i also have zero experience with babies so ...
sometimes it 's better to shoot he from a bb at an angled one because ap would only bounce/overpen the superstructure while he would deal more damage and cause fires
no but she did remind me im actually a fat kid at heart so i ordered myself some pizza lol
i am also on the side of family does n't need to know .
when i got fixed i told very few people .
i 'd say he has like half an inch more than i am built to accommodate .
when he thrusts really hard it sort of hits like ... the end of the road and the feeling borders between uncomfortable my other organs are being jostled and really interesting/nice depending on how much force was used .
not even after they went all in for jordan and lost ?
and then had to sign an old d will and a bunch of lowly regarded vets ?
i should maybe mention i live in southern california and i have a bachelor 's degree in english if that matters at all .
the general consensus seems to be that i should just be honest and tell her i do n't want to refer her for a position .
i will try that and report back with an update once it 's done .
with the help of netflix and the mam filmmakers let 's frame him for murder !
sorry can you provide a reliable source for this ?
this is literally the only article reporting on this that i could find .
i could be wrong of course that 's why i 'm asking .
edit downvoting for asking for independent confirmation that 's how you know pol is here .
it 's not meant to be an excuse just an explanation .
even if you would be able to get your stuff back you still do n't get shit .
news flash lurers do n't actually give you the money they use this mastermind scam wait on the 2nd trade screen and do n't press accept !
it would be fun yes but just waste of time in generally
i grind daily with a skerton and i recently bought my girlfriend the mini-mill .
overall i would say that the mini mill has a slight advantage in the coarser end of the spectrum but only marginally .
with that being said my chemex settings are generally medium to medium-coarse and are generally pretty consistent for a chemex brew .
honestly your chemex technique will be the limiting factor for a while and you wo n't really feel that the skerton is holding you back .
i 've made some pretty great coffee with the skerton and i do not hesitate to recommend it to others .
the mini mill is great too and would easily fit the bill although larger brews may require re-filling the hopper .
an exhaustive guide to the web design trends of 2015 '' ftfy
add toes to the mix and you can entertain elementary school children for days .
i once was on a class trip to la and while we were on the trip we got to visit hollywood blvd and all of the gift shops right around the kodak theater .
being in 7th grade i decided that the giant grenade necklace similar to this one here https s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/08/b6/7c/08b67ca5714fcbc213342a57696cc9fc.jpg would be the perfect souvenir to help remember the trip by .
not long after i purchased it the pendant broke off from the chain and i could not find it despite tearing through all of my things .
sure enough 5 days later as i am checking my backpack through the x-ray scanner at lax the tsa security scanned my backpack and immediately pulled my 7th grade self aside and said sir our scan indicates that you have a grenade in your backpack and we will need to take this bag in order to do further scans right now but in the meantime you need to tell us exactly what is in that bag right now . ''
it was at this point in my life that i first ever remember being truly angry with myself because i realized that my stupidity which came from buying that necklace in the first place had led me to being held and questioned by airport security who took it as a real threat .
after i repeatedly explained to them what it was and the explosives sensors picked up nothing they searched through my bag and ultimately found the pendant in some random pocket that it had fallen into .
i was ultimately able to rejoin my class who had been standing just passed the end of security on the other side for probably 20-30 minutes but not before i was given a strong talking to by the agent tasked with searching through all of my stuff .
single handedly one of the scariest and most embarrassing moments of my childhood .
tl dr i once bought a grenade shaped necklace and lost it but the tsa at lax found it while i was going through security and held me for a while until they could clear me of any possible threat .
she can convince a horse to skull fuck you lol
if you want a samsung i 'd recommend the normal s5
if you 're fishing to find out if in military i can assure you i 'm not
arkansas finished 1st offensively in s p thanks to ba and collins .
i have n't watched that before and the winky face has me worried lol
no the normal force is always perpendicular to the surface .
it is true that there will be a horizontal and vertical component to the normal force however if its vector is pointing directly at the object 's center of mass there will be no net torque .
if however the vector does not point at the center of mass an instance where a sphere would have a center at mass not at its geometric center it will rotate .
i do n't seem to have any scratches on my priv keyboard .
you ca n't blame it on just the one game though !
he could have been trying to become a high class taxidermist !
i just finished season 7 the other day and i could n't agree more .
if it were n't for some of the suits and brick phones in the first season or so you 'd hardly be able to tell it 's 20 years old .
the special effects are also surprisingly good at times and the show really makes a great use of its budget .
they would still have the torch till someone took it .
congratulations for 90 days and thanks for a great advice !
hey man i need pokerus can you tell me when your available and i 'll deposit a pokemon in gts .
there are also measure requiring mental health records be provided for the background check system .
that 's not due process that 's punishing innocent people for being accused of bad '' immoral things without any evidence/conviction .
2. who 's mentally healthy '' is subjective opinion .
based on 1 your assumptions of who is guilty of things and 2 moral philosophy what 's viewed as morally bad is called mentally unhealthy '' or mental illness '' .
i go there regularly and i can confirm it 's awesome .
love how they have a million flavors of cream cheese spread .
because there 's no way in hell you were making 9/hour paying all your bills including rent utilities and food while also paying tuition .
i do n't care if you lived in the middle of montana and were going to community college .
there 's a lot of facts you 're leaving out .
either you had other sources of income you had someone or something else helping with those expenses or did n't have those expenses .
ok but we have much more other monsters maybe some boss monsters that are different then asgore or toriel .
weaker yes but still able to kill humans young sick ect .
or monsters controlled by humans via asriel and chara .
i want to see a version of that scene without the score .
mr. banzingas should just buy it out and have two locations .
pasternak was playing in the nhl at 18 was this because he was from europe ?
another dumb question i am playing with another user locally on split-screen .
they have an account they have played on however their level does not load along with their cars and unlocks .
i was thinking we could load his cloud save however i do n't want it to erase mine .
does each profile on the ps4 have it 's own saved data or is it universal across the system ?
i still have n't done a raid because i only started playing again after taken king came out .
and nobody wants to play with people whove never done a raid before ... so im ll 294 with my warlock and going nowhere fast .
ca n't remember the last time something above 300 dropped .
and that 's why each and every one of the tyrants deserves nothing but contempt and disdain .
anyone who would willingly join their ranks is a piece of trash that should dropped in the middle of the desert with only salt water to drink .
as a former linguistics student i doubt this is correct .
semantic satiation actually refers to a word becoming meaningless '' through repetitive reading hearing etc .
op referred to spelling but im sure there is a name for that as well .
building your stuff for various platforms is pretty difficult .
and it gets worse the more libraries you depend on .
other more modern languages like java for instance you can simply specify the artifact you want it 'll automatically pull it in and you can depend on it immediately and run a single task to build it for every desktop platform and similar for mobile platforms .
you 'd think by now c being as popular as it is they would 've created a sort of library package management and good build system..
gradle can supposedly do it recently but it 's support is n't that exceptional for that .
also there are a lot of mechanisms that really show its age .
clang was trying to fix that with modules somewhat but who knows how long that 'll take and where it will go .
and yeah the std lib completely pales in comparison to many other languages out there .
yes yes you could do the age old argument but it 's just a library like any other '' except it really is n't .
and it really shows given literally every library creates their own string class to overcome its issues .
other languages also have really elaborate threading network http xml handling built right in .
and with c if you do n't like it.. again you go back to dependency hell .
so it is n't as simple as use a library '' .
i guess it is the kind of crowd it attracts that results in a lot of stagnation in build systems .
that said to op do n't concern yourself with what other people think so much .
worst case if you 're sick of the complexity or run into so many issues you 'll come out of it knowing way more than someone who has never used c .
just if you do fail '' do n't let it deter you from game dev..
i think i have overdone the topping because i enjoyed modifying the plants shape to much .
but i remember reading hear that growing many smells buds results in bigger yield than growing one big bud .
also i did n't want to waste any space and height is the limiting factor in my bucket .
kas mingeid kohtujuhtumeid on olnud kus eestis või välismaal on juristid arutlenud selle üle kes täpsemalt on isik ?
see on reaalne huvi sest see on hea küsimus .
the time you have to wait before the probes you the big money or the big miranium
please detail how these people are being exploited before using it in an argument .
i would argue that collecting some numbers for metrics is not exploitation but that 's just me .
phy ssg goku is one of the best phy for global right now .
i 'm guessing you often get hay fever also ?
small yellow thc crystals on the bud could be affecting your nose and giving you that reaction .
it 's nothing to worry about just make sure not to take a big whiff of unsmoked bud .
4 if you think neither of these situations are censorship and your main stance on gg 's censorship '' cries is you have a right to be upset by this but stop calling it censorship '' then can we please at least agree that the issue here is of different understandings of what censorship '' actually is
i 've mainly been against the use of the term censorship '' because it 's so dramatic at its core meaning but applied so widely and vaguely that there 's no rhyme or reason to it but you still retain the dramatic threatening meaning .
i do n't think this is censorship by any meaningful definition of the word just as doax was n't either .
i 've always been mostly concerned with the content i.e .
what 's actually done why and what effects it has .
labeling steven universe as well as doax as censorship can be logically consistent sure as far as labeling goes .
looking at the issues themselves i 'm not convinced they 're all that similar or that i have to be against both if i 'm against one .
just because i support an ad where a company shows a positive portrayal of gay people does n't mean i have to hold back expressions of criticism and censorship by gg definitions of a company 's ad that portrays gays negatively .
both are free speech issues and both could be labeled censorship if the ads are pulled because of protests but it really hides the deeper issues .
and not of some mythical overwhelming gg desire to see as many anime tits in an hour as humanly possible ?
your exaggerated joke aside anime boobs are often defended with some shamed male sexuality argument .
it seems like it partly is an argument from desire .
not that there 's anything fundamentally wrong with that i 'm just saying .
it 's not sexual desire that 's criticized anyway when we criticize these things .
hello u/katecruel your submission appears to be extremely short less than 200 characters so please make sure that it 's within the subreddit rules r/drugs/wiki/rules check out our wiki pages on common drugs r/drugs/wiki/drugs and the drug knowledge base r/drugs/wiki/knowledgebase or use the search option to the right .
after you 've done a little research feel free to write a few more sentences and resubmit r/drugs/submit ? selftext=true your post .
you can also re-post this and write this can not be easily googled in the text not title !
of the post to exempt yourself from this rule .
users breaking the rules and using this bypass will be banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/drugs if you have any questions or concerns .
your account does n't have enough karma to qualify for giveaways .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/electronic_cigarette if you have any questions or concerns .
obama appeared to be a refreshing social democrat when compared to bush and ultimately is probably preferable to the alternatives and since most europeans like americans see elections and government as the apex of politics and are generally not as left-wing as americans seem to think it makes sense that they would like '' obama .
some europeans do n't like him any more than any other us president though he is fundamentally just another center-right politician masquerading as a centre-left politician which would n't be much better .
all that being said i do n't know why you think the majority '' like him .
i 'm sure you 've done plenty of research on the governance of the us but you should probably do research on more widespread ideas in politics .
politics is n't just voting and what the people who are voted in do '' .
you might already know this but politics '' extends into everything more or less .
do n't think that politics has nothing to do with economics and do n't think that economics stops at markets '' .
it 's important to understand your own ideological basis why do you believe the things you believe ?
and why things are n't always as simple as they seem on the surface especially when you make assumptions automatically about the nature of the world because of that ideological basis .
i bring this up because many people myself included would object to your claim that some people just want to start trouble '' when they do n't listen '' to a cop .
why do you assume that police officers are there to help and not to say ensure you stay scared intimidated ?
perhaps more importantly why do feel compelled to explain away police killings just because the victims should have known to do what they 're told ?
have you thought that maybe a lot of these people are so afraid of cops that they think their better option would be to not do what they 're told ?
holding myself responisble doesnt change the way my brain is wired and my subconcious .
i just said this is what happens when i float through life with no goal .
the only time im not self destructing is when im training for fights because that gives me a clear goal and there will be worse repercussions like brain damage or death if i dont prepare properly .
like most people who get into boxing i am a serious fuck up and headcase .
trust me ive tried for years to be better and a nicer person .
but its all an act and the real me comes out .
the fact is you cant better yourself in anyway .
see when im training for fights i dont become a better person .
i just take myself out of the poisitions and places that id normally be in .
im not this model citizen/saint that everyone says i should be .
and i know anyone pretending to be is a liar .
one example is when the characters are in the book world the main character confuses their friends and enemies by talking back and forth and fforde does n't put ..says character '' after each line of dialogue
then after a few sentences the characters forget who it is that 's actually talking saying something like wait which one am i in this ? ''
because there has been so much unattributed dialogue and the reader you then realises oh yeah i do n't know who actually know who you are now either '' so everyone just kinda walks away
move on no reason to think so hard on it .
some people resonate with your humour some do n't .
its cause they thought it was smart to put the camera at your chest not your actual head
zwanzig milliarden sind an die banken gegangen der größte andere teil des budget ging an die hartzer .
you might also want to just try outside depending on how cold it is .
i 've found the mp7 to be able to handle 35-40 freedom degrees without much trouble .
obviously it 's a little less efficient but i can usually get a whole magazine of bbs from one fill of green gas .
dj khaled did use to produce alchemist tweeted khaled would go to miami hotel to hotel with his mpc full of heat
there are nine of us in the 60-member house and four in the 30-member senate .
when my wife and i left wyoming in 1993 to work in d.c. we used to joke that the wyoming democrat lapsed on to the endangered species list .
we came back though ... as a breeding pair .
they wo n't stay the same the eu always introduces a new major treaty average every 9-10 years .
the next one is designed to split the eu into
ie there will be 2-tiers in the eu parliament ez inner core and outer non-ez ring .
the problem is the date/timing of the referendum 2017 .
it 's designed to get the british out of the way to prevent a veto of the next major treaty by us .
there 's no reason why we should hold a referendum out of sync with what the eu is doing .
in the eu the eu is the main show .
this is demonstrated by logic of available options in the eu for reform vs available options outside the eu for uk reform .
have you noticed the entire commentary eu reform not uk reform ?
finally brexit into the globalization process is neither stationary either it 's dynamic and flexible and changing no status quo on that side either .
great news to hear this kitty is doing better and eating .
ah you mean the guy running behind him with a chase cam on a gyro stabilized gimbal stick ?
i have a great butthole i do n't have to clean out and it never really hurts and my guy is thick !
shit like this is why there should be age restrictions on reddit .
so they basically just robbed anyones money that was tied up in the market .
with two free games and lots of other stuff on oculus share .
the odds are the devs of the games paid oculus not the other way round ... .
claiming that your product is the one specifically chosen to be included in the latest tech is insanely good promotion for future products or dlc or microtransactions
while my husband is pretty set on this being our last i 'm not so definitely not an option .
however my sil did get her tubes tied during her repeat c-section and she said it was totally fine .
a little more tender than her first one but nothing huge to complain about .
im 20 with a full time job and my parents take everything from me but 150€ montly ¯ ツ ¯ dont worry they dont actually use it they just store it so i cant spend it all on booze while living under their roof
a list of recognized/valid team names can be found at http cfb.diydunce.org/teamlist.php .
a full list of recognized team names can be found at http cfb.diydunce.org/teamlist.php .
any issues with this bot please dm dupreesdiamond https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=dupreesdiamond
you need to have more interaction https www.reddit.com/wiki/commenting wiki_commenting with the r/globaloffensive community before posting video or stream links .
unfortunately this has become necessary to combat video spam people who only use the subreddit to blatantly advertise their content .
members of organizations and other high-profile individuals can be excluded from this restriction in some cases per request .
please do not contact the moderators asking about the participation level required for submitting content we do not typically reveal it but it is quite low and any reasonably active commenter should reach it easily .
you can find our rules regarding advertising and self-promotion here https www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensive/wiki/rules wiki_9.29_advertising_and_self-promotion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensive if you have any questions or concerns .
we know that you cant reconnect is because of the game creating the replay or something like this .
so you have to rebuild the game if you reconnect longer the game time longer to rebuild my thought about this was to have the server make real time savepoint and building the replay then send the replay to each player after game end so anyone could just come back immediately just building most needed data
take a look at the resources provided in the sidebar including the buildapc beginners guide and search the subreddit for similar builds to what you 're looking for and use that as jumping off point .
once you do that submit a new post giving as many details as you can and what kind of build you 're looking to put together so far .
i gave nick 'eddies peace ' after giving it an advanced receiver and taking the scope off and it suits him perfectly .
i guess it would just be to sort them from a-z first so the similar ones would appear in a consecutive repeat .
i dont know if its even possible but i would like the cells containing the same name to only appear as one name with the amount next to it .
for instance in the example you just posted lte-212-900 would only appear one time in the a colum and the count would be 3 .
brutal legend was alright but it was the development and the management issues that get brought up .
which goes to the whole arguments of df being spotty on how they handle the administrative end .
as for space base you are missing the point .
the point is n't that it 's early access and the risks it 's how df presented those risks to the consumer .
it was leveled as df putting it 's backing to the game and downplaying the fact that they were only funding the game through early access .
like i bought into it for the reason that it was presented as a game df committed to putting out .
and let 's be honest df putting a project up means more than an upstart small garage project and when they handled it like one people got pissed .
it tarnished their reputation with how they handled it .
and it should because that was entirely fucked up .
protein tastes great but customer service/shipping time i 'm in canada is pretty shitty .
also there was a glitch on the site college bundle ended up giving 4lbs of protein 26 cookies 2lbs of creatine 11lbs of instant oats for 80cad and instead of straight up saying they would n't honor it they said shipped without tracking information '' and will refund instead of replacing '' the order a month after ordering and not receiving ...
if the order arrives fine you should be good but if there 's a problem gl .
there are python bots that can be tooled to do exactly this .
one tutorial here https www.google.com/url ? sa=t source=web rct=j url=http pythonforengineers.com/build-a-reddit-bot-part-1 ved=0ahukewizgo-lxzfkahvcnsykhakedweqfgghmai usg=afqjcnfyaltftoldpizr-awgfhqea6o_dw sig2=_9x3nkqrhbab81fcrdfkug also look up praw on the google 's .
series do a decent effort to show a realtime modern combat with combined arms .
apart from putting a shiny badge on your profile ?
reminds me of the days that one of the kids had a retro virus .
liquid shit that burned their bums and smelled like the devil .
they would rip their diaper off as soon as they pooped .
i finally taped it on so they could n't take it off on their own .
cleaning up shit off the carpet at two in the morning makes you question your life choices .
so where in all that magic is the aids epidemic or ebola ?
or the child soldiers who are given drugs to make them into glassy eyed killing machines ?
or what about all the extremist muslim groups like boka haram ?
how about the pirates that are still a thing or oh !
poachers who are ravaging the only thing that continent has going for it so they can sell ground up rhino horn for boner medicine !
then of course you got your slavery and famine which is a hoot .
if you 're really into magic you could track down your very own bokor who are literally practicing magic !
perhaps they 'll grant you good luck with the severed penis of an albino child that they butchered for some rich assholes to cast primeval spell .
can i get my genitals mutilated when i 'm there ?
maybe someone can use a hot roller to iron down my boobs so i do n't get raped at such a young age .
wait if i am gay should i still plan on visiting ?
i hear they murder homosexuals there you know because it 's against the law and everyone is cool with it .
so if you where to write a basic tutorial on purely the multitasking there would be gold in it for you .
just to make sure i 'm understanding this correctly .
say process 1 hangs or gets caught in a loop process 2 continues and does not wait for the former to yield .
claims that unet will be able to handle big scale mmorpg .
however unet is still being implemented so i do n't know if it 's exactly true in it 's current state but it should be from what i understand based on what u .
2 the way i would do it is have a single project and use preprocessor directives to make sure that the parts of code unique to server side ends up in server build only .
also quick search shows that you apparently can now do that from code as well maybe http docs.unity3d.com/scriptreference/playersettings.setscriptingdefinesymbolsforgroup.html
3 at this stage of unet development my understanding is that your only option is to run an instance of unity built as your authoritative server that has the server side logic preprocessor or separate projects for client and server sides .
you can run it with batchmode http docs.unity3d.com/manual/commandlinearguments.html option for headless instance for better performance .
note that running an instance of unity even headless as your server is not the best choice performance wise .
you should do some testing to see if it can handle the amount of computation you expect from it .
edit for more performance you should n't use unity engine on server side at all .
instead you should replicate the relevant logic using lower level apis like physx for physics etc .
even better implement everything your self from scratch to make sure that server is running only the logic actually required for gameplay .
because your account is new under 15 days old your submission has been removed .
this action is not directed at you personally but is a necessary measure to prevent abuse by individuals who make new accounts to post photographs of animal cruelty or to farm karma .
message the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcats and let us know .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cats if you have any questions or concerns .
know the characters strenghs and weaknesses i recommend http www.gamefaqs.com/n64/197860-mario-kart-64/faqs/27391
make sure you use all the allowed shortcuts koopa troopa beach yoshi 's valley etc .
for example drop your banana items only on bridges or narrow corridors or surprise your enemies by back-firing a green shell look on the others screen beforehand to know when you hit them .
also keep in mind that being first place in 1st or 2nd round does not always ensure a victory .
fight until the last second many matches are decided in the second half of last round .
they provide excellend safety as a shield and can be very effective when used correctly hitting an enemy in front of a curve in order to shoot him off the road backfireing .
if you drew the lighting as an item use them when enemies approach a jump wario stadium/dk jungle when someone other than you gets it watch out when they might use it i used to lower my speed when i thought it was about to hit me when i approached a bigger jump .
know the location of item boxes so you dont run into the fake ones also look out for bananas !
tip sometimes when running over a banana your character keeps on driving but starts to struggle get off the gas now !
if you pay attention to this you should be fine .
sure ... that is why many palestinians have syrian villages in their last names and the population in 1890s was barely 300 000 people ...
your sources of information are really weird ... or maybe is not the sources but your interpretation .
mace windu would have not broken the code just like yoda for example .
20 years to get to anh add 4 to get to rotj add 30 to get to tfa .
finn is a young adult not a 55 year old dude ...
we had a downvote troll recently i got rid of him by helping the admins .
in general do n't mind one downvote this is the internet so you 'll always have trolls .
as much as i love skyrim i do n't think i could ever go back to it now after having played the witcher because it offers everything skyrim does and ten times more .
i 'm thinking of picking tw3 up how 's the stealth and archery/assassination gameplay ?
i still think that most people would be opposed to lots of the population owning a gun though .
does the shotgun/rifle legality apply in cities or just in rural areas ?
i remember not watching any previews because i wanted to be surprised all i knew it was a space movie directed by christopher nolan .
it was intense and mind blowing and super emotional .
i always wished i could un-see interstellar just to see it again for the first time
why should you listen to my opinion on anything ?
why should i listen to your opinion on anything ?
the only way to torrent safely is to use a vpn .
tbh i do n't really are for sia 's voice at all .
i like her on some songs like wolves but on chandelier especially the hooks just find her voice to be grating .
on the other hand i love rihanna 's voice and she 's probably my favorite pop star of all time
it 's coming from california and i 'm assuming you do n't live in the us .
i just shipped a bunch of packages to virginia from california the cost per package varied from 30 to 70 .
the lightest one was close to the weight that i assume the rift will be and the price is about the same .
companies like amazon can offer low prices for shipping because they have long term relationships with shipping companies .
if you doubt it go on ups ' website and get a quote on a similar sized package .
let 's say it costs them 350 to make it would it make sense to raise the price and potentially lose customers for a short term profit ?
they stand to make way more money on software games and movies so why risk losing potential customers ?
microsoft never made a profit on the original xbox .
in fact they lost a ton of money on them but they made it back on the games .
the xbox 360 made a profit towards the end of its life but it was originally sold at a loss .
i get people are upset about the price but there nothing malicious going on here .
op asked about something that 's been asked hundreds of times before i gave him the answer that everyone knows .
then you go off on a tangent for no reason .
eh maybe in 12-24 months not worth the money yet
setting up your own private wormhole to bear in is quite good
how do you bear solo without constantly being harassed by passing gangs trying to kill you ?
do you actually constantly roll all entrences and have an eye out for every hole that opens up in your system ?
it will open at whatever price its going for in after hours/premarket .
for instance aapl closed at 4pm at around 100.50 and is trading at 97.50 right now .
if the market were opening right now it would open at 97.50 ... but with the sudden influx of volume at the open it can swing it wildly within the first 45 seconds or few minutes of the open .
lets say everyone looks at the premarket price of 97 and thinks wow bargain '' and then decide to put in buy orders for the open .
the stock can jump from 97.50 to 98 or 98.50 almost instantly and same goes vice-versa if people want to dump shares when it opens .
so you shouldnt always put too much stock in after hours prices unless some major news has broken earning reports manufactorer news ceo change etc .
but for normal trading it wont make or break for the most part .
but in summary yes it opens at the premarket price .
yeah if she 's honest many would benefit from it i suppose .
i would probably turn her down ironically but then again she probably would n't approach me with that offer either .
last time they did this they decided to lob shells back and forth .
i hope all the rok and us soldiers stay safe and ready .
hi guys one thing i 've had in mind for quite a while is a four-way collab tackling the criminal mastermind challenge on gta online 's heists .
ideally looking for people gmt a couple of hours for easier scheduling and over 20s purely because nobody likes squeakers .
i 'm not going to ask for only people with multiple thousands of subs to respond because i 'm not shitty .
i 'm all for helping channels smaller than my own as well but if there 's someone who could bring in a nice chunk of audience for the whole group that would be fantastic all round .
i 'm currently creeping up on 200 subs myself and really trying to create a few series that people are going to enjoy this year and a four-person group tackling heists succeeding or cocking things up could be a good draw for everyone .
my channel is here if you want a nosey https www.youtube.com/user/robcoxxy
i 'm on pc and based in the uk .
ideally i 'm looking for a group that gets along well has a good rapport and ideally wants that sweet multi-million payout in the criminal mastermind challenge .
my usual gta group plays a tonne of deathmatches races and things as well so there 's room for even more content if you join in those sessions as well .
who knows this could be the start of a few collab series between us or just some new gaming buddies !
i work in a budget motel and we 've been having a lot of trouble with long term guests lately .
first we started enforcing a 28 day cap after staying with us for 28 days they must check out and be off property for at least 24 hours before they can check back in .
that helped a bit but many of the long term people are just generally annoying to have here .
plus management also was having to frequently chase them down for payment of the room .
rent would be due by noon and they 'd wander in at 4 with the money .
but then the agm had an idea for a new policy .
you have to check out for 24 hours before you can check back in .
no more oh well my sister is bringing me money at 2 ... . '' every damn day .
either it keeps them paying on time or they leave and usually do n't come back .
solo queuing at hotness bronze in ranked and got teamed with a cp celeste who built a blazing salvo ?
probably on its way to becoming an alternating current but unacceptable still !
needless to say ms. blazing salvo got zero kills and a plethora of deaths .
although i 'm getting really good with cp skye .
ign is the same as my username if you guys wan na party up in ranked .
i get that royal mail are busy over the christmas period but that does n't mean they can make mistakes and expect get away with it .
i ordered a christmas present for a friend in late november from amazon being delivered via royal mail .
i get a date of december 16th for delivery .
i contact the supplier on the 23rd and do n't get a response until after christmas .
through their tracking information they tell me the package was attempted for deliver taken back to depot and because nobody came to pick it up it was sent back to them .
i never received a card telling me this had been taken back to the depot or i would have gone and got it there were many others which i went to collect .
the supplier has told me they 'd resend out the order i 'd just have to pay for postage and packaging which is really decent of them .
but when i complained to the royal mail they could only offer me an 'apology ' .
they messed up and it 's taken money out of my pocket to rectify it .
not only that i feel really bad for my friend who 's had to go without a christmas present throughout the entire thing .
what should be price of this as i did n't saw much st vulcan with 4 crowns up for trade
i am so mentally exhausted from school and work and people .
i just want time to completely and 100 work on myself .
i want for once in my life to just stop caring what people think .
i want for once in my life to stop having to depend on how i affect others .
i have n't entirely planned it out yet but it needs to be somewhere in the western states .
i am thinking i am going to go to ketchum idaho .
i live in utah so it will be about 6 hours away .
it is where ernest hemingway died and it 's supposed to be very beautiful and small .
i think it would be the perfect place to just relax with a summer job live ... somewhere and read and write for the entire summer .
but if i am going to start planning i need to do it now and start saving up .
now i bet you 're wondering why i am not going to tell anyone .
i am only 18 and i still depend on my parents a lot .
i 'm not trying to be dramatic ... really .
so i started a new papal states ironman and i 'm getting some fishy stuff happening .
i got france austria and switzerland as allies and upped their relations to 180 each .
as soon as i joined the empire i sniped provence and draguignan from provence .
now france did n't seem to mind this right away .
they did n't get any relations penalties after i took the province .
in the end they still had 170 relations but they broke the alliance anyways .
i thought it was odd but it could be that i was rivaled to their ally savoy .
next switzerland is sitting at 180 relations when the swiss guard event fires .
would n't you know for no reason whatsoever the swiss backstab me and deny me my 10 manpower .
i 'm sitting here as her only friend in the world ready to win back her cores from the savoyards and she goes and does this .
i really wonder how the ai chooses what to do with regards to that event .
next i gobble up florence in a small excommunication war and feed arezzo to urbino .
i had claims on firenze and pisa and urbino had one on arezzo .
again the ai screws me over and decides to release florence from arezzo !
my own vassal handed over territory it was in the process of coring !
i 'm pretty sure this last one was because urbino got an unlawful territory request from austria .
but if that 's the case the worst part is that i 'm allied to austria with 150 relations .
plus urbino is my subject they should n't just be handing over my territory .
most of the stuff i 've done is easily reproducible .
have the capacity to care for another outside of marriage .
i can be funny sarcastic stereotypical caring and understanding .
would love to know you more your thoughts and just about anything that comes to mind .
i 'd like to know your day to day and i can tell you mine .
anything can be shared and locked in within me secret wants and maybe even things you have done or want done in your life .
hope this grabs you and we can get talking take care
time to jump on the i uninstalled unsubbed came back bandwagon
i need to do a thin layer chromatography of some natural extract isatis tinctoria meoh extract .
i choose a silica gel stationary phase but my problem is about the mobile phase .
probably i need to use something like chcl3 meoh h2o or something similar .
because the empiric way of multiple trying is too long and material expensive !
better shoot them out of the air before they land because if they sink the boats america sucks .
machine gun turrets rip through the enemies but too many slip through !
we all get some rootbeer floats after it 's over .
i connected it to my terminal mix 2 through the left balanced output of the mixer and set serato to mono .
but still i get some low hum when running the setup without music playing .
i do n't think that there is sth wrong with the way i set up so are the speakers shitty or did i oversee sth ?
not really a topic suggestion or anything just remember there was an episode about this and thought it was a nice follow up for what it 's worth .
... for thinking that i might get away with waiting for the winds of winter before watching s6 of game of thrones and not getting spoiled in the process ?
at the moment everyone on this sub seem to be planning to watch season 6 when it airs in april and are all arguing about how bad the spoilers will be .
am i crazy to think that i might get away with it by staying under the game of thrones-radar ?
to explain it better i have been riding almost since 6 years now and changed two motorcycles so far of completely different make and model .
there have been days when i start my motorcycle i feel like its in full on mood and it runs so smooth with very good performance .
however in some days the motorcycle just wo n't feel like smooth ride but a groggy .
like engine would just revv but wo n't go smooth even at the normal speed .
the mood will change within some days suddenly without any service or changes .
i am not even sure if it is just my feeling or my motorcycle actually does it .
not specifying my motorcycle names as i am sure it has nothing to do with the manufacturer .
just one thing i noticed during these two time periods is that whenever during the 'good ' period when i release accelerator the speed wo n't suddenly reduce however during 'bad ' period soon as i leave the accelerator speed abruptly reduce giving jerking sensation .
sorry for bad presentation of my problem english is not my first language .
this is a stream of consciousness story that happened about a week ago but i thought that it 'd be more fun to tell it in present tense .
her thighs flex and squeeze my ears muffling her ecstasy .
i have to hold my breath during this but i do n't mind .
she has powerful dancer 's legs though ... and those can hurt sometimes ... and she knows it ... but she 's being extra nice tonight .
i survey my goddess from my kneeling vantage point .
she 's collapsed on the bed her breathing deep but returning to normal .
her legs are in the amazing wide split she 's capable of .
her right leg bent at the knee dangles from the bed .
her pussy just inches from my face gleams ... but not in that gross sloppy way that porns intentionally play up ... just a beautiful sheen .
i love the smell of her it 's like vanilla and musk .
a beautiful trimmed dark patch just above her clit .
when we first started dating back in our early twenties she was totally shaved .
i like more hair she likes being the boss .
who ever heard of a mistress with a shaved pussy ?
it felt like a while but it was probably only just seconds .
now more stern and deliberate but without lifting her head from her pillow to look at me put your face back into my pussy.
this is n't an invitation to continue pleasing her .
she wants my face to smell like her orgasm .
naked kneeling with my hands cuffed behind my back and my breathing muffled between lips i 'm not allowed to kiss i have no thoughts of mutiny ... only service and my potential reward .
i hope that she does n't decide to take a nap .
who do you guys think is the best saber servant so far in your experiences in this game ?
unsure of whether i will do 20 or not so it makes sense to opt into the new plan .
will i be back paid the match to the tsp in 2018 for the two years of prior service ?
in response to the complaint thread posted earlier i 'd like to open up this for some feedback .
if you dislike something we 're doing let us know .
if you like something we 're doing let us know .
if you 'd like something different let us know .
if you 're going to be sarcastic at least post how you really feel as well .
edit2 im seeing very little feedback compared to the 75 post saying were terrible moderators .
hello i 'm training on scripting and i wanted to test a little script which gives you the angle between north and your bearing in degrees but it does not work
all comments not titles or pictures linked must be in georgian .
this comment will be in english but only for your help .
here is a helpful translator https translate.google.com ? hl=en auto/en
he 's starting a kickstarter pretty soon so it 's gon na be pretty neat to see the kind of builds we get out of this .
so i 've always heard that pcs are for engineers .
i 'm preferential towards laptops and most pc laptops are garbage after four years .
i 've seen macbooks last upwards of seven years .
i 'm in my last semester of college towards a bs me and i 'm looking to get a new laptop after i graduate .
i 'm leaning towards a macbook because of their longevity .
granted i most likely wo n't be doing engineering work on my personal home computer in the future but out of curiosity i wonder if macs are suitable for engineering .
are most common engineering programs compatible with mac os ?
i 've seen her touch her ear or cheek to engage communications with people calling her .
do you think it vibrates at a frequency that she can hear ?
she also must have used a part of her space pod to pierce her ears when she was young .
i wonder if superman did the piercing for her .
hello looking to get only one ak47 vulcan ft i dont care about float or sticker need only one so who first send offer will be accepted !
i need to order a few thing on my 04 access cab .
among the items are a new fuel door interior driver 's door pull handle tailgate handle and right side tailgate latch .
i can get some items via amazon but i 'd rather not directly support them unless i have to .
i believe it is time that we completely dismantle islam as a doctrine .
we need to remove the power that it has over a significant population of the world .
in light of the recent sexual assaults in europe one has to understand where all of this is coming from .
and i believe the reason is very simple because i 've heard it time and time again from the mouths of some rather uncomfortably orthodox muslims .
the western world as it is now is basically what the islamic heaven looks like .
there are hadiths which talk about the beauty of the white skinned women that muslim men will be rewarded with in jannah .
all of it most people can have right now in the western countries .
but in the muslim countries the situation is in stark contrast .
abject poverty and helplessness are a part of everyday life .
life is not about thriving it 's about surviving .
there is sexual repression to the extent that boys and girls are made to feel guilty to even look at each other .
this causes a massive and this is probably an understatement cognitive dissonance in the brain .
people do n't realize how powerful sexual repression can be .
it 's one of the two most basic needs all humans have and to have it stripped away can get you seriously fucked up .
so you have the arab people raised in these conditions and then you basically take them from what is literally the worst place to grow up to the places that closely resemble their heaven .
they 've always thought about playing out their sexual fantasies in heaven and now that they 're there it 's their time to shine .
on top of this they have no social skills no cultural acuity no idea as to what they 're doing .
the situation is probably only going to get worse before it gets better .
now we exmuslims are at a unique vantage point .
we know what it 's like to be sexually repressed .
we know to what extent islam can mess you up internally .
we are the only ones who have grown up with islamic ideals understood them lived them then discarded them and adopted ideals which were more western and progressive .
we are the only ones who can bridge the gap between the western world which is going to be very angry and in search of vengeance and the muslims .
we can do nothing about the extremists atleast not directly .
but i believe that we can make significant progress with the moderate muslims and get them to see why islam is not the perfect religion .
we need to plant the idea in people 's head that they can leave islam and be happy like we are trying to do .
we need to show them that the world needs to be bigger than islam and that it can only remain a cultural artifact but not a lifelong doctrine .
i do n't know exactly how we are going to do this .
but all i know is that we have to try .
because sooner and later we are going to get involved .
i deranked from le to mg1 and for some reason the games feel even more difficult ...
i do n't want to say that i lost motivation because of my rank but it feels that way .
we are stuck in wildfire right now because our management software cant run creo .
we are looking to upgrade to a true plm system so we can upgrade to creo and improve or life cycle management .
people ask me all the time geeeooorge what do i do with all these great ideas i have for new products ? ''
i tell them call my friends at invent help !
even rioters now think that rengar is 'embarassing ' to exist currently when ironically rengar 's probably in one of the most balanced states he 's seen even in solo q pre-rework rengar was far more broken as a bruiser/tank/mage as well as an assassin .
most people cry that rengar is broken in the disorganized chaos of solo q whilst ignoring that master yi far outstrips rengar in the same environment .
top lane rengar 's top lane match-ups range from managable to flat out terrible there are very few non-meta match-ups he is even slightly favoured in .
every experienced rengar player knows that you take exhaust and try to cheese level 1-3 for kills or at least to gain a big exp/creep advantage from the trade because you literally lose pretty much every single common top lane match-up at level 6 hard .
admittedly bruiser/tank rengar with w max first is a pretty safe lane in most matchups but you lose pretty much all kill and snowball potential compared to q max assassin rengar .
literally the only thing you have to do to beat top rengar is stay away from bushes at level 1-3 and you are golden .
whilst yi 's level 1-3 is n't nearly as cheesy as rengar 's although yi 's level 2 powerspike is actually pretty decent and his pre-6 is generally junk yi is actually a decently strong duelist at level 6 who loses much less matchups than most people realize if he is played by a competent yi player there 's a few korean top lane yi master/challenger yi players who you can watch to learn more .
jungle rengar 's first clear is absolutely trash in terms of sustain .
unless you get a solid leash you 'll probably end up around 50 or lower if you do a full clear without going to scuttle crab to regen some hp .
good junglers know that a rengar is very weak to invades and high elo rengar junglers often caution to take alternative routes when facing stuff like lee/kindred/nidalee because they will try to shut you down .
rengar 's pre-6 ganks are actually not bad because of his hard cc but he 's still pretty weak to counter-ganks/dueling in general unless he grabs a skirmisher 's .
post 6 rengar has strong ganks but early game without a youmuu's/bonetooth stacks there 's still a lot of time for enemies to react to your exclamation mark warning .
rengar like tf is highly dependent on the success of his first 2 to 3 post 6 to get snowballing since at rank 1 his r has a massive cooldown .
if he does n't get ganks off he farms the jungle rather slowly until he can buy a tiamat .
yi has one of the healthiest and fastest clears in the game from the very start thanks to meditate .
admittedly his pre-6 ganking presence is even weaker than rengar 's but yi wants to powerfarm to 6 which he is very good at .
past 6 yi 's ganks are n't bad even without cc due to how much sustained damage he has and he runs faster than rengar with highlander on .
unlike rengar yi is n't pressured to snowball as he can still just farm up his devourer knowing that he is one of the hardest scaling late game champions anyway .
dueling/assassination rengar has the highest single target burst in the game if building full crit there is no arguments there .
however some champs are hell for him to assassinate trist/vayne come to mind and zhonya 's on ap mids all but ensures their survival if it is n't a pure 1v1 with no allies nearby in which case any assassin will most likely kill you .
a 6-item darius or mundo will roll over you without losing even half their hp .
master yi whilst unable to match rengar in the 0-1.5 second range for burst deals much more sustained damage one of if not the highest dps in the game i believe .
his burst is also not too shabby q aa w reset aa takes less than a second to perform and the damage from a 6 item yi on squishies with this combo can almost if not outright 100-0 them .
more importantly a well played master yi is hands down the strongest 1v1 duelist in the game .
the only champions who give yi trouble are a nasus with an unrealistic amounts of stacks well over 1000 or a jax with a near full offensive build devourer gunblade rageblade botrk randuins tabi jax or selling randuins for triforce .
yi 's meditate makes him near invulnerable to burst champions as it basically gives him over 6000 ehp pre-resists when active due to 70 damage reduction .
under his ridiculous amounts of dps even a full tank build mundo or rammus melts in about 5~6 seconds .
as a consequence yi is also superior to rengar in split pushing .
not only does he duel better he also takes down towers a lot faster while retaining similar escape potential .
either he manages to oneshot the enemy squishies or he gets peeled and dies instantly .
rengar is actually far more powerful as a teamfighter when he builds bruiser/tank like the koreans do and plays as one of the best pick/initiating champs in the game but that 's not what players seem to be crying about .
master yi is perhaps the most dangerous champion late game to leave alone because he will pentakill your team if not focused down immediately .
assassins/fighters like rengar/fiora/diana/zed or other adcs/mages can be zoned off by tanks and dangerous bruisers like darius or mundo can be kited and whittled down by the adc/support/mid .
leave a tank alone against a yi and they are dead in 5 seconds .
leave a squishy alone against a yi and they are dead in 2 .
tl dr master yi exceeds rengar vastly as a solo queue stomper .
rengar is only stronger at level 1-3 in top laner or at level 6 as a jungler but yi beats him everywhere else .
tennessee 's presidential primary is march 1 and to be eligible to vote you need to be registered at least 30 days in advance of the voting date .
so be sure you 're registered before feb 1 if you plan on voting on march 1 !
the primaries are important for determining your party 's candidate and the early primaries play a very important role in who may or may not get elected !
check out http sos.tn.gov/products/elections/how-do-i-register-vote http sos.tn.gov/products/elections/how-do-i-register-vote for more information .
looking for someone who 's reasonably priced on labor but not looking to sacrifice quality .
hi guys.. ive got a couple of questions for a ship im using for ranked amagi specifically .
tactic wise i like to get in close and thankfully ranked players have the coordination to support worked well so far .
1 for the last modification slot should 1 take target acquisition or concealment modification .
which one gives more benefit for close range getting into a no miss range .
2 for the 4th captain skill should i take high alert or superintendent and does high alert which reduces time for damage control party stack up with prem consumables .
here 's https www.reddit.com/r/daddit/comments/3lo92r/need_some_stroller_protips_chicco_bravo_vs_britax/cv8o1aa a previous comment i made .
would a child-free man have not one but two baby seats to compare ?
item click for inventory exterior click for screenie comment buyout keys
★ m9 bayonet blue steel battle-scarred http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018985132/inventory 730_2_4659680853 0.99522435665131 http i.imgur.com/piwwyet.jpg 2 most bs on exchange full purple !
stattrak™ ak-47 case hardened minimal wear http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018985132/inventory 730_2_4695269802 0.12511257827282 http imgur.com/a/tvumb lucky cat sticker on the wood really decent amount of blue !
stattrak™ m4a1-s bright water field-tested http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018985132/inventory 730_2_4727142080 0.19989842176437 http imgur.com/a/nigyz ibp holo kato'14 on barrel ldlc non-holo on back .
also has dat teamwork holo cuz you 're a teamplayer ! 60 55 very negotiable
i noticed that the red ping is very loud and others are too quiet quiet and my idea is that when u open up settings there is a drop down menu where you can set the volume for each ping ex .
your support janna is going to ward tri-bush and u have a big wave undertower trying to focus on lasting hit them and the enemy leona goes to dive u cuz your support is warding ur jungled uses the loud red ping at janna becuz she is face checking and mid mias at the same time the jungles spams red ping missing the mia dying to the enemy katarina giving her 2 kills .
this happened to my bot lane and it 's really annoying how the red is so loud and if ur team is not looking at the map it 's hard to hear the ping
just wondering how much this awp would be worth in keys ?
if there are gods and they are just then they will not care how devout you have been but will welcome you based on the virtues you have lived by .
if there are gods but unjust then you should not want to worship them .
if there are no gods then you will be gone but ... will have lived a noble life that will live on in the memories of your loved ones . ''
but wanted to know the thoughts of you guys about this above quote .
this quote does n't really have a known writer to the best of my knowledge and when i made an internet search about it i came back with answers saying that 's it 's a modified version of a quote by marcus aurelius .
i 'm not one to welcome daily spam but the daily reminders from cbt nuggets are too good to disable .
chuck norris does n't need garbage collection ... because he does n't call .dispose he calls .dropkick .
it 's time to drop kick your training in the face ! ''
it 's nice to begin a day with a chuckle .
i 'm still training with my double weave judo gis and i 'm looking to buy a new gi that does n't get as hot during rolls .
i see that the inverted gear panda 2.0 has a 550 g pearl weave jacket but it 's also described as light so i 'm a bit confused .
i get really sweaty and hot when i 'm training so i 'd like something that breathes a little bit better to keep me cooler .
would this be a good choice or should i find something lighter ?
i 've been following bjjhq daily for the past few weeks and have n't noticed any lighter gis that might be closer to what i 'm looking for .
edit it looks like everybody recommends this gi so i pulled the trigger for an a2l at bjjhq !
i have a shiny zapdos that i want to give to someone .
it 's not from gen 6 but i caught in my recent playthrough of heartgold and brought it up to gen 6 .
would you recommend i throw it up onto wondertrade or should i hold a small competition for zapdos ?
something like whoever gets the highest voted pokemon related haiku after a 24 hour period ?
i just got a new bike with mechanical disk brakes and when i pull them they sort of make a hissing noise .
and can i buy them cheap as a single card or is there another way to get them ?
so i made a new channel for playing games and whatnot just for fun .
and i realized my url was n't https www.youtube.com insertusernamehere '' and i know good and well i made another account with the same username .
so i miraculously tracked down the old account and email that i made when i was 12 and surely enough it was https www.youtube.com insertusernamehere '' .
now my question is if i delete that account can i make the new channel 's url https www.youtube.com/channel insertusernamehere '' .
well i got a lead role in my school show so i 'll be less active then usual for the next fee months cya o and do n't blow anything up while i 'm gone
at our office we currently have two marina 's we 're potentially listing .
would anyone know where to find the resources to calculate the cap rate for marinas/campgrounds ?
here are a list of skins you can buy to all in on penta against ex tsm .
it 's gon na be like envy vs penta pt 2
this is a side-by-side of the consumer ir camera with it 's usb cable coiled at its base http i.imgur.com/ohh8mto.jpg ? 1 and a 12ft usb 3.0 a to b cable http www.mycablemart.com/store/cart.php ? m=product_detail p=3430 gclid=cj0keqia2b20brdj4buduig-y9ebeiqahgmgfd9-spxj6qeszwjtn_pqjzjud4rduyhvouoksvjbpycaahtd8p8haq
based on this image i think we can safely assume that the length of the ir camera cable is roughly 12 ' .
edit i would say it is 12 or less .
hey i m from france i have a cold and i m litteraly dying at my desk from it and from boredom .
i think hot pics of celebs fit girls moms or other beautiful ladies would cheer me up please help
i am recruiting for my clan called paradise gaming were looking for anyone like lol players smite players call of duty players csgo players designers and more rules to join
3 must have a mic your gon na be on the comptitive side of things
4 if your a zombie player sniper trickshoter you dont need a mic
5 submit a clip or a pic of you comp rank for anygame to paradiseclanbusiness gmail.com
6 were looking for team leaders but that wont happen for a while bc you need to be trust worthy
7 you will be a leader of game teams like lol smite csgo
8 if you wan na join message my twitter xtritonshd or the clan twitter ogparadiseclan or my xbox gt baddawg 72 of comment below do not email anything other than business to this email paradiseclanbusiness gmail.com
for example mine are deep ocean and heights.these make me weak at the knees .
deep ocean because outside of your element and if any hungry nasty wants a piece they will get it .
heights i can do roller coasters and stuff but cliff edges and low railings ?
sad thing is i want to scuba/sky dive surf and try bungee jumping one day .
vive isnt using a depth sensing camera merely an rgb camera with edge detection .
shouldnt dragonfly be able to accomplish the same using its rgb offset camera ?
found this video about a fake gibson les paul standard https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=sahms_gouvg to be rather insightful .
is she worth the build and how should i build her/what is she used for ?
both the british and the dutch imported indentured laborers from india to their guyanese colonies in the 19th century after the abolition of slavery .
this has lead to the largest ethnic group in guyana and suriname being indo-guyanese and hindoestanis respectively .
disclaimer we are a strictly secular analytical subreddit with absolutely zero links to any jihadi groups .
this is a short message from the mod team of r/jihadinfocus introducing our subreddit and inviting you to check us out .
we 're a highly specific subreddit with a highly specific mission to aggregate analyze read write and share information analyses propaganda and academic work centered around the topic of modern still working on defining that but for the moment the last 50 years jihadism and islamic extremism .
for the sake of clarity we are not the place to post videos and articles about conflicts occurring in the muslim world unless it is specifically related to how jihadism affects that conflict .
for instance an article about the war between syrian opposition and the syrian government is not an appropriate article for our subreddit nor one on syrian or russian or american or uk etc etc airstrikes in syria .
however an article on the recruitment methods of specific jihadist groups a working definition will be spelled out as the community comes to a consensus on what exactly that entails but for the moment an armed islamic group that believes in advancing the islamic cause through militant and violent jihad or a video/audio propaganda piece from one of those groups would absolutely be appropriate .
we aim to aggregate information and collaborate in translating/analyzing that information or sharing the noteworthy analyses of that information by notable individuals .
jihad and islamic extremism are incredibly important topics in the 21st century and they are also often incredibly misunderstood .
if you 're interested in learning more about the ideologies operational techniques recruitment propaganda or other facets of these groups or if you 're a knowledgeable voice interested in sharing what you know we welcome you to r/jihadinfocus to discuss and share information about an increasingly relevant aspect of the modern world .
i was working on christmas eve and things were pretty hectic .
we 're located in a pretty small town so there usually is n't a large amount of delivering to do .
because most of us want to stay useful most drivers know how to run everything store side .
i was up front running the register and this fella comes in pays for his order around 13 or so with a card .
he asks me hey how many people are working here tonight ? ''
it 's a bit odd but i do n't think much of it i tell him there 's four of us here tonight .
he writes 20 down in the tip box and tells me to give everyone 5 merry christmas .
i stutter a bit and start pouring on the thanks .
as he 's walking out the door i tell him he can take a drink if he wants we have a cooler right out front but he declines and goes on his way like any good hero .
i hand everyone their tip and we all wave at him as he leaves .
betcha ' you were wondering what was up with the gal who cleanly beat psycho ?
i 'm working on that shit and we got a human test subject comin ' on down !
though ... i might a teensy bit worried cause it 's my own girl melaine .
aw i 'm not sounding like i 'm very confident in our work huh ?
anyways she showed up a few days ago with a couple friends .
one called herself holly and explained a few things to myself william and mel-mel .
anywho we just got her vitals taken and all the pre-shoving-a-cure-into-her-blood stuff done and are juuuust about to pop the ol ' needle in !
what we 're banking on is that this boosts the activity of her immune system .
it is n't a complete cure as certain symptoms and traces of the infection are gunna remain but it should make her unable to pass on the strand to other humans through any means of contact .
spit cum blood ... all that fun stuff should be cleaner than clean .
restartin ' her whole body which is what would need to be done for a full cure is a little too risky and advanced .
the infection has already done a number on her vital systems removing it completely would probably kill her .
her body should start to repair tissue damage pump blood aannd the brain should start functioning without any drastic relapses though minor depression will still be evident .
the stuff we wo n't be able to hit is pretty major though .
for one thing we found that her nervous system has received major damage is certain areas which explains the numbness and tolerance to pain .
we also found that because she will no longer be an active distributer she will be vulnerable to the infection .
we suspect the ability to control the infected will still be present and the undead will not actively target her .
however she could now fully turn much like any human being if exposed to a bite or any other fluids from the undead .
but most of the nasty stuff 's gunna be gone licitly split !
i got ta go give salem this stuff now !
this is probably my favorite time period to learn about when it comes to asiatic history .
could anybody please recommend any good movies about this stage in history ?
note i 've already seen letters from iwo jima and city of life and death
i was going to buy 2 unusual taunts later and i was wondering what are the good effects and what are the bad ones ?
if somebody could provide me with some kind of list it 'd be great .
i asked for a toxoplasmosis screening per the suggestion of that expecting better book and it turns out i have some of the antibodies in my blood already .
that means i 'm not at risk for getting the disease .
we usually garden in warmer weather so that 's one less thing to worry about !
i get them constantly anyway regardless of the necessary precautions and a steady diet of cranberry supplements so i ca n't say i 'm surprised .
unfortunately due to morning sickness i can hardly stomach my heartburn meds .
not sure how it 's going to work taking three antibiotics a day .
anyone else have surprising news after their first appointments ?
i have is this way to reduce ips glow and it works significantly .
the problem is the bright spot that i am getting at the top right or if it was in normal orientation bottom left .
i know its bleed because that 's the only spot if viewed directly perpendicular is still bright .
if i lightly touch the spot with a cloth it darkens so i can only assume that the panel is not flush with the back light ?
i know pictures look worse then real life as anything else but that bright spot is pretty much black .
the contrast difference between bright spot and darkness surrounding it is fairly accurate if accounted for the overall brightness of the picture .
i looked up online and mine does n't look too bad but this is supposed to be a newer revision and i am not sure if i should try to rma it .
hey i was just wondering if you can get mechs in the current stable update .
i see on the wiki it says you find them from high tech chests but it has n't been updated in awhile so i just wanted to check with you guys .
alrighty so i 've been repairing this vita i got from a friend .
he stated that his left analog stick was n't working and he was pretty much done with the handheld himself and said i could have it .
so i tore down the console reaching that green board that makes contact with the left analog stick .
i take that apart and find some grime within the stick .
i clean that out and i figure while i 'm here might as well clean up the d-pad .
i get some alcohol and go over the contacts on the board itself for the d-pad and clean the d-pad and the membrane beneath the d-pad .
all seems well so i put it back together .
ca n't use it to navigate the menu and when i entered a game the d-pad moved in weird diagonal directions when i wanted to move in just one direction .
i should mention that the d-pad was working perfectly before i started working on the console .
i tore it down again hoping i just put something in the wrong spot but the problem persists .
any way i can fix it or am i stuck ?
this is a link https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=szn7lpciet4 to my second tape shy guise .
guise referring to the mask i donned as my persona .
the first track frostmourne loops somewhere around 2:30 i do n't even know how the hell that happened .
i 've been making music non-recreationally '' for about 2 years .
let me know what you guys think i still make lots of music
i appreciate feedback and also any tips cause i know i 'm very far from perfect .
because i ca n't post this in askscience without my thread getting reviewed '' first .
my reasoning is this the speed of light is always the same but its origin point is not .
therefore some photons should be reaching the reflecting source sooner .
disclaimer 1 this is only part 1 as there are a lot of mobs in the game .
if this post is well-received i 'll start working on part 2 but if nobody really cares about it i 'll just write it off so let me know if you want to read more !
from the studio that brought you greats like 'this difficulty rating fucking sucks' and 'this pvp etiquette fucking sucks' comes 'why the fuck did this nutter decide to rate the mobs ?
i 'll just start off by saying i 'm doing this for a bit of fun and hopefully to entertain some of you folks out there with my ramblings .
i 'll try to keep the ratings somewhat consistent .
disclaimer 2 okay so on my last ratings post a lot of the people commenting did n't really agree with my rating system as i rated as someone who was experienced with the game .
taking that into consideration this post will try to keep a balance on the difficulty rating .
remember skeleton take it with a grain of salt .
bullshit meter a combination of how glitchy/unfair/annoying a mob is .
without further ado lets start journey 2 to drangleic .
they look like a monkey-rat lovechild so no special rating here .
these would be rated a ten if we counted the start but if you have a weapon they 're no problem .
they can be hard to hit and earn a few points for how many people they 've killed who are playing the game for the first time .
these guys are pretty tough even later into the game .
these motherfuckers have the most retarded hitboxes especially when you start the game out with low agility .
oh and did i mention the glitched grab attack that one-shots you until you have like 40 vig ?
they have a jump-attack-thing that 's really hard to see coming and dodge .
and fuck getting cornered by them with a shit weapon .
no purse-user here since he 's technically a boss .
ca n't even see the little buggers in the grass .
why ca n't i fucking hit them with my weapon ?
oh yeah just once you think you far away from their grubby mitts elana decides to summon them and fuck your shit up .
if you ever see these do not try to fight .
the hat is the best hat in the game .
they can pose a threat if you wake up twenty of them .
fuck that slow they have even if you do n't get hit by the pancake attack .
i 'm saving the royal swordsmen for lost bastille .
when the best strategy to fight them is to use poison arrows you know they suck .
the only way to fight them in melee range is to out damage them since you ca n't dodge their attacks .
oh wait they 're ranged too and do stupid damage ?
these are some tough cookies even as an experienced player .
the hammer bros have unlimited stamina and fast combos .
i already rated this guy on me boss ratings post but i really wanted to rate him as a mob so here you go .
i was doing some low-level royal swordsman sunbro-ing on pc to help the new players with a bit of good ol ' cosplay .
the amount of people who died to this guy was ridiculous .
you have to just run straight at him no pausing .
if you aggro him and do n't get under him straight up he will spam fire attacks all day that are almost impossible to get by .
also if you look close enough you can actually see their pubes .
oh look at me jump i 'm a ninja mum !
have fun with the stunlock and try not to get petrified .
the only way to fight them is with gravity .
probably a 6 if you want a serious rating .
i did all the way up to sinner so i thought that was a good place to stop for now since i started to get real tired towards the end .
tell me what you think if you have a differing opinion .
what 's your most bullshit enemy up to sinner ?
fuckpigs are the most difficult enemy in the game .
not knocking them but i have noticed that they are a lot more similar than any two juices from other places that i 've brought juice from .
heres the ones i 've tried ombipom moo fields mars milk of the poppy and blues greek yoghurt .
was wondering if anyone else had the same experience with blue dot vapor and/or other places or it 's just me ?
edit i should add that i mean no disrespect .
all there is now is thunderlords everywhere it seems like anything else is not even worth taking ...
the visus procul or the vp as the crew called it was an exploration vessel .
you were part of the crew before its ... demise .
the ship had dropped in light years away from the rest of humanity in a previously unexplored system .
you were n't sure what exactly went wrong but judging by the lack of other escape pods you were the only survivor .
it gave you some time to reflect about your career path .
were you part of the landing crew that would get sent on missions down to the uncharted planets ?
you might have been a soldier chosen to protect the rest of the crew or maybe the squad medic .
you felt that establishing to yourself what you did would play a role in how your future played out .
of course if it was too much to think about now you did n't have to answer the question .
a camera aimed behind the pod would reveal the vp collapsing in on itself and you had to face the fact that this pod was your new home for now .
a glowing screen would ask where you wanted to go with several options lit up .
each planet had a small blurb written next to it consisting of tidbits of information the ground crew had posted about it .
you only had enough fuel to make it to one planet and crash there .
let 's start with selecting a planet and optionally a bit of a backstory on your character then we go from there .
all of the names are in latin which usually reveals a bit about the planet when translated .
the scene ends once your character dies manages to find a way to survive indefinitely or is somehow rescued .
the scene will be sfw by default but of course i 'm a versatile writer .
i will continue replying as long as anyone cares to play .
any place to get used ski equipment other than kijiji ?
are there ever ski swaps or stores that sell used skis boots and poles ?
this is based on the templar from the video game dragon age a holy knight devoted to slaying evil mages .
the oath of the templar is a commitment to protect people from arcane mages .
when a lich creates an army of undead and threatens the kingdom or when a warlock summons demons to do his bidding templars are called to protect the land .
to a templar any arcane mage has the potential to be evil and must be closely watched to prevent great evil .
watch the mages magic can be used for great evil .
protect the innocent protect those that would be harmed by magic .
stop the evil mages if a mage steps out of line do not hesitate to exterminate the mage .
you gain oath spells at the paladin levels listed .
when you take this oath at 3rd level you gain the following two channel divinity options
as an action you can attempt to purge an area of magic using your channel divinity .
choose one creature object or magic effect within range .
for each spell on the target make an ability check using charisma modifier .
the dc for this check is equal to the spell save dc of the creature that created the effect .
if a creature did not create the effect and the effect can be cleansed the dc is set by the dm .
you gain the ability to better protect yourself from magical effects .
when you see a creature casts a spell that requires a saving throw you can use your reaction to grant yourself advantage on the saving throw to resist the effects of the spell using your channel divinity .
beginning at 7th level the power in your blood forms a ward against magic .
in addition you can add your proficiency bonus to checks made to dispel magic such as with the spell dispel magic and with cleanse magic .
starting at 15th level you have perfected the art of fighting wizards and other magic users .
whenever you hit an arcane magic user such as anyone who has class levels in bard sorcerer warlock or wizard with a melee attack the creature takes an extra 1d8 radiant damage .
in addition if the arcane magic user is concentrating on a spell that creature has disadvantage on the saving throw it makes to maintain its concentration .
in addition you have advantage on all intelligence wisdom and charisma saving throws against magic .
at 20th level you can assume the form of the perfect mage slayer .
as an action you create an area of antimagic as in the antimagic field spell in a 10-foot radius surrounding yourself .
this antimagic field only affects arcane magic including all spells cast by a bard sorcerer warlock or wizard .
this field has no effect on divine magic such as spells cast by a cleric druid paladin or ranger .
magic items work normally except for magic items attuned to an arcane caster .
once you use this feature you ca n't use it again until you finish a long rest .
i 'm not sold on aura of purity or circle of power as oath spells .
any better ideas for cleansing non spell effects besides just saying set by the dm '' ?
what would you guys think about frames that you would get by maxing out devotion to each syndicate ?
they could be designed around the themes of the synds visually and their powers .
i just maxed out devotion to a synd and found it to be underwhelming leaving me with no motivation to do any others i 'll just buy any of the exclusive mods i want and everything else is meh .
has anyone tried any of fresh-kratom 's new stock ?
i just ordered some red md and was wondering if anyone has any experience with it .
hello i am a modest gamer new to the console scene .
i am about to buy my third game for my new console after taking a couple years break from gaming .
i am trying to decide between metal gear solid v pp w online or destiny ttk .
i am into shooters and my main priority is multiplayer .
less with friends i know irl and more just randoms i meet in-game .
i am not too much of a fan of singleplayer but will still play it since its important part of both games .
i am not too much a fan of cod style games where its just sort of arcade and everyone runs around by themselves .
i prefer games that have a bit more to offer whether that be a more tactical/team based approach like rainbow6 which i am enjoying atm .
or a sort of rpg/sci fi system with destiny .
i have watched a lot of the multiplayer aspects of both destiny and msg and they really interest me .
but while msg seems to have a great singleplayer how active is the online community ?
it seems like online is just an extra sideshow compared to destiny where it is a more prominent part of the title .
anyways would anyone else more familiar with both titles have anything to chip in ?
i am just looking for the game that i can just get into during my evenings and just enjoy myself without having to necessarily dedicate much of my time towards building a storyline or anything like that .
ultimately my goal is just to have a competitive multiplayer game that i can enjoy for a long time .
remember how nearly all of us were in awe when the news broke https m.reddit.com/r/falcons/comments/2zi98r/biermann_is_back that he was coming back ?
now looking back his pass rushing is still damn bad but his run stuffing ability has earnt him the 18th best lb grade from pff at 9.3 14.4 for run defense .
quietly he 's had a great season and no one would be surprised if we re-signed him once more .
narrowing down his roles in quinn 's system has really worked out for kroy .
i was wondering how many keys my knife worth .
i would like to know if that is it and what would be the normal price to sell not qs ?
so in 2012 there was this awesome project called lepsis https vimeo.com/55695909 .
now almost 4 years later i was looking around but i could n't find anything like it to buy or any update on how far they have come with their project .
on a related note do all grasshoppers taste the same ?
that means can i just buy the grasshoppers from our local pet shop and breed them and feed them with vegetables for flavour and they will be just as tasty as specially delivered ones from a entomophagy shop ?
i heard they would be somewhat moldier '' tasting .
we started our son in a daycare this monday which was awful .
they blasted music to drown out the babies crying and ignored them for 20mins .
one of the ladies picked babies up by just one arm and he came home in a size 1 diaper when i provided them with size 3 's his butt was as wrinkly as his scrotum that day .
so we pulled him out and thankfully my mother in law and dad were able to take over for the rest of the week .
we called around and found out that only 3 daycares in this whole city had openings and picked the best one out of the three .
i am just not a 100 comfortable with this place either .
they have a lot of swings bouncers and exercausers .
the babies sleep in a crib room and when i asked how they hear the babies they just said they leave the door to the room open i do n't like that it seems like it could be very easy to miss a baby crying .
my grandmother who lives in south asia we 're south asian has offered to come and watch him .
she watched both my brother and me until we were three years old .
there 's some minor safety concerns as american safety standards do n't exist where we 're from .
while she will make sure he 's fed changed and content i do n't think she would read to him have music time or those other things that daycare will supposedly provide .
we will talk to her about having plenty of floor and tummy time and provide her with a bouncer swing stroller etc ... so that she has everything to soothe him .
i am just torn on which situation is better .
with my grandma he only has one caretaker and will never cry or have to share attention but he 'll be missing out on a lot of the engagement that daycares say they offer .
does anyone have any experience with petitioning the graduate college to keep an assistantship while on academic probation ?
i am extremely worried about losing my research position due to getting a c in my first semester of grad school and need some advice .
honestly i was just overwhelmed my first semester and did n't do very well and i do n't want this to be the cause of me losing my assistantship .
sorry if this is a re-post i could n't find anything specifically relevant to my situation .
currently work for a hotel/casino in las vegas and may have an interview at a competing company for an corporate marketing analyst position .
i need to be able to demonstrate excel proficiency and to do so i would like to bring along with me some reports i have created for my department .
these reports have financial information on them regarding revenue not full financial statements .
i do n't want to cross any ethical line here .
my questions is there anything i can/need to do to present these reports in an interview in an ethical way other than simply changing the numbers ?
i like to listen to what i call electronic instrumental nonvocal music .
little people deadmau5 fc kahuna the glitch mob emancipator bonobo c2c ... maybe that helps .
if you have a pandora or apple music station or just a quick list of tracks albums or artists that you feel i may like i 'd like to hear them .
even though pandora is a better radio service i have  family and would really like an apple tuned station
hello fellow victorians i 'm assembling my earthquake/emergency kit and looking for some hardtack or mres to go in it .
does anyone know where to buy them in greater victoria ?
ela tem tudo que um cara poderia querer para namorar é muito bonita divertida ótima companhia para saídas etc .
e eu a amei mais do que tudo durante um ano e meio .
entretanto nesse período sofri todo tipo de sacanagem que poderia esperar mentira traição dissimulação falta de consideração egocentrismo e mt egoísmo .
então depois de muito sofrer decidi terminar ainda gostando dela .
apesar disso o grande problema eh apenas um saber lidar com a saudade pois eh isso que me faz continuamente falar com ela e me prender por alguém que segue a vida na boa sem mim .
explico melhor eu tento me afastar e chego a ficar até uma semana sem falar com ela por mensagem mas sempre ela volta p falar e não consigo simplesmente ignorar ou pedir p ela não falar mais .
só que quando ela fala eh sempre para me usar para aumentar ego dela pois ela tem crises de beleza ou para saber se já tô ficando com outras e assim começar a me dar falsas esperanças ou ainda para simplesmente me pisar e se sentir superior falando coisas que sabe que vai me atingir .
então estou num problema de um lado quando ela fala comigo eu sofro e se ela não fala eu fico com uma saudade extrema .
no expectations about your time commitment because we 're doing this for fun .
your time is yours to do with as you like .
i should be getting a second bag in a few hours .
both are useless to me/i 've given some extras to friends already .
if anyone needs one feel free to send me a message here and i 'll do my best to get it to ya !
if you are using an old design you are more than likely out of date post update considering all of the new raid combinations you will experience .
below i will provide a list of recommended bases to prevent 3 stars as a th9 .
we would come much closer to winning if our th9s were all up to date .
double sweep http www.allclash.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/th9-war-base-2-air-sweeper-900x515.jpg correct number of buildings using th10 base for demonstration
my sister said squirming as i cupped a generous handful of her firm tanned butt .
i waited a few moments until she returned her attention to the soccer game on tv then i reached up again and spread my palm across her right cheek .
i squeezed and groped my teenage sister 's plump rump while she tried her best to ignore me .
i crept closer and closer to her on the bed until my upper body was draped across her back .
we were both shirtless and my chest and stomach pressed against her warm soft lower back .
off to one side the roach from the joint we had shared sat forgotten in a smudged glass ashtray .
come on '' i said mom and dad wo n't be home for hours .
i bet i 'm not the only one '' i said pressing the growing bulge in my underwear against her panty-clad ass .
i pumped my hips slowly dragging my clothed cock up and down her ass .
fuuuuck '' my sister moaned her face pressed into the bed .
when i slid my fingers into the waistband of her panties and tugged them down she did n't stop me .
she kept her eyes focused on the tv but i could her her shallow breathing .
i rolled down my sister 's underwear with slow deliberate care .
i bent in close letting her feel my breath on her round bottom .
i raised myself to my knees and tugged down my briefs .
i held my swollen cock in one hand letting it grow to a full seven-inch erection .
my sister glanced back over her shoulder and quickly buried her face in the bedspread again .
the unspoken rule seemed to be as long as i do n't acknowledge him we 're not doing anything wrong .
i tugged the panties down a little further revealing the top of her pink slit .
my sister was as visibly aroused as i was .
she said breathily and deliberately do n't fuck me . ''
i reached over to the nightstand grabbed a bottle of lotion and squirted some on my fingers .
i pressed them between my sister 's asscheeks rubbing them up and down her virgin crack .
she moaned as my long square fingers rubbed her dark cleft .
i grasped my cock and bounced it up and down slapping it off my sister 's ass with a soft thwack thwack ! ''
i took a double handful of my sister 's ass spread her slightly and threaded my cock between her globes like a hotdog in a bun .
i squeezed her buttocks back together sandwiching my prick and began to thrust .
the tip of my cock slid in and out the far side of her ass occasionally bumping against the small of her back .
the pace of the soccer game began to speed up as one team drove for the goal .
she moaned quietly finding it harder to concentrate on the tv but she never turned around .
as the center ran towards the goal my strokes increased in speed my cock gliding in and out of the well-lubed channel between my sister 's lower cheeks .
she moaned in time with me and started to hump back .
the crotch of her panties the part that still covered her pussy was soaked .
fuck i 've got ta cum '' i announced .
as the center lined up his shot my prick burst .
ropes of hot jizz shot across her ass and up her back .
i kept cumming for what seemed like forever pumping out blast after blast until my aching balls were completely empty .
my sister was spattered from ass to shoulder crisscrossed with streaks of pearly cum .
she lay facedown no longer watching the game just breathing hard .
she was quiet for a little while and then she finally spoke .
i squeezed her thighs my hands coming close to the soaked triangle of fabric between her legs .
i 've just started playing eq2 i rolled a dirge which is a unique type of class i 've never really played .
i 'm wondering which servers are the most populated best to settle down on ?
i levelled my fishing skill i am now level 50 .
so i finally convinced my older sister to play terraria with me .
i 've only played as an archer/summoner so i have no clue how to get good mage/warrior items or even where to start ...
so my question is this what should i get first as a mage and what can she get as a warrior to start us off on terraria ?
we 're only 4 game days in she is recording for her youtube channel and we just recorded 4 episodes for tonight and we have 11 gold bars and a pair of flippers as our only good '' items .
she is using the cactus sword and i am using a wooden bow currently
so i 'm a senior in high school and i 've been playing magic the gathering for about 4 years i picked it up as a freshman .
in the beginning i borrowed cards from my brother and from the teacher who ran the after school game club .
since i did n't buy these i was more inclined to trade or give them to people who had more use of them .
however recently i have been building my collection with the money that i earn from my job .
i came into the possession of some very good ones recently .
now about a month ago i started sitting with these sophomores at lunch who all play magic .
i figured it was good for me to have someone to look up to when i was an underclassmen so i wanted to be that guy .
okay so here 's where the real story starts .
one of these kids let 's call him steve very rarely has lunch or money to buy lunch .
i figured he probably doenst have a very good home life or whatever so sometimes i 'd lend him a buck or two so he could eat .
whatever right i 'm a nice guy and it 's not a lot of money for me .
i also give him and his other friends advice on magic been playing it longer and recommend what cards they can buy and such .
i try to be nice to these guys and fair .
today jan 7 2016 another kid that sits at our table and is friends with steve let 's call him joe is arguing with him .
naturally wanting to be the 'adult ' in this situation i ask him what 's wrong .
they both start arguing again and from what i understand steve now has some really quite rare powerful and expensive magic cards that joe also had .
joe coincidentally can not find his copies of those cards anywhere .
naturally assumptions start flying the word 'theif ' gets tossed around and there are generally some tense emotions .
not wanting these kids to get worked up and possibly ruin their friendships i try to work stuff out and calm them down .
joe ends up storming off having taken the cards steve allegedly stole and leaving .
i then tell steve that if he did take them he should come clean and apologize because he should n't risk a friend over some pieces of cardboard '' sides also form among the others but i generally am able to keep everyone calm .
i recently purchased with my christmas money a bulk pack of nearly 1600 cards .
i had finished sorting them and was ready to add them to my decks .
as i look through my decks i start to notice certain cards are missing .
certain cards that steve had suddenly started using ... .cards that were primary sources of my wins and now were primary sources for his .
naturally i start to make assumptions but i do n't want to be rash so i try to think .
then i remember that earlier steve had requested to look through '' some of my decks .
after that happened i had n't touched my cards for about 3 days .
and i know for a fact the last time i looked through they were there .
so the fact of the matter is this i 've been nothing but nice and actually very very generous with this kid .
i even defended him when he was accused of stealing .
now i know that he did steal my things .
i 've treated you so well and now you 're going to be the worst type of person and act like you did n't take those cards from me ?
you do n't even bat an eye when i continue being nice to you or keep winning while using someone else 's strategy and cards ?
i want my cards back and i want him to recognize some guilt for what he 's done .
i 'm also looking to get some petty revenge .
he 's generally a good person to hang out with so i do n't want to lose him as a friend but what he did is so douchey and downright disgraceful it borders on sociopathy .
tl dr kid i was super nice to stole from me how to get him to confess ?
hello everyone i am currently doing a school project on the question of evil and our personal moral code .
if you could take some time out and help me with this survey it would it much appreciated .
well title being quite self-explanatory ... how long does it take to receive an invitation to amazon merch ?
edit thanks to kaizenrino suggesting that i have n't received an email and to attempt logging in i tried it and it works !
so i do n't know when it was created but y'know .
edit 2 please stop contacting me for the account !
edit 4 for the love of fuck stop pm'ing about this shit .
i just rewatched interstellar the other night and i welled up at least a couple of times .
this does n't happen alot when i watch stuff .
i checked rotten tomatoes and its sitting on a 71 fresh rating .
some of the critics are really harsh as well .
i loved it the first time i saw it and can say it holds up the second time as well .
the wishy washy black hole book shelf stuff is really the only bit that 's not great .
well now that i think about it i agree too .
it 's realty hard to pull up wishlist on mobile so i 'll cheat on the commenting to ask you what 's your favorite high priced item on your wishlist and why ?
a bog is a type of terrain peat is a type of moss https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sphagnum
do you really think that most or even some of the sustenance farmers and traders of the 700 's had silver inlaid decorated axes ?
i think that the axe you linked is not very common .
you should think again if you thought that it was used for anything other than decoration to be honest .
from wikipedia ... richly decorated on both sides with inlaid silver designs the iron axe was probably a ceremonial parade weapon that was the property of a man of princely status his burial clothes bearing elaborate embroidery and trimmed with silk and fur . ''
there were dane axes and other specialized axe weapons but from everything i 've read normal wood axes were overwhelmingly common for non career warriors like plenty of vikings .
i 'm not sure he knows what a y axis is .
jules is already comming back so i would pick dion
variable obj_creature_handle.xs 100033 2147483648 not set before reading it .
was playing bully used a level orb with a grumbul aggro 'd on me took heavy lifting perk rolled and pressed the input to lift him .
exactly if you 're extremely poor it 's a financial decision if you 're just poor it 's a knowledge and access thing i think
afaict jews and irish catholics were n't pursuing the political dominance of their faith in any strongly organized manner
people have been claiming that jews are running and controling the banks and media and government for a long time .
basically we 've somewhat stopped blaming the jews and started blaming muslims for wanting to control everything .
that seemed like a pretty strong analogy to me .
regarding the irish was n't that what the whole conflict in ireland was about ?
just against some friends to test out a card .
demographic who you want to answer your survey age country characteristics etc .
this submission has been removed but feel free to resubmit with an appropriate title !
and do n't hesitate to ask if you have any questions .
they look like those gloves you used to get from game banana over design and ugly .
the amount of shit he did privately to make up for his failings was enormous .
i do n't give a shit for every one of those there 's about 20 in here from yanks telling germany it needs to exterminate refugees because a couple of people out of millions coming from deplorable living conditions are causing issues .
no shit people do stuff like this in every country anyway and even though i do often see comments from americans saying all their problems are because of black people how come no push to cleanse them all from society ?
oh i guess that would be racist because they are n't immigrants .
i 'm a day one global player that has spent 700 mythril searching for a wall relic .
i wo n't even show you my jp account that started during the 1 year anniversary it 's disgusting .
i 'm just saying this is bungie expect the expected .
i would support muzzling as well as a risk mitigation strategy .
unfortunately i do n't really know enough to comment on any facilities that might exist near you but i would suggest as a possibility contacting the aspca or best friends animal society or any other groups you can locate in your area that work with puppy mill survivors rescued fighting dogs and cruelty seizures .
shoot them an email and they may know of any rehabilitation programs facilities in your area that may be able to offer some assistance .
late edit also thank-you for everything you 've done so far .
even if it does n't work out for you it happens do n't feel bad .
you 've already given this dog a better shot at making it then thousands are given every day .
i 'd actually argue since that to take the ritual caster feat you only need to have 13 int or 13 wisdom and not the ability to cast any spells yourself that they do n't really require a power source outside of knowing the ritual and having whatever components are needed for it .
one i love supreme bc of their absurd collabo and accessories ideas..like yes water pistols fuckin raft which i own 2 for the fuck of it salt-n-pepper shakers crowbar a fuckin crowbar all sort of carryable knives and sharp objects airhorn lmao as i write .
hermes-themed ashtrays miles davis cd set i can go on for hours but supreme is in its own world for these kind of accessories .
its almost like they see something on the desk or in garage and say i wish that had a supreme logo on it '' and they make it which is pretty crazy and manufacturing/selling power if you think about it .
two to whom would i stunt my water guns ?
its just there for display i go on a vacay then i bring them and the raft volleyball .
you dont see star wars fanatics bring their lightsabers to school to stunt but to comic cons or whatever the gathering they have .
and its just for my viewing pleasure man i like what i see .
part of your face is covered by a phone its at an angle grainy and in a mirror .
from what i can see you do n't look ugly .
reminds me of the time i plunged head-first into your mother 's vasty deep .
after 4 days and nights without food or water i finally scaled the outer rim heh and escaped barely alive .
honestly no it 's a game mechanic and a proper way to score
if it was general or both i 'd be less worried .
his eyes widen then close happily he holds her close .
i 'm not a huge fan of leds on my mouse so i disabled all the led lighting on my steelseries rival much better without it tbh .
the british governed hong kong better than the chinese are now .
handing it over was a very reluctant process and a lot of hong kong citizens have a very dim view of the chinese government .
this is just one example but the british empire has borne and positively influenced many of the wealthiest and prosperous countries in the world and exported what is widely regarded as the best judicial system to many nations .
it is also responsible for some terrible and heinous crimes particularly in africa .
my original point was to say that when people talk about colonialism they should steer away from making sweeping generalisations because it 's far more complicated .
when you give items to a f2p it does n't matter .
also they have the capability of trading the items you give them .
you could potentially give them something to start trading and eventually they could get a premium gift for themselves .
just went to go see it ... .it was sold out .
i once asked someone holding this view if it would therefore be possible to be racist against a white person in a country where white people are not the dominant race let 's say saudi arabia for example .
they still could n't concede that you could act racistly against a white person even then despite the systems of power being designed to favour those of middle eastern descent instead blaming it on patriarchy '' or simply saying that we ca n't apply the same logic to a different culture .
it just seems like so many people have thrown the baby out with the bathwater wrt the logic of all this .
i often forget to take my meds or i lose them and find them again like this .
i have a pretty significant stash for stuff like this .
if it 's one time i 'm sure you doctor wo n't care .
if it 's frequently they 're going to think you 're dealing .
they 're not popular afaik but the media went crazy when people heard they were for sale in london .
a lot coercion is created by stress as well .
it is not heights it is splattering on the ground that is scary .
or you figure out that being interviewed about your cricket is n't the place to hit on a woman .
hitting on someone in the middle of an interview is fucking stupid as hell but the foaming at the mouth rage response speaks to a larger societal sentiment .
depends on how the call comes in and the information you provide to dispatch .
this has been annoying me for a week or two when full screening the videos on my nexus 7 latest os and youtube update .
think it might have happened on my old lg g2 too .
i wonder how many trump supporters protested bernie or hillary or anybody else .
should 've just fixed this issue for quartz ridge and ns refinery on indar .
i actually have a great and huge biography on nixon that goes very deeply into his presidency and such at home .
i 'll try to remember to get back to you with the title if you 're interested .
even using the curser is dumb when you can just use another tab of reddit .
i have a hard time playin fps or even games like fallout even in third person because i get motion sickness
they are playing the same game but their gripes are varied .
this game is still missing a ton of features and has some issues that people are waiting to get fixed .
that said most of what it does it does well and i look forward to what is planned for it .
alot of people would n't have though twice about it but you setting an example of the right way to handle the situation and not treating hjm like numbers on a sheet restores some faith in humanity .
i guess i misread the second gw bush clue and seem to have skimmed over a few numbers .
she misses high wholesome hobo homilies at least all of the words are words although i still do n't get it sp
i 'm one of those who were ok with the price and pre-ordered but the climate of discussion on this sub was way too toxic for me to comment anywhere especially with all the people from r/all r/pcmr and r/games coming here yesterday .
i 'm sure lots of other regular users here felt the same so we waited till today to have at least somewhat moderate discussions .
3 orihalcum dirk v my 5th already have 3 so it 's an upgrade mat
3 ice rod iv my 4th counting the 2 from the event so this too is an upgrade mat
3 flame mail my 3rd so now i have a nice 3 iv armor with.. ice res ... for ...
4 red jacket vi my 2nd for a decent synergy armor but i already have strong natural 5 synergy in vi
so not a total wash but still 20 mythril and 100 gems for very very little shoulda just saved for upcoming terra banner
i was 'feeling lucky ' and decided to do one more 15 mythril pull
3 gaia rod xii my 3rd but no earthquake ...
5 ... . metal knuckles vii my third of this same terrible no sb not on the banner not even synergy consolation prize shittarded fist weapon
i keep missing out on good things cuz you give me useless fist weapons instead
seriously i have no idea how germans view themselves with regard to wwii .
a columnist for the left-leaning new statesman wrote a tirade about free-speech fundamentalists.
in the past hasan has labeled non-believers cattle '' all the while demanding that muslims are treated with the highest respect and deference .
and if you think this fucking hypocritical god botherer is some kind of fringe lunatic not representative of european liberals you should know that he currently serves as the political editor for the british version of the huffington post .
so hes raising money for the homeless for a limited time and this is a forum that can legit spread word in a tangible way and you 're bitching about seeing news of it too much ?
we spend a ton of time in our cars .
although many long-time manual drivers will insist it 's no less convenient than an automatic they 're wrong .
having an auto means a 100 free hand to eat smoke talk ...
at one point steel was flanking two enemies with the awp and takes forever to shoot and miss .
then after he got shot he claimed he wanted to knife .
you want checks open up the lists and let the general public use them why would n't you ?
even if we could somehow 100 eliminate all illegal uses of guns every murder every suicide every illegal brandishing they would still hate guns .
in their progressive echo chambers they would still look at trayvon martin 's old smiling pre-pubescent snapshot and tell each other that his only crime was loving skittles too much .
and if anyone managed to sneak into their safe space '' and mention the backpack full of stolen jewelry he was caught with the photo of the pistol etc .
they would still be horrified to see responsibly armed citizens openly carrying handguns for self defence .
if they admit that guns make people safer then they have to accept that they are needlessly vulnerable and weak because they choose not to have guns and they hate that .
granlund pominville could n't hit the ocean if he were standing on the damn beach ftfy
the problem is the people it would be fun to roast are not on here ... we are swamped with wet dishclothes clogging the drain pipe and now there is a backup of shit everywhere .
just like in life the ones who should be posting are n't so the second rates step up and try to be twice as loud to compensate .
probably the key combinations shown and used in the tutorial and probably the tutorial was recorded in mac .
especially because i was running gw with 2 reproach and 2 sheer drop and a smite the monterous .
but i also had sower and felidar topping out my curve .
usually i 'm somewhere between bombs and mana fixing lol
btw if u do do the name thing it fits .
how dumb the coming election cycle is or will be .
i swear to god this geico commercial is starting to annoy me .
not sure if it 's just because it 's on so often or because the guy by the microwave is n't gob .
ceo is n't just a fanboy from the looks of it he 's also a bitch .
i 've decided to take my art a lot more seriously recently .
if you want some resources for learning i 'd be happy to show you some .
if you do n't mind me asking you could answer in a pm if you are n't comfortable revealing here how old are you ?
we won it for ghost so he can rise like a phoenix and crush our opponents specifically the pens fuck the pens
kissxsis is prob hands down the funniest show i have ever watched .
amagi brilliant park was also great the jokes never got old
well let me show you how i look then to give you a reference .
some might call me a womanizer '' so do n't be alarmed if you are less handsome and/or less beautiful than me that 's perfectly normal .
personally i disagree with people requesting special treatment for being in the military .
unless you were drafted joining up was most likely your choice and i know there are people forced into it and instead of going to school you wanted to serve your country '' in a war you do n't even understand because you did n't pay attention to shit in high school .
and i 'm not saying all soldiers are stupid i know some smart ones and i go to school with vets .
but of the people i went to high school with that enlisted they were all assholes with bad grades and bad attitudes .
it 's just not right for people 's tax money to fund the soldiers while they 're on duty then fund their schooling and then fund their lives when they get va benefits .
it 's a choice that you make and you 're choosing to join one of the most corrupt divisions of power this country has rather than go to school because you either got awful grades and nearly flunked out with no hope for college or you do n't know what you want to do with your life so instead you join the military .
no you should n't be able to own an rpg.. automatic rifles are already legal you have to go through the nfa though .
i do n't even know why you asked that .
i think it 's great he 's trying to make the show his own and he should .
i 'm just weary about the changes that are being made .
i would say wand as this advances your magic level which in turn increases your damage .
you can very well also use a sword when you are lower level this is mostly done when you want to make some profit and not waste generally mages tend to waste .
technically wand plus the strike spell is good enough early game .
you can start using the aoe runes but make sure you are making it worth it and hunting in places you can run a bunch of creatures at the same time .
technically sd is the end game rune still as it has the highest single target dmg .
it 's not advised to use it on monsters as the price per sd is high unless you got cash to blow and wanted to use it to try to powelevel sding stronger creates at like level 50 with magic shield dls perhaps .
if you have any other questions let me know .
yeah i was thinking about how many people signed this due to their concerns of what this would do to their property value .
so ... not interested in defending your stance just going to drop it as an irreconcilable difference ?
i played mech4 and some of the closed beta .
game is mechwarrior so if you like mechwarrior then you should hop on and play some rounds .
she applied for an african-american only '' scholarship for college and got it .
you need to be honest with him about his attitude or lack of it .
and need to be able to communicate how he makes you feel .
because you need to have a good professional bond with him .
this ca n't be completed if you feel inadequate .
it 's easy to forget that all spaceships are made of jell-o .
to deflate there is a valve that i squeeze .
i squeeze my penis and it pretty much sends the fluid right back to the reservoir .
if i was going to include belfour i 'd put him ahead of roy but i think some chucklefuck in an avs jersey might show up at my house and murder me .
yes all isps talk in terms of mbps all lowercase .
if they 're talking about speed downloading then it 's impossible for 24mbps to be faster than 60mbps .
does n't matter if it 's fiber or cable .
however if you did a lot of uploading cloud backups torrenting etc then the 60mbps upload will be faster than 10mbps upload .
however most people judge their isp by the download speed .
for online gaming fiber can be better not necessarily faster than cable as there is often less lag .
well i 'm 28 and in my entire life i 've crushed on like 4 people .
it always really surprises me when it happens and between them there is n't a physical type .
i guess i can identify some personality traits when i think about it ...
point is if it is n't happening for you yet it is n't a problem .
it 's not that your standards are too high or that you 're not good enough for them or anything like that you just have n't met the right person yet .
but when you do meet her you 'd better make sure you put your best foot forward to help you both realise that .
make sure you look and smell nice and do n't come across all desperate and needy make her feel like you 're interested in her and not just the idea of someone .
i always thought about asking them to hang out more but i dont know if that would come across as weird or clingy .
but you 'll probably just come across as a cool guy who 's brave enough to ask for help .
just try your best and do n't be a downer .
because robots will put those kids out of a job .
i personally think boiled chicken is alright but that might be because there 's always soy sauce at home .
granted the stuff on the plate also looks cold and cold chicken tends to be not that great .
well i mean you 're saying the guy has said things you already know .
the guy is clearly posting a genuine opinion of the game on a relative subreddit what 's the issue ?
well if you 're already putting it on anyway during that time might as well snap a few pictures !
if you look on the ship stats page https robertsspaceindustries.com/pledge/ships/carrack/carrack holo-viewer you can see that the carrack comes with two size 4 manned and two size 4 unmanned turrets no missiles and a max shield size 7 .
while i ca n't complain about the shields the weapons are a bit lacking for a military ship .
honestly the constellation andromeda https robertsspaceindustries.com/pledge/ships/rsi-constellation/constellation-andromeda with four size 4 gimbal mounts two size 4 manned turrets 28 size 1 missiles 20 size 2 missiles and a max shield size 6 looks like it could own the carrack in a 1v1 .
as it currently is the carrack seems to be geared only toward exploration .
it 's weapons are lacking when compared to a ship that should be considered a multi-role non military ship .
i think it will end up as a pretty descent if not awesome exploration vessel but the should also make a military varient as well .
i mean the civilian carrak may even just be a stripped down military version .
who 's to say they just would n't sell the military version because it was too lethal or something .
all we can do now is wait and see how it ends up .
they make them up to 1/2 '' long just so you know .
well said sad to see someone i used to enjoy in 2012/2013 turn into this .
well i mean he 's an ahl all star that 's how
when did we change from the original scumbag stacy and why ?
i 'm a entirely classical person now sometimes even listen to opera xd
thank you for that kind word best wishes to you guys !
yet she able to get a company that has never been a sponsor in nascar before to not only get involved but to invest heavily into her and her team .
the amount of exposure for her is still way above a lot of other drivers and probably always will be during her racing career .
good looking out my man do n't let them breadfish my fred fish
my point is that if you do n't want to have sex with your partner ever then you 're just friends who share a bed and bills .
you ca n't be interested in beer without being a beer snob and if you dare to say that one beer taste different than another ?
idiot just admited to being whimsical and capricous and having limited cognitive abilities and comprehension .
he also has no fucking clue what the word science means .
is there a rule about showing far far too much cleavage ?
i was hoping we 'd be able to have graphs added to the victory scoreboard but instead its just gone
basic human rights have literally nothing to do with marriage .
this is n't about denying people water or something .
there should be a way to appeal without needing to hire a lawyer .
does the letter you received say anything about that ?
i started a few gdt ago and they seem to be well received
pick all filter flagged x for reject delete rejects .
as crazy as it sounds discussing politics is a good way to unwind .
they are going to die soon and i really want them and the mao slide to have a proper chinaball not just a ghost .
also pretty much all of the super important ones have been drawn so china should have the next one .
there 's no erosion of gun rights extended background checks were albeit reactionary something that ca n't harm any lawful gun owners .
i have a very hard time believing trump would take the nation to a better place in the global scheme of things .
shutting our borders might sound great but we are a globalized country and rather than eschewing other countries ' influence we should embrace and grow with it such that evils like terrorism can be eradicated or at least controlled on a wider scale .
i understand that but like i 'm asking why it 's important that an average be used .
one advantage is that you instantly know what you 're looking at is money and not a random number .
that might sound pointless but it can be useful for example when looking at a document that talks about both the quantity and value of something .
i kinda envisioned this to be a way to show the tradeskill cards as a burrow dynamic like spare parts are for putting cards in-hand .
they 're not intended to synergize '' ... per se ... just be bonuses .
what a great series of passes at the end there .
the whole third period plus overtime was some stressful fucking hockey .
always happy to see mase make some killer saves too .
that sounds like a defense mechanism response by rose haha .
the question inferring that he is old at all .
i agree that considering his history you have reason to not want him to engage in these activities .
i had heard a rumour that they were considering it but i do n't know how likely it is .
the banjo series is still my favourite couple of n64 games .
could we use the shirou one from the carnival phantasm opening .
it 's like it was created to be a comment face .
they said that it would n't be at e3 .
and yet people thought ha ha silly nintendo we 're on to you lol '' .
why people were upset when it was n't at e3 is lost to me .
edit matter of fact they never said it would be at e3 so how you got that idea is confusing me .
coconut candy ... best things i can equate it to would be a fainter version of coco lopez canned coconut cream after its chilled or the slightly less sweet white side of one of these http media.candystore.com/catalog/product/cache/1/image/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/k/e/key-lime-pie-bulk-candy-5lb_2.jpg
it 's sweet slightly waxy slightly creamy a bit less complex than coconut extra or fa or flv coconut
i 'll watch the end of a game between two teams i do n't even care about if it looks like it 's going to ot .
which is fair enough but i think we need to teach guys to deposit in a sperm bank and get a vasectomy at age 18 .
where i 'm from all the loud people are popular can i move to your town
when i go eat tacos the cook does n't keep track of how many you 've eaten he just asks you when your finished .
i could easily tell him i had 3 and a coca cola instead of 7 1 coke and 1 lemonade .
if someone is carrying in a concealed manner no .
if someone is openly carrying then yes that has the potential for the moment to escalate to undesirable ends .
however the mere possession of a gun if by licensing and responsible ownership no .
why is it folks seem to assume so readily that people who carry are the john wayne type .
anyone who flagrantly waves a firearm around is doing it wrong .
do please share an example where a legally carrying individual 's firearm went off without premeditation or accident .
guns do n't just go off you do n't trip and fall and suddenly someone is bleeding profusely from a sucking chest wound .
plastic is a lot more advanced than metal and stone .
a lot of these idiots are saying he is a flat out bad director which anyone with half a brain knows is not true he just needs to put out better original films to be among the greats .
seems like you 'll run out of latias when it 's my turn .
i 'll get my zorua out of the gts now .
the unfortunate truth is that the larger market does n't care about replacing or upgrading components .
apple is fine losing you guys as customers while picking up more people that think damn that 's thin ''
they brought that up in i believe the third book .
well yeah man the only reason lactase persistence which is the trait that appears lactose intolerance is not the trait that disappears it is the normal state of a human being historically is so prevalent in europe is that everybody who could n't eat milk butter and cheese starved to death .
i 'm a substitute teacher and i can totally picture this .
all you really have the unsheathe overhead into sideswing/backswing infinite combo .
unfortunately you 've got pretty pathetic motion values so going solo will be pretty tedious .
i still have remember the struggle of trying guild four horns with the eager cleaver .
as for armor skills just go with sharpness+1 as a priority .
there are n't as many skills to choose from and they are n't nearly as effective as they can be now so just grab whatever you want .
i was able to change my appleid email from my old hotmail to my gmail a few months back the option is buried in appleid settings linked above .
just do n't act on it or meditate on it and it 'll go away with time .
you have to be very lucky even if they are skilled to hit were you want especially under pressure .
unless the person is dangerously close to you you 're not really going to be aiming other than in their general direction .
they will all more or less have the same oc potential .
the only real difference here is the after market care and coolers .
there is a program that scans and modifies your registry for this .
the 64 bit client is a piece of shit and only uses 1 core anyway .
even with my gtx 980ti with an i7 on 64bit os i still use the 32bit client .
you 'll be amazed how much better it is .
the mom looked kinda mediterranean/white to me but i could be wrong too haha
90 percent of the tr were on that lattice and vs had 78 percent pop in that hex .
i feel like so many of these phrases could be easily mistaken .
i 've had one or two times in my life where i read a phrase for so long and heard a spoken phrase for a long time as well and eventually realized they were the same phrase though i realized they had roughly the same meaning .
the words in the book did n't really match the pronunciation or something .
eventually it clicks and you feel like a moron .
arguing with someone about it would make me feel dumb though .
benefits blue cross pacific coverage of majority of extended health and dental for spouse and family .
limits of 500 per family for things like chiro physio massage therapy counselling etc .
pension contributions which employer contributes around 115 of what you are .
in relation to salaries the public sector salary survey by the vancouver sun is also good .
why yes my fellow rockets fan i would say that melo is a top ten player .
would you also say that melo is a top ten player ?
our dreams for an announcement of a new game are crushed .
oh almost forgot this tpc uploaded a preview of the new pokenchi episode for this sunday where they said something will be announced this sunday .
you could pick names based off of appearances like snow '' or off of personality like sparky '' if she 's energetic .
or maybe just pick a name that you think is cool like astrid '' .
please pm me i 'd love to send a fellow floridian a birthday card .
i 've always wanted to go there but luckily have a friend there who will mail me the sauce now and then .
i almost did n't respond to this because i was ignoring you .
but i decided to say something anyways so i could tell you how ashamed you should be for wasting my time with your post .
if you are humiliated and want more ignoring from me pm me ... dunce .
well there a few of us peach mains who would be interested in a part 2 or 3 p
so i should deny services to people in need because they endorsed a candidate ?
hell most movie theaters have been slow to transition to 4k and digital imax is just now starting to make the transition to 4k as well contrary to popular belief digital imax is only projected in 2k today outside of the new laser imax systems .
most people would see more of an improvement in video quality at home from properly calibrating their current tvs then they would from moving to a 4k set .
yes we 're just awash in rpgs and automatic weaponry here why i have to call in suppressive fire from my neighbor 's backyard artillery battery just to walk to the mailbox .
if you clearly demonstrate that you do n't understand a subject do n't be surprised when no one takes your opinion on it seriously .
he 's probably out there having fun wagging his tail ...
mack switched sides for the 4th sack then came back for the 5th .
what confused me was that they said what you 'll need to bring with you '' as opposed to what you have to have on hand .
that 's not how it works you fucking idiot .
but by how you type i can tell you 're not too bright .
i do however believe that culture shock could have played a large part here not that it in anyway justifys what went on but could provide insight as to why this happened and allow the people to readjust the way these people are introduced to society .
it might be the new heavyweight champion at packing in layers and layers of jokes .
i guess weak is a hyperbolic way to say it but while i agree with him in that war should be a last resort america is still scared and angry .
between russia china and isis a lot of americans want boots on the ground drones in the air and missiles falling on the enemy .
which sanders is very much against if there is a diplomatic solution potentially
just to be clear i 've only benchmarked the two with php .
that said i 've done a lot of benchmarking on the both of them for wordpress related build automation for the hosting provider i work for .
out of the box apache and nginx serve the same amount of requests per second around 3-4 depending on the size of your server incredibly poor performance .
but then you start adding various forms of caching and this number easily goes up to 60-120 rps on a small server .
all of the caching and optimization tuning equal i can get nginx to perform about 10-20 higher than apache .
also be extremely wary of benchmarks online most people will use apachebench and will perform the tests again http domain instead of http www. domain what that means is the benchmark is done against the 301 redirect and not the full page load so you get artificially inflated results much much higher than they should be .
you can use a verbose flag on apachebench to see the output of the page you 're benchmarking against that not many people know to use this will ensure you 're benchmarking properly .
omg there was an as seen on tv product that looked like a hand held canopener designed just for those packages !
bet youll never guess what kind of packaging it came in ... ..
this food is so cheap and sounds so good oh my god .
me yeah i actually had a job offer from the nsa .
aw yes was waiting for someone to post this .
sodapoppin probably feels that way about everyone he comes in contact with .
i was mainly considering the heal portion of the talent .
but even though it is n't needed it 's the best talent to use since you ca n't get enough damage out of hotw for it to be worth using on pull .
actually yeah i 've only had a couple matches but there 's two other guys in ib who are really into it .
not a bad place to call home i 'd say
there 's plenty of information on google and wiki and youtube
the way i 've always said and heard it said is 8 and 2 colorless '' or 2 and 2 blue '' or 1 and 3 red '' etc
generally if a number is n't followed by a color or colorless it 's understood to be generic .
and when it comes to mana produced by lands if it can produce both colorless and colored a la painlands tapping it and add 1 '' would be understood to be adding one colorless since nothing produces generic mana . ''
you think it would but i suspect a lot of the people who are bitching about it probably would n't believe a condition like that .
they 'd probably think she 's making it up or something .
there 's tons of conditions out there that people do n't believe in just because it 's not common or has no outward signs or whatever .
it 's like they 're afraid to even look it up and be proven wrong .
in your case i would run zoro so he gets boosted as a slasher .
there is a different team build for apoo but i do n't remember the required cd .
i think your best option would be to create the background colours you want as an image and set it as the backgroundf or the sheet .
you can then set all cells on the sheet to be filled with colour white or black or grey for the table and the ones in the table to have no-fill so the background comes through .
warning though you will probably have a fair bit of trial and error getting the cells and the background lined up to get the exact same table lay-out .
he can go fuck himself with a railroad tie .
if it 's the front header inputs on the desktop make sure that 's hooked up correct since the gpu sound works it sounds like a hardware issue .
if it 's the front header and the back inputs than that 's odd .
with both not working it makes me think either windows re-install faulty default driver try uninstalling any and all audio drivers and then install the new one or some odd hardware issue .
except its a huge reason why csgo is so popular now .
if you think they 're reversing the skins economy and how it works then you 're deluded .
i did the first 3 as audio and then switched to book for 4 .
i really could n't get past the narrator i get attached to voices .
like if any of the books in wheel of time did n't have michael kate reading them i might not have made it through .
i was actually surprised on how much more i picked up reading it myself and developing my own imaginary tones for each character .
i would definitely recommend reading it yourself i had a great time with that book .
if they keep 5-manning they wo n't even reach level 12 so soon .
does the 250 price tag include everything you need to get going or did you have to buy any additional accessories ?
i 'd imagine clicking a link is too difficult for you as well so here .
you shall not be able to start the quest without having all requirements .
i have to tell them i 'm going to take hormones before i start with it .
that 's suuuuuper shitty ... wpath suggests including family members in the discussion for sake of examining strain on relationships etc .
they definitely do n't specify hey you have to out your patient to their entire family before hrt '' .
it does however say it is important for mental health professionals to recognize that decisions about hormones are
the criteria for hrt via informed consent from a sane provider are fairly unobtrusive ...
capacity to make a fully informed decision and to consent for treatment yep .
age of majority in a given country if younger follow the soc outlined in section vi mmhmmm..
if significant medical or mental health concerns are present they must be reasonably well controlled .
depending on where you live it 's entirely possible that there 's an informed consent clinic or trans-friendly doctor .
but how can he live if theyres no sound in space ''
sprinkle it on your eggs with a little bit of cayenne really makes it something special .
you can use it basically any time you 're cooking meat just do n't overdo it .
too much ruins the dish a little sprinkle makes basically anything savory better .
well for now i 'm just trying to burn time in lobby for games .
but who knows i may really like it thanks for the recommendation !
the force of gravity is not the same thing as falling . ''
guy claimed to be an electrical engineer who had worked at apple and google . ''
was noticing that on my little dude the other day what 's up with that ?
yeah lol the thing is in my head it went something like
a quality time piece might happen to be lost to it 's own namesake !
an aptly placed individual whom could n't possibly not be the subject of our mutual sympathetic misfortune meanders over yonder .
i suggest we might offer our assistance in such dubious times as these tally ho !
fine sir a gentleman of fine craftsmanship such as yourself clearly fumbled his fob .
thine assumption of a regretful dilly dallying to which there lends quite a potential for explanation also lends itself to presentation of the solution .
marvel at our entwined coincidental causality as we present your lost time keeper in a swift fashion .
such a worthy honor is to be had at our expense that i would be inclined to deny your forth coming gratitude .
yes that 's a point but if you think it through than bitcoin already has failed .
unlike bitmessage bitcoin is not just '' sorry you know what i mean code it 's a storage of value and as such it needs to be connected to other storages of value like fiat money .
and the channels that do this can be easily prohibit .
also it 's maybe not possible for one single jurisdictation to prohibit it .
but with an worldwide ban it would suffer from heavily declining use cases and users and would help the citizen to protect against their government far less that it does today .
unfortunately your account does not have enough karma to submit things to r/videos at this time .
r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link and 10 comment karma .
we suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
while that may be true that does n't take away from the need of more communication on his part .
i highly recommend sitting down outside of your roles where nothing either says will cause a punishment and where you both keep level heads to discuss what is working and what needs help .
you need to talk on a level ground with each other about this .
when i was young i once said penguins had scales because they swimmed never saw them fly so ...
looking at pictures i could n't see anything similar to feathers ...
as a country we have n't properly region-locked first names so it 's indeed possible to give a south-holland-born baby a frysian name .
the south hollanders probably learned of the name by traveling or migrated frysians or perhaps one of the parents was from fryslan originally .
jelle sounds definitely frysian to my amsterdam-ears like all males named 'anne ' .
put away your intro to argumentation textbook already bro nobody cares .
i 've never seen hawaii being that much off .
scrolling down her entire history in the x program is there to see
the amount of shit you 've seen and you 're still skeptical ?
mm it 's 3:35 in the morning what am i doing to myself
so in a sense we have sonic free riders to thank for that god awful nla track ?
my fil said something a couple weeks ago along the lines of i had a feeling it was going to be a boy . ''
i wanted a little girl so badly and before the gender scan he was talking about how he thought it was going to be a girl .
im sorry ... it can be really hard ... my 6 year relationship/engagement ended a few months ago good terms and all but what we each wanted/needed for ourselves was just not compatible anymore and rather than cause more pain or worse for us to start resenting one another ... . there have been hard nights but it was a good relationship for both of us and we both evolved a lot thanks to it etc so i think that might be the way to look at it ?
like ... it was valuable regardless of what happens from here on out .
but you need to really examine how the future would play out and kinda make the judgment call in terms of what would cause the least amount of pain ...
edit but you will come out of this strong regardless of what happens whats life without the spectrum or is the plural spectra ?
you ca n't see it but the game tracks milliseconds .
an actual tie in a time-based outcome would be nearly impossible .
i 'm so liberal except for the fact that i agree with conservatives on every meaningful issue !
as reporting the turkish paper milliyet '' http futbol.as.com/futbol/2016/01/07/primera/1452203104_127051.html says that galatasaray will offer 39m€ for saúl óliver and carrasco carrasco 15 óliver 14 and saúl 10 .
of course i doubt atleti would accept that but i wonder if any turkish user here could talk about how serious/reliable is that paper .
what about being a guy prevents you from having this exact experience ?
i 'd love to be tied up blindfolded and used by a group of unknown women and men but you could skip that part .
i think i like the idea of doing that for him though .
but that probably wont be viable cause it will work on warrior only
yeah you can claim freeze mage and druid but druid does n't ever have much armor and freeze mage has 2 armor cards
if acidic swamp ooze doesnt see tons of play except warlock and the occasional priest and that card work a lot better vs 3 classes a fuck armor card will never see play ''
still will probably be a mechanic at one point but just not a good one
no human beings namely men put into an army fighting to the death with an enemy fully dehumanized in their minds .
history is chock full of savages '' doing this kind of thing all the time .
given the right circumstances you 'd probably do the same thing including cannibalism .
rather than slowly starve to death you would eat that flesh because hey it 's the enemy who is beneath me and hey he 's dead already might as well put that protein and fat for my survival .
tbh i think it is equally embarrassing that players still do n't adapt to rengar at all .
there are round about 5 point 5 fucking k topics about how to handle a fed rengar as adc '' and 5.4k of those recommend building an hourglass .
but nooo you cant its an ap item and it doesnt grant you damage ! ! !
when i play rengar in 99.999 of my games no-one does it .
they opt '' for their build they played the past 20 games .
zed players do n't build a qss vs rengar cause his cc is n't that good '' .
its like you are playing an ad version of lb .
happens in 1/200 games that midlaners actually build a no damage item first cause you need damage .
so many people in this game absolutely dont understand the concept that a defensive item is also an offensive item since you survive longer to deal damage .
but nope i want high numbers on my spells/auto attacks .
asides that at least in plat/dia most teams understood how to fuck rengar .
they start grouping early and asap they see the ! ''
no i am not talking about running as 5 over a lane '' i mean they start a fucking mosh pit where you ca n't target anyone properly as rengar .
that is how you have to play vs him and i.e .
but well rengar is only around since 2-3 years .
there is no way to figure out a counterplay to him .
i am looking forward for the reddit hate on talon and basically each and every ad champion if riot really wants to release their assassin item '' to help k6 cough .
i am also looking forward for the rengar nerfs '' or his 10th rework '' to figure out another way to kill the stupid adcs and apcs who refuse to build anything asides from damage .
edit looking forward for those down votes and pns filled with hate only took reddit 2 minutes for that .
edit 2 yeah an over all 51 win rate is way to broken for this game .
this should be top priority for riot to fix .
he needs his 48 back from preseason start ! !
i employ people in perth at a reasonable rate for difficult outdoor manual labour .
it 's hard enough getting decent laborers here without expecting them to travel to rural areas .
you clearly do n't really understand the logistics and difficulty of being a seasonal worker
i do which is why i wo n't sign up for it either .
i am just as lazy as the aussie workers that wo n't pick fruit either unless there is some serious coin in it .
i used to get 80k a year for sitting in an air conditioned security hut why would i pick fruit ?
you seem to agree that there is no easy solution .
growers ca n't raise their wages to meet aussie workers expectation and still make a profit .
atleast they lived a long life and died of old age .
these were the best photos i could take with my iphone and a little novelty magnifying glass .
i watched the cardinals-seahawks and steelers-seahawks games in for the same reason you did op .
palmer was successful passing it deep and the cardinals defense stopped the seahawks enough so that the cardinal offense came out on top .
cardinals played well on special teams and lockett did n't get any notable punt returns .
they also stopped the run fairly effectively and since the seahawks were behind most of the game they could expect them to pass most of the time .
carson palmer fumbled it 2 times in which the seahawks recovered and scored a touchdown but wilson was intercepted once as well .
the steelers also had a very effective deep passing attack .
the steelers were also good at getting pressure on wilson which is a great way to kill his effectiveness .
one of the reasons i think the steelers lost is because they often gave up long returns to lockett which set the seahawks up for good field position on every drive .
also roethlisberger threw 2 interception this game and the seahawks did not have a turnover if i recall correctly .
i think a deep passing attack will be very helpful in this game .
this is the most nervous part for me because teddy is n't very accurate on deeper throws .
i rewatched the rams-vikings game and noticed that there were multiple throws in which wr 's were open but teddy overthrew them .
we could have won that game by a couple touchdowns more than 21-18 .
getting pressure on wilson is very important as well because wilson is very good at passing and running .
if he gives the seahawks good field position they will probably put up a lot of points .
mainly i think our d-line has to play well to stop the run and pressure wilson and i think our o-line has to play well to give teddy time to throw and help peterson with running .
we also have one of the highest costs of living on the planet .
you ca n't just compare the income and go see '' .
i think gundogan bale and hazard would be an amazing transfer window for us .
morning folks this time i 'm writing after completing my commute !
after dropping some shirts to be cleaned and pressed at my dry cleaner 's next to whitechapel station i got on the district line .
one person was looking as if he wanted to get off the tube but just stood there staring at me .
the announcer at aldgate east was surprisingly pleasant with his 'welcome to aldgate east station ' .
around cannon street i realized i was contaminating the tube by being happy but i could not help it !
i do apologize for ruining your commute with my silent happiness .
please add it to your post and reply with 'done ' after you have done so .
i will automatically approve your post next time my server allows me to !
i tried posting here but got no response so i wanted to see if you found someone to send it .
we are dealing with one piece of legislation/action it does n't really matter what the end goal is when you are considering one thing .
if you 're not looking forward to the possible effects of something that you 're doing you 're doing it wrong .
hey there looks like you 're submitting from a new account !
r/gaybros does not allow throwaway accounts or brand new accounts to submit content .
if you 're a new user why do n't you try commenting on some posts already on gaybros or other subreddits that interest you first ?
as a reminder please read the rules for posting in gaybros .
if you 're looking for a general lgbt sub try r/ainbow .
we look forward to having you around as an active contributor on gaybros !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gaybros if you have any questions or concerns .
indeed most if not all people i know who moved abroad did it because it is much easier as a young educated person to find jobs down on the continent and elsewhere .
you 're going to need to be a lot more specific about what you 're looking for and what your interests are if you want any worthwhile answers .
a general must see places '' can be easily found by through a google search or using this subreddit 's search bar .
it did n't rio you off it gives you obe and it does the cash out '' option for the others
hmmm ... . its almost the same lenght as porn star ron jeremy and yes that is way above average .
as your sexual partner you can always ask to be sure u might be measuring '' wrong .
also the penis can be too long and too short for women but that differentiates from women to women .
you 're right we should be balancing the game for people with dozens of max-level dinos ... .
the whole point of reaching the end-game is that you 're a powerful badass and you spent months building up and getting owned by large predators until you got to turn the tables and be that predator yourself .
now you have to carefully take your massive high-level dino out for a few minutes and then run home because it 's injured after fighting a few low-level non-alpha dinos .
i 'm sure in my head they sold 49 to one of the majors which i thought was sony at one point ?
you have to pay for shipping if you order over 100 of them .
it goes from 99 cents to like 200 dollars .
that 's 5 more minutes the majority of the team will be spending trying to convince the last guy to vote yes '' until the old 20 minute time cap .
promotes negative attitudes in games because now instead of ggafk20minff now it 's ggtryff 15 ifhesaysnoafk5moreminutes
i 've seen people in lvl 49 dungeons wearing lvl 15 gear .
vote abandon restart with a fresh group hope the tank is n't derpy there are a lot of them if my late night df runs are any indication .
right any best creature '' and any type of good mana fixing is fuel to the fire because the fire is already burning pretty well .
to me the bigger problem is my vision is n't distorted but my mom made me obsessed with inequality and sometimes life is n't fair .
you 'd think he 'd be more mellow and less whiny with all that weed .
hell i have tons of student loan debt and the weed is all that keeps me from flying into a panic attack every time i think about it .
but i should be able to finish it today .
posts a private issue that 's bound to stir up drama on a server subreddit
the quote he was replying to is outdated anyway and not empirically correct .
he was just showing how foolish the quote is .
full source video if you 've got a couple minutes .
yes very much the ground shakes but the air is only very slightly affected and not to an extent that would affect an aircraft .
the affect on the air is significantly less than would be seen during regular in-flight turbulence .
in fact there are several aircraft which have landed during an earthquake during the tokyo 2011 quake one aircraft had just touched down and another was below the point at which it could safely abort the landing both landed and completed their landing run safely if uncomfortably .
the earth shaking is n't pleasant but even at it 's absolute worst it only '' moves a metre or two .
while this is n't ideal for an aircraft they 're landing at 130mph 60 metres per second anyway and often moving sideways by 1-2 metres per second too .
in short there 's virtually no danger during an earthquake to an aircraft and it 's safer than being on the ground .
even if you were on the ground though an aircraft would be a very safe place to be airplanes are generally parked out in the open in the middle of the ramp/apron with nothing to fall on them .
the plane itself is very structurally strong and is designed to handle the movement of turbulence .
in short it 's one of the safest places you could be .
my only issue with reigns it 's him being booked as an underdog the same thing as john cena .
if you are going to have the rock vs. reigns or reigns vs. lesnar ii make it about how they are two unstoppable monsters .
roman reigns should no more be booked as the underdog .
if they have specs for device they generally get the drivers .
most companies do n't provide the specs and they write their own crappy version of drivers which are generally not accepted by main tree for quality reasons .
i am not saying there are not some crappy drivers in main tree but getting a new crappy driver in there is much harder for a while now .
not that getting a crappy driver is ever a good idea .
if the boss is insulted at the idea of being a fanboy ... maybe he should n't be a fanboy ?
sounds good but there readme is so poor one ca n't understand what this tool is supposed to do .
you look like the smell of week old gym sock .
there is you ca n't join another online match for 15 minutes after leaving if the team does n't forfeit .
i 'm not sure you realise how fucked up syria is .
sorry for the late reply mostly using it on park bike tracks but sometimes off the track into bushland .
first one who gets to it can use it to brain anyone trying to get past them .
i actually read castaneda 's first couple of books when i was younger .
i knew he ended up starting some sort of weird sex cult but did n't realize the extent of it .
here 's an article http www.salon.com/2007/04/12/castaneda that goes into greater detail .
i 'm surprised this was never a bigger deal considering the guy sold tens of millions of copies of his books all of which are still in print nearly half a century after the first one came out .
i love putting a smile on their face as life slips from their eyes .
i have n't missed a day of work in 30 years .
their boundless and fertile minds pluck genius from the ether and birth wild companions minute by minute .
my front porch faces their world and on warm days i will sit for hours watching the seamless friendship of innocence and imagination hopscotch across blacktops and pantomime splendid adventure tirelessly .
sometimes i make a familiar face an old friend i 'd watched from afar .
i remind myself of this each time i explain them away .
because my job is swift and kind i am simply the last friend they make and i am as real as they are .
i use a dell xps-13 ultrabook running the latest ubuntu with xubuntu desktop 1.0 .
i do n't use apple and only use windows when required to for work preferably no later that w7 .
i do n't use unity and would only consider it if it had a menu system .
there are manufacturers of linux systems such as system 76 .
i think i played all day yesterday so i have some hours in now .
there 's a lot of situations in which i would have been fucked without it .
he has one called cold as the clay that is incredible .
it 's a great great album that i like every bit as much as br 's albums .
from the looks of the picture my best guess is this is around a freeway or underpass .
i cant pvp for shit but i can pve great and recently bought a 40m sp toon and am saving up for a 100m toon .
i will be out there scaring noobs as a paper tiger
died at hush with a fresh guppy but fun daily .
at least with provi you had pvp at your doorstep 24 hours a day 7 days a week the only issue is isking up was a pain and the bloody wardecs !
if you look deep enough everything is a dank fish meme
everyone gets injured before royal rumble and the winner of this royal rumble will be decided by karaoke tournament .
and its the time for one man rock band to shine baybay .
i remember watching his stream one day where they were scrimming and afterwards everybody just did their thing but ocelote called him on skype to go through the scrim with him giving tips analysing wickd 's play and wickd was just like whatever the whole time .
i even felt a little bad for oce he was really trying lol
he was streaming the whole time through it i think it was quite common in the early days .
afterwards he fired up battlefield 3 which was recently released at the time and just played some of that .
he even got recognized by a player on his team who asked him if he was the real wickd
honestly if the economy slumps and the market crashes almost nothing does well '' .
just look at what happened to every single one of the stocks you mentioned in 2008/2009 .
and prada has even been doing horribly in the last few 'good ' years .
wmt is the obvious choice here and they did actually do quite okay during the last crisis .
life is strange railroad it 's basically made to be a phone wallpaper .
you can actually do swimming movements it just takes forever
this seems to have occurred because it is not a direct link to a single image .
we require links to be of the form http imgur.com/mh6h9ek .jpg
if you are using res it automatically fills in .jpg when you look at the link but most of the time it actually is n't there .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/photoshopbattles if you have any questions or concerns .
if the third party had opened your phone your phone was out of warranty
but my understanding of fur vs leather is that animals are killed specifically for furs while leather is a byproduct of the food industry .
kill a cow for beef and use its hide for leather .
hence why most leathers are from cows lamb or goat and not other mammals .
although we all know there are alligator snake and ostrich skin goods for a price .
still i agree that vintage furs are not the same as modern ones the damage was done a long time ago .
too bad it fits her 4'10 '' body perfectly .
if it did n't end at mid-forearm i 'd let her pass it down to me in a hot second .
in doing more reading this morning i 've read that 1 some leather is a co-product of the meat industry where farmers will try to get every dollar they can out of an animal and that 2 in some places such as india leather is made from cows who are too old or ill to be used for meat and killed just for leather .
i 've also seen some sources saying that leather is worse for the environment and humans than fur as the tanning and dyeing of leather is incredibly toxic and most of this work is being moved to india or china who have more lax environmental standards .
definitely worth learning more about if you 're so inclined .
menovader is a line they produce with small and cute red lightsabers .
me and david bowie are going to the pub later i wonder if he wants to join .
i think that ability to turn off emotions in a crisis is something of an innate thing .
i have done it since i was really young too .
that ability and compassion are i think the things that drive people into jobs such as firefighter and paramedic .
i know this was a tv show not a movie but heheh https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=giobi1adls4
ahh yes the paper airplane endlessly going around in circles is a metaphor for the lack of direction in life ... ... wait what ?
default windows 10 because i 'm too lazy to change it
good job but damit now i want to know this pictures backstory ...
right at the 5:10 mark the video skips a little .
i assume they gave her air then resealed her .
you downgrade with kloader which can run unsigned code on a userland level .
there are actually so much you can do with kloader at a low level including verbose boot and even dual booting .
also from personal experience i have always had success with odysseus .
i downgraded to 8.3 on my 4s with blobs and re-restore a 7.1.2 device by dumping onboard blobs and of course downgraded one of my 4s 's to 6.1.3 by fetching ota blobs .
could you give more detail about why you did n't like the new mac lipsticks ?
i think i put too much emphasis on the sex in my original post the lack of sex is an issue that i should work on but my main problem is that he feels that he has free access to my body .
we are two separate human beings and if i ask him to stop he should stop out of respect .
similarly when i go overboard on stroking his ears they are so soft !
he will tell me to stop which is fine because why should i be allowed to aggravate parts of his body just because it makes me feel good ?
for mark stroking me down there is not about trying to turn me on or initiate sex .
so it was stupid of him to bring up 'but what about our sex life ' when he knows damned well that this was nothing to do with sex it 's about respecting each other .
because the thing that bites people in the ass when they climb on a supersport without any riding experience is the brakes .
the stopping power they have is unlike anything you can imagine and it comes on more violently than you can conceive if you just honk down on the lever .
it 's extremely easy to send yourself over the handlebars if you do n't know what you 're doing .
dirt bike experience teaches you a lot about braking .
dirt bikes have very little braking power but on the dirt you have very little traction .
you learn how to be gentle you learn when to be rough you learn what it feels like when a front wheel slide is coming on you learn that a front wheel slide can be controlled after you learn the hard way that it 's something you generally want to avoid anyway .
without this finely-tuned appreciation of braking you are very likely to hurt yourself on a super sport .
it would be much better for you to start riding on a drz400sm .
they are n't as sexy as a cbr but they are a lot more forgiving and to be honest a whole lot more fun .
in my area the guys who are too old to fold themselves up on a supersport ride drzs and they have just as much fun anyway .
it 's more fun to ride a slow bike fast than to ride a fast bike slow .
it may seem automatic ... but a lot is going on ...
internally that 's a red light up there ... clutch in and roll ?
brake ? ... some combination of all depending on the situation . ''
i 've got a nice stretch of road here ... drive along in this gear ? ... downshift to speed up a little ? ... put it in neutral and roll along ? ... ''
oh i 'm stopped on a hill ... should i do an ebrake start ?
stop and go traffic ... first neutral first neutral first second ! neutral brake first neutral ... ''
i 'm doing 70 ... i guess i 'll use fifth now whoops ''
compare that with an automatic gas ... ..no gas ... ..brake ... ..gas ... ..more gas ... ..hmmm i wonder what i 'll eat tonight ... .more gas ... ..do do do dooooooo ... ... oh crap ! ''
your obviously a piss poor uncle ... . have n't even bought him deadpool comics or showed him the ones online .
my mvp 3 pro battery life has bit the dust barely 4hrs compared to the 3-5 days i used to get out of it and as a result i have been smoking cigs in the recharge time .
just curious if you guys have any experience with them .
i ask because i experienced ov3 for the first time and got realllyyy discouraged because of the 2 runs a day thing..
my gf asked me to do peepee stuff in front of her this is my first relationship idk if im ready for the peepee help
so i have this issue where all the cutscenes are so blurry and over brighten ... do n't know what to do to fix it ... tried tweaking the settings and it did n't work ... here is a img http imgur.com/hmkjoxj with the blurry cutscene.as soon as it finishes if i do n't move the mouse it stays blurry but when i move the mouse it becomes normal again img http imgur.com/imvpjds
so i 've tried quite a few diapers now but two i was looking at that i have n't is the plastic backed cushies or the abu space .
was going to put an order in tomorrow and still was n't sure which one i wanted to try first .
tried the cloth backed cushies so i was kinda leaning towards space .
edit not sure why i put a comma in the title ...
note sadly i 've been told that the rankings are limited to wwf e wrestlemanias so wrestlekingdom 10 does n't count d
this list will not be censored because all events are presented in their original forms on wwe network which we will all cancel in two weeks .
viewer discretion is advised due to racists and murderers .
a shoutout to stevie richards who later main evented many of these .
31 wrestlemania die hogan 1993 fuck ho kogan seriously bret should be champion !
30 wrestlemania hogan ii 1986 fuck that guy bundy should 've won
29 wrestlemania fatass vs football player 1995 fucking bam bam main eventing ? ? ?
28 wrestlemania hogan 1985 ca n't believe they needed mr. t to get hogan over .
27 wrestlemania rock 2011 fucking dwayne was there all night stealing the spotlight from real up-and-comers like santino marella and ezekiel jackson .
26 wrestlemania once in a lifetime ii the second once 2013 fucking dwayne .
25 wrestlemania macho 1988 i liked this until hogan and goliath came out and ruined it .
24 wrestlemania pro-america propoganda 1991 i did n't see this one i was watching wcw instead making me better than all of you !
23 wrestlemania is jericho 2000 it 's a new millennium and jericho is n't main eventing ? ? ?
instead we get haitch winning instead of god foley ? ? ?
i 'm switching to wcw now that they 've built up talent !
22 wrestlemania austin 1999 a very disappointing main event between these two shills .
21 wrestlemania once in a lifetime 2012 fucking dwayne main eventing instead of phil ?
wtf sheamus beats amerdragon in 18 secs fuck this company i 'm switching to roh ! ! !
20 wrestlemania hogan 's revenge 1989 fucking hogan again ? !
fuck this company im switching to nwa ! ! !
19 wrestlemania wooooooo 1992 would be voted higher if flair won but instead this fuck savage won .
18 wrestlemania fireball undertaker beats sid justice in an awful match .
why the fuck didnt stone cold vs bret main event ! ! !
17 wrestlemania ca n't see me ii 2007 of course cena beats hbk .
16 wrestlemania ms. wrestlemania 2009 i needed some of snoop dogg 's weed to get through this shit .
fucking god dammit im switching to tna ! ! ! !
15 wrestlemania spoiler hogan wins 1990 ultimate warrior actually beat hulk hogan which would 've been a joyous occasion had warrior not been a roided up shill .
14 wrestlemania heavy lifting 1987 hogan won after picking up the 7000 lb andre in what was the only thing even close to exciting in that match .
this event is only rated this well for macho bae vs ricky steambae .
13 wrestlemania ironbae 1996 a simply amazing ironman match between bret the hitbae '' hart and hb-ae '' shawn hickenbottom .
12 wrestlemania heartbreak 2010 this event was awesome but it lost a ton of points due to the cena vs gaytista match .
11 wrestlemania ca n't see me 2006 this event is rated so high because rey is bae .
also mick and edge got hard core fuck yeah ! ! !
this would 've been better had our savior triple h actually beaten fuccboi cena .
10 wrestlemania tyson 1998 i do n't think stunning steve was quite ready and why would he destroy dx the greatest thing of all time yet still not anywhere near as good as that crappy nwo ?
i find it hilarious that steve needed tyson-brand chicken nuggets to get him over but the rest of the event was good .
9 wrestlemania hart of bae 1994 finally bret is over !
8 wrestlemania hollywood 2005 remember when we liked cena and batista ?
we thought they were the perfect guys to finally dethrone haitch and blackjack bradshaw .
the mitb match was incredible greatest idea ever my bae edge won woopee ! ! !
7 wrestlemania fuccboi 2015 this event was awful 0/10 stars .
2 months later the show started and it was awesome because crossfit jesus .
6 wrestlemania goosebumps 2002 i swear to god i get chills down my spine every time i see the staredown between the rock and hulk hogan .
5 wrestlemania katrina 2008 remember the huge accident that happened at this event ?
after michaels vs flair everyone in the audience cried so much that it flooded the stadium and caused a tsunami killing billions of people .
4 wrestlemania dogs are in the enclosed pool area lol 2004 dae cry every time you see benoit and eddie hugging ?
2014 american dragon daniel bryan danielson is fucking bae .
1 wrestlemania 4-hour erection 2001 the most stacked mania of all fucking time !
call your doctor afterwards or your dick will suffocate and rot off totally worth it though .
i think it 's very accurate and ranks each event in a fair and concise manner .
tell me what you think and do n't forget to upstyles !
is there a difference between fascism and national socialism ?
are there examples of these political ideologies outside of nazi germany ?
in what ways does national socialism differ from democratic socialism ?
for the record i in no way endorse national socialism or fascism .
i would just like to cultivate a broader understanding of these ideologies .
therefore a condition trades it with a good person most .
even in addition i want to trade it if there is good suggestion
lf duo to play in lan will be nice to talk through raidcall .
a boy named nikos born in a land called greece
the boy mid thought they will call me flame jin ''
wtf he 's playin worse than a kid ! ''
woe to all who have the jin of feed flame
substrate is eb 's cactus mix plus coarse sand .
over the last couple days i 've been puzzling about their growth .
the tap roots in several seem very long and skinny compared to the broad wide plant of the head .
the tap root on a few does n't seem to be aggressively penetrating the substrate .
just in the last day i 've noticed several have fallen over .
so i 've taken a spoon and sterile coarse sand and done my best to pour sand donuts '' around them and prop up those cumbersome tops .
i 've tried to picture one of the typical sprouts .
i 've never grown these before so i do n't know if these are normally shaped or not .
sorry no real reference for size but they 're about a week to 1 1/2 wks old .
i am trying to figure out how to do push notifications with the new apns provider api https developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/networkinginternet/conceptual/remotenotificationspg/chapters/apnsproviderapi.html .
my research so far has found me the curl_http_version_2_0 option for curl but i just do n't understand how to code some of the things that the api talks about .
which i thought meant it was an http/2 post to 3/device device-token but then the next thing says
apns requires the use of hpack header compression for http/2 which prevents repeated header keys and values .
to help avoid filling up the apns hpack table and necessitating the discarding of table data encode headers in the following way—especially when sending a large number of streams
the path header should be encoded as a literal header field without indexing
i also have no idea how to keep the connection open send multiple posts on the connection and read the headers and responses .
i have n't been able to find any tutorials on the web about how to do any of this but once i figure it out i plan to write one !
just looking for people around the same skill level looking to have some fun and make it to the lighthouse .
hi guys i 'm currently conscripted in the army for the remaining term of 12 months !
i have access to the internet and want to improve my spoken chinese .
i keep debating whether or not the best way to go about this would just be to memorise tons and tons of sentences ...
this is our http i.imgur.com/xgrhgbg.jpg international dt466e with an amtram body .
we lifted the roof using four farm jacks and wooden scaffolding .
a local metal fabricator made our brim hat support channels .
they were ordered big enough to snuggly slip over the existing channels .
channels were temporarily put in place using self drilling sheet metal screws .
bolts nuts and a lot more holes will be added later to secure them permanently .
hi i 'm really interested in building experience in this field but i ca n't come up with a cool enough project to start out with .
i 'm really big tea guy so i 'd like to do something that has to do with that .
after googling so far the best i 've found is an automatic tea steeper .
i 'm wondering if you guys happen to have a really cool idea for a project that has to do with tea in someway .
so first off i want to thank you for reading this if you are .
anyways i want to start a team/party where we have fun in halo 5 .
fun is obviously subjective so at times being competitive may be fun .
but for the most part i 'd like to start a team that just wants to have a good time over being really serious about the game .
so if you like to join just post your gamertag down in the comments below .
my gamertag is seatactics '' and i have a lot of free time right now .
i 'm also 20 so i 'm not a teenager who will yell at you .
i now have at least 140000000 experience points in the smithing skill .
with most girls in my college lecture hall that i 've struck up a conversation with they 'll never laugh when i talk with them .
how can i feel so much for such a brief exchange ?
it has a .01 float and the corner is decent .
looking for a nice m9 crimson web minimal wear stattrak m9 doppler p4 stattrak m9 slaughter karambit crimson web mw bayonet marble fade or feel free to offer .
honestly as a primarily solo player of rocket league the matchmaking is pretty bad .
i 'm decent by no means good nor bad .
i miss aerials and i make mistakes but honestly games that are evenly balanced rarely happen .
i have two matchmaking ideas which are shower thoughts which i believe could help rocket league 's matchmaking algorithm .
1 matchmaking based off aerial hits aerial goals and time spent in the air .
this one sounds pretty complicated but take for example me i have lots of time spent in the air a fair few aerial hits but very few aerial goals as my aerial attempts are usually do n't go near the goal .
somebody like kronovi however has a very very high amount of time spent in the air but also a ton of aerial hits and his conversion rate will be a lot lot higher than mine .
most games i play someone is just ridiculous at scoring aerials and quite frankly i should n't be matched with .
now i have a poor win rate something that comes with being a primary solo player .
yet i often i finish the top of my team or at least second not too far behind first .
i believe matchmaking could be done purely by win and score if people of similar win rates and score should be matched together so those that usually top a team are all playing together whilst those that are carried all play together .
i 've been depressed since i was 10 i 'm 20 now .
the past two years my depression has only gotten worse .
one of my closest friends died my mother gave away my cat without my permission and now my landlord is making me rehome my dog due to a change in his insurance .
i 'm realizing now how much i rely on my dog to help me feel better ...
i 'm not really asking for advice or help i just really need to tell somebody this shit because it 's all i 've thought about for two years now except for the past week as i 've been agonizing over rehoming my best friend .
i hope everyone in this sub is staying strong through whatever they 're suffering over .
i complained about not being able to safely take my nice knives anywhere for me and for the knives so my side made me a custom knife roll designed to perfectly hold all 8 of my henkels .
she could n't find any designs to do it so she winged it and turned out great .
she made this in 2010 and i use it almost monthly .
i 'm not a pro just a guy that likes to do a lot of cooking .
i use this thing monthly year round and heavy use during football season .
so i have no idea about slaughter so would be great if someone could help me out !
i signed my 16 year old son up for skating lessons .
he ultimately wants to play hockey and one of his buddies that plays is eager for them to get on the ice together .
he 's roller bladed a couple of times but nothing on ice yet .
i signed him up for a beginning 6-16 yrs beginning class .
he 's the oldest and the biggest by a long shot but he did great .
after class we were talking about it and i asked if he wanted me to see if we can switch him to an adult class .
he said no and that he 'll stay where he is .
i said that i wished he would have been interested when he was younger .
he tells me that he was and that it was one of the first sports he asked me to do .
he said that you did n't want my teeth getting knocked out .
i 'm listening to this and hearing my nmom coming out of me .
he shrugged his shoulders and said it 's ok .
when we were almost home i said no really i 'm truly sorry .
i said no it is n't it 's a cycle that should have been broken a long time ago and i 'm sorry .
i also told him that this is still possible for him to do he 'll just have to practice a lot once he gets the basics down .
one of my biggest complaints growing up in my nfamily was not being listened to so i totally understand how he 's feeling and i 'm kicking myself for it .
i 'm in some pain right now for the pain i 've caused him .
i do n't want him thinking that it 's a false apology and that i 'm just going to blow him off when he comes to me for something .
i am thinking about the nike vapor but any suggestions would be helpful .
they appear to have a wingtip design and appear to be a boot
i asked him if he would like to draw my groups characters for their first game i 'm the dm and he accepted .
although the attributes of the characters are highly exaggerated i think he did a great job with it .
i was watching an episode of this well my wife was and i was listening .
i heard something insanely familiar looked up and had to look up the main character on imdb it was so familliar .
it was so weird once i ided why i recognized the voice he says a lot of stuff that cole would say .
he 's a british vicar who assists in murder investigations .
i feel like it represents what cole becomes if you encourage him to become human .
if the link do n't work you can find them in my channel http telegram.me/osmeromarhn
trying to sign up for programs for my twins and not very clear what these two entail i 've read the pamphlets and done some googling but still feeling a bit lost .
i get that ibi is for intense more hours and more focused than aba but what kinds of things to these programs do to help .
all i 'm reading is generic each is geared towards your children 's personal needs .
sure that 's great sounding but what do they do with kid typically ?
i realize every one is going to have different experience with these i 'm just looking for a bit more information from those who have gone through it themselves as parent or participant so i can help decide what seems best for my kids .
the developmental pediatrician who diagnosed the twins was encouraging to sign up for both as the wait list for ibi in the area is about 3 years currently and 6 months for aba and then decide later .
but i really do n't want to put my kids through more exams and interviews without really knowing what these programs are going to do with them in more detail .
so i need help from the all-mighty reddit investigators.. help me find kfo 's na account d would be very greatful !
it has been a long 3 years fam and this year ye has done it again and started off the year right .
i 'd like to say we finally made it fam and i ca n't wait to share this experience with you guys .
but need some advice from more experienced players in 3.5 because i do n't want a character that just is just too op in combat i thought about making a monk or a barbarian potentially maybe a bard or druid also any advice ?
this morning when i woke up i saw that my friend sent me and our group of friends a message saying that he 'll see us in the next life and that he has a note for us if something does happen .
i feel really lost because me and my group of friends want to help him yet we think that he 's already accepted it .
we 're not really sure what has happened to him since he hangs out with other people but he 's still one of our close friends .
he does n't want this getting out of our group but i do n't think there 's any other way that i could get help .
hello i want to get a 144hz monitor to use with my asus g751jt so had a friend tell me that my laptop might need an adapter to get more than 60fps .
if i want to get the regular edition and when i have money later ill buy special edition to get the extra stuff will it cut price on the store or i have to buy that version
can someone post a picture of the back of the hat ?
the blizzard store only shows the front and there apparently is a blizzard logo on the other side .
i 'd like to know if it 's centered or off to one side .
i was thinking of getting one using the 10 off code but i 'm not a huge fan of the plastic on snapbacks and i usually just wear fitted flat brims .
if you own one how do you like it and how well does the black stay black ?
is there any way to make it so that when you die in a custom game you can watch your friends play or do you just have to watch your dead body lay there .
i have 22 and 24ga ti and a bunch of kanthal gauges .
would it be better to do ti on ti or can i do a ti core with kanthal outside and still be able to use temp control ?
how did i get seemingly reincarnated into a dating game ?
because it was a dating game i thought i 'd go capture heroines and do kya~kya~ufufu things but i was born as a girl .
no matter how i think about it are n't i on the side of getting captured ! ?
despite despairing at my own helplessness i 'll do my best to improve myself in order to avoid getting captured .
tired of that magic rpg world and fantasy bs ?
try this one mc dead and reborn as a girl in a dating game world no magical thingy .
mc so obsessed to improve herself that she now became a god-tier mary tsu .
but remembering her memories of being a guy in her former life she thought a romance interacting with a guy is ‘ueeeh no way !
table of contents https distractedtranslations.wordpress.com/like-hell-im gon na get-captured e6 94 bb e7 95 a5 e3 81 aa e3 82 93 e3 81 9e e3 81 95 e3 82 8c e3 81 a6 e3 81 9f e3 81 be e3 82 8b e3 81 8b ef bc 81table-of-contents
i bought the midnight purple 3ds then i upgraded to the yoshi xl but now idk if i should buy the new 3ds xl specifically the hyrule edition for 175 at gamestop .
i 'm really tempted to but i hear that nothing has changed except for amiibo function and a bad c-stick that the pro circle pad beats any day .
i 'd really like people 's opinion and experiences so far .
plus who knows when nintedo will release another new new '' 3ds xl lol .
i am a 2nd year civil engineering student currently studying at queen 's university .
i am originally from richmond and i am looking for an internship unpaid or paid this summer .
i 'm open to anything related to the civil engineering sector .
i am currently one of the executives of the queen 's spacex hyperloop team and also on the queen 's bridge building team .
i have great oral and written communication skills and i am proficient in office 365 .
some random stuff about me is that i love to snowboard and am a giant foodie vancouver has the best restaurant scene in canada in my opinion .
i also like to travel and i really want to go to italy !
any comments/tips that can lead me to get an internship is also very appreciated !
i have a martian notifier watch which i love because it looks like a regular watch but gives basic notification info on a scrolling screen .
the android app lets you set any app 's notifications to go to the watch thing is that none of the alarm apps i 've found preferably one that can also go off in silent mode actually trigger a notification when they go off the same way say hangouts or gmail does with a new message .
or maybe an alternative like using ifttt or tasker neither of which i have any experience with ?
watching sword art online right now and although that kind of technology is very far off it has made me excited about the potential of vr in the long term .
selling 1.2 mil on server 3 for 40 paypal preferred amazon accepted .
i was wondering if there was a way to change the steam client browser to run off of chrome so i can use chrome extensions in steam .
as i understand the steam browser is built off of the same webkit as both firefox and chrome .
has anyone been able to modify the steam client in any way like this ?
slashing with sword is done even with straight-edged double-edged swords seen in many different places in the world including the ancient rome without any curve not to mention a straight-backed kitchen knife cutting food .
it is false that a big curve is needed for slashing .
muyedobotongji recorded even traditional korean sword sports has such such including beheading was always recorded .
also korean hwando the original katana before japan was n't all straight-backed even koryeo era 1000 years ago had slight curves .
there was a variety in hwando was compared to chinese curved hoingdo in koryeo era they were all used .
i 'm insanely into rush and want to know if there 's a fact i 've yet to know
that was a much longer expedition than i initially estimated ... and i still have one more leg of the journey to complete .
turns out zuben-el-schemali is only one of five systems sharing a similar name structure .
galnet reference sources attribute the names to ancient terran arabic referring to the stars in the constellation libra as seen from earth .
apparently some cultures saw the shape of a scorpion in the stars here .
so everyone knows rule 1 of flying never fly what you ca n't rebuy .
another good rule to follow is never attempt to scoop rare commodities floating alone in the black .
i should have known it was a trap but i did it anyway and the pirate in an anaconda saw to it that i spent the second half of my trip so far in near-absolute paranoia .
but on the bright side i found my first water world !
someone had already logged the discovery with uc but it was pretty cool to see anyway .
i 'm just about restocked with supplies and the pad rats here in chiccan are just about done with repairs .
time to go back out into the black this time with a route over 500 ly out .
if i survive it 'll be the furthest i 've ever been out of inhabited space .
once i get to the base of the scorpion 's tail i 'll take stock of supplies .
dunno if i 'll come straight back to the bubble though .
the canonn institute out in the pleiades nebula just put out a story on galnet about barnacles or some-such .
i might head out there next and see if i can help out their orbital station somehow .
i just hope i wo n't have to think about outfitting my type 6 for long-distance survival on top of maximizing cargo space .
we are deeply sorry for our previous actions towards you . ''
said the tsar in a recent press release we hope that it is all seen as water under the bridge now .
we are honored to be a part of the eto and we are glad to have you as an ally now . ''
i have created a playlist of .pls files for online stations and i want to be able to jump to that whenever and selecting a station to play but all the files in this are being replaced by whatever i played last so that might be a single folder i selected from the artist list or it might be the whole collection .
basing buyout on others i 've seen listed but negotiable etc ...
i 'll exhaust all dialog options and they 'll only say you showed up in the nick of time '' am i glad you 're on our side '' and i ca n't give them things to fight monsters like the deathclaw that abruptly showed up in my settler .
jensen has noticed the appearance of blaise and arroyo this morning and has decided to go around in his jensen armor until such time as he sees fit .
now he sits on the roof in the middle of the night drinking a coke in the darkness .
my question is what would be a good shavette and blades to try ?
looked at the sidebar and did n't see shavette mentioned .
i 'm relatively new '' and was looking for guidance on teams i can make for harder dungeons .
i 'm level 109 71 energy team cost 124 .
i 'm not quite sure what kind of team i should aim for with my current monsters they are sort of all over the place .
also which monsters should take priority for evolving/ult evolving .
phase 1 comes out thursday the 14th and early bird tix go on sale tuesday the 19th at 10am est .
tix are 209 for day passes 294 for camping .
tl dr tbilisi is our new capital we spend 30,000 ducats to rebuild the damage to narikala and generally help people recover from the attack
god truly favored tbilisi for she was largely spared of destruction during the imeretian invasion .
she would continue to reign as the crown-jewel of the caucasus and in king bagrat 's hands it was only a matter of time until all georgia recognized his rightful kingship .
the king would have liked nothing more than to march to kakheti to finish the business right then and there but unfortunately he had to attend to rebuilding the city .
narikala fortress would be rebuilt and restocked the cross on the church of st. nicholas put back up and the surrendered soldiers reintegrated into society .
furthermore in exchange for providing quarter and provisions and to gain some loyalty some 30,000 ducats will be parceled out .
half of it will be for those who we owe the other half to ease tbilisi 's integration by making some happy peasants .
more importantly the king ordered his servants in imereti 's capital of kutaisi to bring his riches his regalia his horses and everything he needed to tbilisi .
he was fond of kutaisi but this city was the only one fit for a king of a unified georgia .
from now until his death this was his home and in due time this was where he would march forth to kakheti solidifying once and for all the georgian crown .
i 'm not that great of a crucible player my friend is better i would just like to get to the lighthouse if possible .
if anyone feels generous enough to help us message autistika69 or post your psn
i was very active in this community a while back .
i did reality checks everyday and i wrote in my dream journal every chance i could .
i was having lds regularly but i did n't focus completely and lost lucidity slowly/my mind was too foggy to think normally most of the time .
the reason why i quit is because i kind of got bored of doing reality checks got more busy in life and i lost my dream journal .
i also have n't lucid dreamed in a week or two prior to quitting .
so one day i just stopped doing reality checks/dream journaling .
strangely enough after quitting and not having lucid dreams for weeks i had one nearly every night .
as it progressively got worse i used to remember having lucid dreams but i only could remember the moment of lucidity .
and now i can not remember a single dream and when i do it 's usually a 3 second snippet .
and worst of all i can not improve my dream recall because i can never remember a dream to write down .
i have been trying to write my dreams down for 3-5 days now but i ca n't remember a single one !
so anyways i found my dream journal and i am ready to start ld'ing again to better hone the skill .
i remember when i first started dream journaling in the very beginning my dream recall improved drastically after writing down the first dream i barely remembered .
i went from only remembering snippets of dreams for months to remembering what seemed like nearly full fledged tv show length dreams only after 1 2 days of writing down my dreams .
and it got better and better to the point where it was like living an alternate life at night .
so here i am now ready to start again .
mostly looking to get my hands on a howl but i will consider most knives send to me trade offer
add me on steam to talk or send me a trade offer !
with her librarian style of dress glasses and quiet nature few would suspect the depraved guilt-inducing thoughts that run around in her head .
so much so that concern of a coffee-cup sized wet spot forming as she soaks through her panties and skirt is a real concern if she lets her mind wander too long .
she caries at least two pairs of panties in her purse .
few would recognize the connection between her pen-chewing habit and a more salacious oral fixation a mental fixation on gagging on cock .
she takes great length to hide the contents of her kindle she always carries around .
she 'll tell people it 's the classics or poetry but it 's mostly filled with stories of depraved erotica .
she commonly walks around the office/library/hallways with a butt plug deep inside her and she wonders what it would feel like to have a hot load of come shooting into her ass .
most do n't make the connection between the choker she sometimes wears as a manifestation of a longing desire to have someone put a collar on her and lead her around on a leash .
not many deduce that the reason she her decidedly un-archtype behavior of occasionally smoking a cigarette behind the library is the desperate hope that someone will bend her over their knee and spank her as punishment .
few notice that she always wears stockings and a garter instead of leggings or pantyhose because she enjoys feeling bare inner thigh as she goes about her day thinking about how easy it would be to discretely service a cock .
she longs to feel come dripping down her thighs as she goes about her day .
she has a sharp mind but she longs to serve .
hi i just installed a new wifi card gigabyte bluetooth 4.0/wifi expansion card components gc-wb867d-i and drivers .
my computer now restarts about 5 seconds after shutting down .
additionally my usb ports are now powered when the computer is shut down .
i have a custom desktop pc running windows 10 asock z97 killer mother board .
it was working fine prior to installing the card .
i have tried searching for help with this problem .
one suggestion was to uninstall gigabyte on/off that does not appear to be installed on my computer .
additionally it was suggested to adjust the power management options to make sure that none of the hardware would be allowed to turn on the computer .
further i adjusted the registry as show in this video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=fmgwq_s5psa which was also suggested as one way to fix this problem .
i also checked the bios and did not see anything that was obvious that needed adjusting .
i 've been playing a game recently and one of my teammate was laming so hard stealing sheep boar killing deer walling resources and on the top of that he was flaming in all chat some random you '' and more .
and the target was actually the guy with the lowest elo .
i was n't aware that people could be so horrible on this game i felt so bad for the enemy team that i walled off my teammate for being such a dick .
how do you feel when you are playing with/against people like ?
the video went on by the lines of mi hermano es un pelotudo '' my brother is stupid and it kind of showed you an ugly animation of two mans .
there was one which was predominantly speaking about nonsense/wrong things all the time while you can saw real images in the background of places of argentina i think .
i remember i found it searching something like hermanos pelicula argentina '' argentinan brothers movie .
that time i searched it on youtube for smart tv which has different results from the web version .
i think it was like 00:30 or 01:00 minute long .
1 awp asiimov field-tested http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049408685/inventory 730_2_4771574294 0.37740886211395 http csgo.exchange/item/4771574294 sticker fnatic cluj-napoca 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c fnatic 7c cluj-napoca 2015 sticker team solomid cluj-napoca 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c team solomid 7c cluj-napoca 2015 sticker team envyus cluj-napoca 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c team envyus 7c cluj-napoca 2015 sticker ninjas in pyjamas holo cologne 2014 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 28holo 29 7c cologne 2014 14
1 awp asiimov field-tested http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049408685/inventory 730_2_4771574224 0.26986902952194 http csgo.exchange/item/4771574224 sticker do n't worry http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c do n't worry 14
1 awp asiimov field-tested http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049408685/inventory 730_2_4764442299 0.37165188789368 http csgo.exchange/item/4764442299 sticker welcome to the clutch http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c welcome to the clutch sticker kennys cluj-napoca 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c kennys 7c cluj-napoca 2015 14
1 ak-47 redline field-tested http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049408685/inventory 730_2_4770944859 0.27430614829063 http csgo.exchange/item/4770944859 sticker till death do us part http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c till death do us part sticker kawaii killer ct http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c kawaii killer ct sticker titan katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c titan 7c katowice 2015 sticker sneaky beaky like http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c sneaky beaky like 2 sold
1 ak-47 redline field-tested http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049408685/inventory 730_2_4765136665 0.18005661666393 http csgo.exchange/item/4765136665 sticker guardian cluj-napoca 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c guardian 7c cluj-napoca 2015 sticker welcome to the clutch http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c welcome to the clutch sticker natus vincere cluj-napoca 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c natus vincere 7c cluj-napoca 2015 sticker guardian cluj-napoca 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c guardian 7c cluj-napoca 2015 2
1 ak-47 redline field-tested http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049408685/inventory 730_2_4765135793 0.15307888388634 http csgo.exchange/item/4765135793 sticker silent ninja http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c silent ninja sticker the spartan http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c the spartan sticker hellraisers cologne 2014 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c hellraisers 7c cologne 2014 sticker lucky 13 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c lucky 13 2
1 ak-47 redline field-tested http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049408685/inventory 730_2_4765128561 0.16704171895981 http csgo.exchange/item/4765128561 sticker queen of pain http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c queen of pain sticker queen of pain http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c queen of pain sticker denis cluj-napoca 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c denis 7c cluj-napoca 2015 sticker queen of pain http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c queen of pain 2
1 ak-47 redline field-tested http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049408685/inventory 730_2_4770944987 0.18771126866341 http csgo.exchange/item/4770944987 sticker ninjas in pyjamas katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 7c katowice 2015 2
1 ak-47 redline field-tested http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049408685/inventory 730_2_4770944942 0.23407745361328 http csgo.exchange/item/4770944942 sticker nbk cluj-napoca 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c nbk 7c cluj-napoca 2015 sticker do n't worry i 'm pro http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c do n't worry i 'm pro sticker good luck http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c good luck sticker hellraisers holo cologne 2014 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c hellraisers 28holo 29 7c cologne 2014 2
when i do a sysprep for a win10x64 enterprise v.1511 current branch image and then do an os deployment in sccm the windows store and other provisioned apps go unregistered and i can not repair nor reinstall them .
this is not a problem with windows 8.1 or windows 10 enterprise rtm .
should i unregister all of the provisioned apps before sysprepping the os ?
restarting my internet restarting computer even uninstall reinstall etc etc..
i am not a cryptography geek but is n't md5 completely insecure ?
may it is n't in the way they use it for their api .
can anyone confirm and explain why or why not ?
i assume that this sub is filled with hardcore ds fans especially that souls games are n't exactly new '' .
but it 's always nice to have some thoughts of someone who is completely new so here it goes .
first i have to say that i play games for a long time since early 90 's .
i 'm casual and i was never good at manual skills more like hilariously bad i played games more for story dialogs and so on and for this reason i always preferred turn-based combat or something with pause like baldur 's gate .
i tried dark souls when it was released on pc and after playing through intro i was absolutely stunned how such piece of crap can be praised so much .
everything in this game was like made in 1997 terrible graphics hilarious camera work terrible controls not to mention i were killed by asylum demon 6 times in a row .
i found the game horrible thing for some masochist hipsters deleted it and forgot about it .
few days ago i was looking for something i can play after finishing fallout 4 and i noticed that darks souls 2 sotfs was super cheap .
it was like eh what 's the worst that can happen it 's so cheap it 's not even a risk '' .
once again pretty bad graphics clunky controls weird setting etc .
but i had nothing to do this day so i played along .
then killed by next skeleton then i jumped off the cliff by mistake and then i was killed by skeletons few more times .
yeah as you might think i suck at this kind of games .
i tested the game it was still sucking balls and that 's it .
few hours passed and i was like ... ok it 's bad game but to be stomped by trash mobs right after tutorial ?
so i tried once more i got little further but got fucked hard like 20 times in the process got frustrated turn off the game verdict complete trash .
and weird enough hour later i turned it on again .
why do i keep turning this awful game on ?
so i thought waaaaait let 's try the first one again .
i tried and it was as bad as i recalled and graphics became even worse .
so yeah tutorial getting killed by asylum demon and so on .
but i managed to beat him somehow and proceed ahead .
right now i 'm still at the beginning i killed some big-ass metal boar .
maybe i would be farther but i started new game few times trying to find starting class that fits my style of playing and going with melee wanderer as i like speed and knight in the heavy armor was so goddamn slow and could n't roll shit .
are stack in 90 's camera work is bad story is ... weird and close to nonexistent at the start you are undead go ring some bells done .
there are almost no npc at all and even if i find one it 's completely not interesting zero dialogs zero side quests .
this game is stuck in the old days for good and bad .
i like that fight is hard challenging and that everything can kill you and will kill you if you make any mistake .
i like that you lose souls upon death and have to reclaim them .
what i do n't like is full respawn on death .
for people like me who falls into every hole roll off every cliff and roof this is absolutely frustrating .
and hardcore take on exploration no map whatsoever no minimap no quest arows etc can be intimidating to player raised on new games .
like luring enemies one by one taking advantage of nonexistent ai no patrols no alarms etc .
hoping that your opponent get stuck in some place or fall of the ramp etc .
i remember these things from a lot of old games .
what is really really weird and it 's honestly the first time in my personal history of gaming that i fell like some game is bad and i should really play something good instead i ca n't .
i ca n't because all i can think of is this game .
i get frustrated turn this off and in a while i 'm back and the cycle repeats .
and later i turn something really great like witcher 3 play for half an hour and looking at this magnificient piece of gaming art all i can think of is how to kill this freaking black knight do i roll do i block or maybe run and throw some bombs at him .
i feel like falling in love with this bad '' game and every good '' game now seems boring and uninteresting .
oh and i know i 'm at very beginning of both games but i feel that ds is slightly easier than ds2 sotfs .
and as i tried to restrain from any walkthroughs and guides i 'll probably end with super bad character and miss a lot of things .
in fact i may broke my game on this point because i killed some zombie merchant by accident who i 'm sure i 'm not supposed to kill .
but it dropped me some fun katana so at least i have that
just wanted to share my weird fascination with this game .
oh and sorry for my english i 'm not native speaker and i was struggling writing this a lot
i have trust issues with my girlfriend and it 's keeping me up at night .
i was dating this girl my now ex for a long time and we were all part of this friend group .
there was this girl in the friend group my current gf who was really good friends with my ex and i always kinda thought about her but never anything sexual or serious because it was n't my place since i was in a relationship .
when me and my now ex-gf broke up me and this girl decided albeit drunkenly to explore this possible relationship i think you know what that means .
now this was pretty controversial because my ex-gf explicitly asked her not to do anything with me after we split up .
me and my current gf kept it a secret because we did n't want to hurt my ex/her friend .
the ex-gf ended up moving to a different country and was so far away that my current gf and i decided to reveal our relationship to the rest of the friend group .
now 's probably a good time to state that i felt like shit the whole time doing this knowing how much it would hurt my ex and break the girl code '' for getting with a friends ex or whatever .
but i truly loved my current gf and had known her for years at this point i had to know what it was like .
now here 's the trust issues when my ex-gf and i broke up and then my current gf and i hooked up me and my current gf decided we should n't be together romantically again until my ex left the country .
i understood and we both agreed to it and both agreed we wanted to be with each other afterwards .
i then leave town for a month on business and while i 'm out of town my ex-gf moves out of my place .
during this time i have sufficient reason to believe my current gf hooked up with another guy unsure how many times but positive they hung out and positive they had sex .
it hurts to think about and it hurts to type .
but we were n't dating at that time so technically she did nothing wrong .
here 's the kicker the guy she hooked up with has a long term gf .
i confronted her about it and she denied anything happening .
i do n't have concrete evidence it happened but i have so many clues and hints that i would be extremely surprised if it did n't happen .
my reason for having trust issues now is that she hooked up with me against her friends will and she hooked up with this guy when he was in a serious relationship .
i ca n't help thinking she does n't have any respect for what being in a relationship means but at the same time she was n't in a relationship during these events just affected other peoples relationships .
not to mention she lied to me about it .
i love her and i want to trust her but i lay in bed thinking about it and ca n't get it out of my mind .
i want to tell her about it and bring it up but i do n't want to seem paranoid or insecure .
my current gf and i are in a great and loving relationship .
the guy she hooked up with moved away and everything is great .
except for that voice in the back of my head .
tl dr girlfriend was an accessory to bad juju and unsure if that means she 's untrustworthy or if i 'm just being paranoid .
why do you not see goblin general in decklists ?
i 've seen two types of decks ... the toolbox and the full on aggro decklist .
i get that it 's 3cmc but it seems too good to pass up
shaco boxes do n't proc the gold gains from the spellthiefs ... .
i 'm still pre-everything so this is n't immediately relevant anyway but i 'm not sure if i like the idea of wearing makeup all the time .
not to make a judgement on it i just do n't think it 's my style .
have any of you decided to transition without makeup and if so how did that go for you ?
alterations to services between glasgow central and stranraer via kilmarnock
due to a bridge being damaged between girvan and stranraer
train services between glasgow central and stranraer via kilmarnock may be terminated at and started back from girvan .
disruption is expected until the end of the day .
please note that alternative road transport will operate between stranraer and girvan .
journey times will be extended due to the use of replacement road transport .
train services between kilmarnock and stranraer may be terminated at and started back from girvan .
disruption is expected until the end of the day .
the 17th jimmy mchugh memorial concert at woodside hall glasgow
god like genius – the noel gallagher experience at record factory glasgow
bbc sso hear and now matthias pintscher conducts at city halls glasgow
i was wondering about the worth of buffs granted by neutral jungle monsters when using smite .
for example i always try to smite raptors and gromp before a gank or a teamfight .
and while smiting raptors seems really useful to deny vision/putting pressure on a lane opponent i was wondering if the gromp buff is really worth it ?
1 is the gromp 's buff generally really worth a smite ?
2 should junglers running skirmishers/stalkers blade keep their spell to smite opponents because the damage/slow is a better option than the gromp 's buff ?
3 i always wondered about the krug 's buff it seems useful for early jungle clears but it seems to lose its interest as the game goes on .
smiting wolves red and blue buff seems situationnal to me so i do n't really have questions about them but if you have nice not well known tips on them i 'll gratefully take those
tambem reparei que a pesquisa parece não funcionar.. alguem pode dar uma dica para o inicio do uso da freenet ?
hi guys i recently got xps 13 skylate non-touch in december .
i found that there is a tiny gap between the display panel and the bezel which attracts loads of dust all the time on the four edges of the display panel practically can see white lines of dust ... may i ask if it is normal ?
i have been searching forums to see if this is a common problem but till now i only found one review mentioned this .
for my office laptops hp samsung such problem does not exist .
here is what happened to obamacare as a newly launched product and this rule also applies to any product or service your company is planning to launch https www.linkedin.com/pulse/can-happen-obama-anyone-yes-including-you-michael-hamilton ? published=t
i also want to use it for internet word etc .
if gaming what kind of performance are you looking for ?
1080p 50-60fps high settings for actual games gta5 skyrim watchdogs witcher3 medium settings for future games 30-40 fps
post a draft of your potential build here specific parts please .
http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/pcpp do n't ask to be spoonfed a build read the rules !
pcpartpicker part list http de.pcpartpicker.com/p/xyhvjx price breakdown by merchant http de.pcpartpicker.com/p/xyhvjx/by_merchant
storage western digital caviar green 500gb 3.5 '' 5400rpm internal hard drive http de.pcpartpicker.com/part/western-digital-internal-hard-drive-wd5000azdx purchased for 0.00
optical drive lg gh22ns50 bulk dvd/cd writer http de.pcpartpicker.com/part/lg-optical-drive-gh22ns50bulk purchased for 0.00
the 500 gb hdd and the optical drive are parts which i scrapped from my old pc .
finally i have one question i have a windows 7 key which i am going to use to set up the computer .
is it wise to upgrade it directly to windows 10 ?
if there are any caster around who are interested in casting send me an add on steam http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198065555312
a few days ago i bought some new disks and thought that i would redo my storage solution .
i decided to install omnios with napp-it and i 've now set up a raid-z2 over six hgst 4tb deskstar nas drives .
but when i transfer over my old files to the server again i 'm only getting about 60mb/s write and 30mb/s read at best no matter if it 's smb nfs or iscsi .
i 've tried doing some os tcp tweaking which did n't do anything for me and i 've also tried turning off zfs sync which also did nothing for me .
i do n't think it 's the array that 's be bottleneck because when doing the different benchmarks that 's included with napp-it i get at least 300mb/s for both read and write .
previously i ran four drives of the same model in a raid-z1 but instead on omnios it ran on freebsd and on that setup i got better performance even though the raid-z1 was unoptimal configured .
i 've found some other people on google that seemed to have the same problem as me with the same numbers but it did n't seem like they found a solution .
hrc is fast becoming more toxic to independents than she can afford to be heading into a general election .
while probably no more corrupt than 75 of career politicians she has been under the republican microscope for decades .
republicans have been anticipating a hillary run for yearsl and will only begin to release the deeply damaging stuff if she secures the nomination .
bernie sanders has no skeletons and can not be impugned .
the natives of the trobriand islands thought pregnancy wad caused by ghosts and did n't think sex had anything to do with it .
theres a bigger chance some of those always-on devices like tv or router will catch fire than turned off toaster
a bit of discussion and a clip from last night for context https www.reddit.com/r/ireland/comments/404qml/what_would_the_leaders_of_the_1916_easter_rising
i fail to see how needing the chance to use lifesteal changes anything .
you need the chance to use the aoe on guinsoo 's .
neither are issues on yi due to how fast he attacks .
for myself english is fine but a version in german http www.mikrocontroller.net/wikifiles/4/42/wordclock-frontplatte-v2.png would be perfect .
however for the best '' version where you can change between three ways of telling time you need 25 segments .
some of us are still working on scanlating just io the translator seems to have vanished off the face of the earth .
many have heard of it but do not appreciate what an incredible resource it is giving you free legal access to millions if books movies albums software and a lot more .
just because they have n't received the dmca notice yet does n't mean they have the right to distribute that content .
will the person stealing content still get money up until the point where their video is being taken down ?
this is not wwe 2 belts at 2 different weight belts can not be on the line because the weight they 're fighting at only crossovers to the lightweight championship .
rey mysterio can become the heavyweight champ in wwe but in the ufc we would need to weigh more than the ufc light heavyweight boundary which is 206 pounds or more
it 's more like elevating other books to matter rather than having just one particularly super special book .
i 'm a fan of citadel paints as a whole however there are a few that you always want to stay away from .
cerimite white being the absolute worst paint in their line imo .
pick up some vallejo or army painter whites and play arround with those .
you may want to add some accents in places to really make it pop .
they did ask if it was light or dark out
james taggart and orren boyle are two of the biggest villains in atlas shrugged '' and they 're both ceos .
having a child with autism that i looked after throw his shit at me..
well nothing for android as i can tell purged android off the nexus 5 a while ago flashed it with plasma-mobile ubuntu mobile set up with qtox git same as on desktop .
but really all i had to do was export the tox profile off the desktop qtox and import into client on my other device .
https github.com/subliun/antox still missing the a/v feature ... not changed in a while which renders it pointless for the purpose d
also what kind of gifts are you talking about ?
but ne zha is male so he was n't wrong .
ep 1-3 added so much lore to the universe that they deserve some credit .
when i think of the money i spent on blow in my 20 's ...
i always say waldorf and statler but yours is the winner .
cuz i mean 2 weeks not a single even offer and im asking like 1/5 of your price but i guess if i put the b/o to 30k is tart getting offers d
man city are a global fan base how is it not huge ?
there are a lot of choices in south africa because we have
i know though that for the xhosa mandela 's language speaking population it 's buzani kubawo by witness k. tamsanqa and uthembisa nomakhaya
i do n't blame them i understand that sometimes relationships fail that their love could n't sustain the relationship .
anything for my mom to call me to ask me how
i 'm doing ask if she can spend time with me .
it makes me feel so alone in this world ... family was supposed to be the one thing i could fall back on .
it just seems so broken but i guess that 's part of growing up ?
realizing that they 're not superheroes they 're people too .
when i think of my wife my mother-in-law her two grandmothers and aunt a few of her childhood friends who are all now in their thirties her mother 's hair stylist and her parents work associates her former co-workers and the lady at the shoe store i would say the only thing they all have in common is food .
it would be nice do my phd under supervision of one of its researchers and to work in the same building as them .
it seems that ubuntu 23 fedora 193 mint 317 suse 400 debian
just because they claim something does n't mean they suceed with it .
i mean this thread started with someone making it about them so i 'm not surprised .
im pretty sure someone got banned for doing this exact thing they got unbanned shortly afterwards i cant find the post right now tho
man as much as i like this song why 'd they make it so hard
although it would have been quite interesting if they added traveler instead .
i just went on bgg searched for vpg and sorted by ranking .
i think we are all somewhere in the autistic spectrum really
in france the ' jesuisx ' has been used a bit before the 7/01/2015 and the charlie hebdo thing .
but now it is overwhelmingly a reference to that attack and the support the dead received .
it has been used in publicity campaigns but i and many see it as bad taste .
when an english speaking person use it this is a reference to the charlie attack .
when i went to sleep yesterday i saw that milo was using that and i hope he would n't continue since this is really tasteless .
it 's one of the worse maps for rift .
the only one worse might be vertigo and that 's only because of the teleport gate .
if it 's one-sided rift is n't a single flag ctf game .
it 's a trap the enemy in their spawn and kill them as they come out game .
at least in control if a team pushes too far forward it might flip the spawns .
hell if i 'm ever lucky enough to get out i usually end up getting team shot because i 'm by myself .
that 's even before considering having a team coordinated enough to be able to push through one specific area .
on cathedral it feels like it always ends up with just that which means the game is one-sided .
saying it 's one of the most fun maps for rift is like saying you enjoyed thorn because it got you kills .
not saying he 's not entitled to his opinion but he 's pretty off-based compared to the normal experience on the map .
used phone to ssh to machine where he wrote a script
if you strike iran 's facilities not only are you effectively declaring war on the country and potentially destabilizing the region but iran would simple move its facilities underground where they are harder to find and hit .
you 've just effectively ended any hope of a peaceful resolution and made the whole situation worst .
they will look for ways to retaliate and we would be engaged into another war in the middle east .
except this time there is a country with a modern and formidable military instead of the relatively undeveloped militaries of iraq and afghanistan .
he just stood and watched henrique score that winner in extra time .
i know he was probably stuffed but in the grand final surely you 'd find that extra bit of energy
are they trying to be the most backward place in the western world ?
my main issue with mmp is that it 's a combination of two systems i 'm not a huge fan of fptp and party list pr though combined they are much better than each individually .
both result in wasted votes fptp elects without majority support and most implementations of party list pr place too much control in the hands of parties and disadvantage minor parties that do n't reach the threshold and the ones that do n't waste votes anyway .
irv and stv the two components of preferential mmp address all of these issues .
preferential voting eliminates the wasting of votes ensures majority support for the winner and stv allows the voters rather than the parties to control who is elected .
even if obama invited her in person to the white house to convince her to go to this rally it is still completely unacceptable to be treated in such a way .
what you can see on this rally is hatred and racism in its purest form .
that would require fighting against those who implemented the draft and the war that led to it .
an abundance of volunteers just makes unnecessary and unjust military action easier and more politically expedient .
i must say i have a vested interest as i use tumblr but honestly the people i follow the majority from melbourne belong to a huge network of highly intelligent rational compassionate people no dick chopping 'overly offended ' people in sight .
i just wish people would dig a bit deeper before casting judgement .
sed is powerful indeed but i have yet to learn how to use it .
it was a nice 'gimmick ' at the start .
but too easy the timing is easier than soulsgames parry windows .
i sneaked into a gauntlet training camp and photographed their lead analyst mid-poach .
he schooled whoopie on what an automatic weapon was without being an ass about it .
what do you do if you shit so much something like this happens ?
i 'm just imagining this poor guy standing there contemplating what to do with the mess he 's made .
considering i 've been rank 1 since the beginning i could care less .
i 'm just giving you the rational explanation on why its so easy to get rank 1 with a newly made account if you do n't want to listen to the enunciation of truth fine by me .
there is a way for abbadon to stay relevant at late game .
while most comments come from a vocal minority that has in large managed to displace many users that it disagrees with by flooding the sub with right-wing themed '' threads and comments
in principle our feeling is that r/europe is n't for the expression of hate speech .
there are other fringe-y parts of the interweb that are .
it 's a broad statement there say you are the only white/black/green ... . in a all orange society the orange society will fear hate and be bias against them .
america has a problem of being a country of immigrant you have every race here .
if only say 5 of the dominant race is racist and the other 95 is not .
the news and spin doctors will alway make it seem that the majority is racist even though they are not .
i like the night part but not so much the silhouette on the day part .
and have a line graph instead of a bar graph with a bar every 10 minutes of the day ?
yeah the attack stat would be necessary please but that 's what i wanted to change all three 31 attack stats to 0 attack i just changed them
my idea is i want to hatch the pokemon and be able to easily see which stat of the 6 did n't get passed down that 's why i choose 31/**31**/31/30/31/30 for hp fire 31/**30**/31/30/31/30 because that way if the judge tells me that the attack stat is perfect i would know it was passed down and something else was not
that 's also why i choose the name not hot '' because i would use it to breed hp fire although it 's hp water
but i just realized that he also tells me that the attack stat is terrible 0 or 1 and that 's why i 'm now going with 31/**0**/31/30/31/30
i just changed it i think i 'll keep the nicknames though p
if it 's too difficult to find a shiny one just leave it it really does n't matter all that much
oh and have you decided on what you would want for them ?
they tried to cool it of before the temperature got too high
could you try the leaning test to give us more info ?
your nipples are low in lucy often when it fits well your nipples will be at the horizontal seam though not always .
this indicates you have less tissue below your nipple ie are less fob than lucy requires .
the alternative is that the cup is too large i think it is worth trying lucy in 32e to be sure you look like you could go down a couple of mm in wire width and obviously going to a smaller size is likely to do that wire widths are listed on bratabase.com which can be a help to stop you ordering something clearly unsuitable .
if you do have tall roots entirely possible half cups can be a good shape freya has starlet unlined half cup that is narrowish and projected lauren padded half cup and clones that are wider but have some projection then patsy and clones which in most sizes are wide and shallow though in your size range it 's not super wide by any means .
is n't this true of trans people in general and not just veterans ?
i doubt they were friends before boogie got famous though
i 'm not convinced game matters not when it comes to hitting on strangers or looking for ons .
i think that it can have some minimal influence but looks are the primary arbiter of attractiveness followed by socio-economic status followed by 'game ' or what i would just call social skills .
those numbers seem off but i think i can deduce which one 's you 're referring to .
first i have yet to successfully cast a spell but one day i shall be a great wizard ... erm i mean i could n't bestow upon you my gifts for it would break the ancient code of ... . ferrantulius
second i love talking to people but i can get super anxious in seemingly arbitrary situations .
third i think it is awesome but people keep telling me to be quiet as if i had raised my voice
yeah but you guys should only be able to prescribe certain things relevant to what you need to give patients tooth jockey !
well it is buffered so it would make sense for it cost a little more but not that much
sounds like you are looking for casino in which case bitcasino https bitcasino.io ? ref=general is indeed excellent if you are not in the usa if you are in the usa cloudbet https www.cloudbet.com/en ? af_token=a77bafd302462f3e57d24cda5abf704d also has sports and bitstarz https www.bitstarz.com/refer/bitcoin-betting-guide are great .
for other types of gambling like sports betting poker and dice you ca n't beat nitrogen http nitrogensports.eu/r/189 .
i run uav talon raps and i never call in my talon before earning my heavy rollers .
i control my talon and average 7 to 10 kills with it that way but if i 'm in the situation of earned talon and hear enemy raps in bound i 'll give this a try .
do u know that a button called mute '' exists ?
been vaping a bit less than a year now .
ca n't remember which one but one of those ha a very weird consistency for us .
might have to give them another go since probe is getting crazy expensive for some reason .
he just said exploit it which is good advice .
systemd sucks badly but if you want to progress you learn how to wrap it around your finger .
the best thing about being an old sysadmin is learning not to jump too soon .
voters remain closely divided on the need for additional gun control .
forty-five percent 45 believe the united states needs stricter gun control laws but 50 disagree .
to hear gun-control advocates tell it 94.78 of americans want stricter gun control .
the 45-55 number has stayed pretty flat throughout the years .
contrary to the propaganda there is no rallying cry among the public to hamper gun ownership .
good half abit wasteful in last few chances i think we ll score at least once in 2nd half and lucho will start resting players probably seeing sandro play and others
oh no i 'm just showing you ridiculous player names .
i agree both are bad but from what i know takata did not go to the same level of ignoring the problem once they knew about it then covered it up like gm did for years .
of course the airbag failure failure is obvious unlike an ignition switch which might not be discovered in an accident investigation .
gm knew that and thought they would literally get away with murder .
just get a chase freedom if you do n't have one already .
fifteen months no interest and a signup bonus worth 150 at the moment .
if you 've got a lot of other wedding expenses and can meet the 4,000 in three month minimum spend on the chase sapphire preferred then you can get that card also and your 150 cash can easily become worth twice that in flights for your honeymoon .
the sapphire 's bonus is worth 500 in cash but yet again easily double that if converted to airline miles .
i bring it up because the freedom ca n't transfer to miles but it can transfer to the sapphire which can then transfer .
if it 's not obvious i 'm planning a wedding too .
i 'm going to get 4,000 worth of flying for about 500 .
people do n't really tend to have big rings .
but maybe i just do n't run in the circles with the people that do .
also people who judge you on the size of your ring are snobs so ignore them .
if you can afford it then i say go for it !
that was my first scarecrow i made and won first place in scary division .
he would have turned her if that happened ... .i suppose ?
the r farmer goku does n't dokkan awaken into ssg goku
you seem to be blaming her and not at all him .
it sites that they were playing with a gun .
this is just as much his fault as it is hers .
i 'd charge her with unintentional manslaughter and give her an 18 month sentence .
fuck yeah but you could chalk it up as them not fully blaming her but also him .
you also seem to be hating women a bit too much to the point where its blinding your view on how they verify this .
cops do n't just take what someone says and instantly believe it even when confessing to a guilty crime .
they could check for gunpowder residue resistance by fighting off etc .
your post has been flagged as trying to figure out a specific person 's actions or thinking .
if you think this action was made in error message our moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskmen with a link to the post for approval .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askmen if you have any questions or concerns .
sometimes i 'll start a sentence and i do n't even know where it 's going .
i just hope i find it along the way .
you lot really should have gone for pulis when he was available ... picking sherwood over pulis is atrocious in retrospect .
hrc http funk.eu/hrc is the only way i have been able to get stretched 4:3 to work on windows 10 .
its easy to setup you can have multiple resolutions setup on hotkeys and it even works with 144hz monitors .
some computers even laptops with only a mic and headphone jack from a few years ago allow you to have multipurpose audio jacks .
a2dp to usb is a seriously specific device with no other real uses .
i understand your frustration however it seems like your so for whatever reason is n't ready/mature enough to be there for you emotionally when you need him to .
maybe it 's his own insecurity/jealousy/immaturity/etc that he can put your well being above all that .
or most likely he simply do n't know how to emotionally support someone .
through a few failed relationships i 've finally learned that i do n't need to fix '' everything i simply just need to be there emotionally through a phone call or text .
i 'm not saying you should n't be upset .
i 'm just trying to at least try to give him his side of the story .
this is important because she works almost every holiday i spent christmas eve and most of christmas day playing .
most of the leading up to new year 's eve also along with nye itself .
woke up jan 1 with no interest in gaming have n't touched my xbox in a week .
not sure when i 'll pick up a controller again .
it seems like you 're missing a rainy day fund .
bottom line is that 90 of the unpredictable '' things popping up in our budgets are actually completely predictable .
car insurance comes out one month property taxes the next month maybe the next month is good but then you hit xmas on and on .
stocking a rainy day fund will save your ass every month .
also props to you buying the computer in cash !
anyone who did n't see this coming raise your hand .
i do n't know why everyone is assuming i 'm the bad guy here .
probably because you got chat restricted and you do n't have evidence that you do n't deserve it .
i know that because i 've tried in vain and seen my friends get restricted
... and that was how 'the great fridge quote war ' of 2016 started ...
you have to do a 1 hour orientation beforehand can be online though .
there are also links to the sites on there too should check out .
i am using a flip-phone now and i block the internet with the self control mac app for a few hours whitelisting a few websites .
it 's still failing do n't feel bad about this technology never cooperates when you need it to xd
well he did n't kill himself he was shot by police but the picture still makes no sense .
there 's an option in the usb and storage setting .
you are incredibly naive if you actually believe she will do anything about wall street or corporate greed .
if she becomes president all her wall street corporate donors are going to want favors from her and she is going to want to get re-elected .
it is not hard to see the corruption here come on .
for every one thing clinton tells us there are a hundred things she is not telling us .
republicans are just as bad but at least they are more obvious about it .
how can we get anything positive done through congress if it is so corrupt ?
this corruption problem needs to be fixed before anything else .
it 's not a rip off of a new hope it 's a tribute to all the films that came before .
it has everything deserts snow death star walkers storm trooper armies and then some .
my main criticism with the film though is that it does n't really do anything new though i 'll be fine with having it as a return to the series if the next films actually push the boundaries a bit .
i do n't oppose free movement within the commonwealth i think we should have a similar agreement with those nations but that does n't mean eu movement is bad .
in fact uk is one of the winners in eu immigration overall while places like poland are losing skilled labour to places like the uk and germany .
this is why our economy is projected to overtake france and the 2nd economy of europe by 2030 .
also you 'll find that if commonwealth immigration was opened up it might lead to a net loss for the uk with more brits moving to places like canada australia and new zealand than those nationalities coming here .
the only reason people hate eu immigration really is because they think that british born people deserve jobs over polish workers despite the fact that the polish worker is equally or more capable of doing the job .
they also make the mistake of thinking we have a finite number of jobs and that never changes in fact immigration is big factor in economic growth which means those poles are actually creating demand by moving here .
i do n't put any significance on nationality but solely on a economy and it makes sense economically to allow movement within the eu .
i can understand why people might not like large scale immigration of people who come from vastly different cultures and third world countries but frankly i feel like it makes no difference whatsoever if an immigrant is polish or canadian in fact in many ways we have more in common culturally with other europeans than we do with commonwealth peoples .
we seem to forget that the uk is part of europe and share all that culturally comes with it with other european nations distant places like australia despite once being part of our empire and speaking are language do not share that .
you might want to brush up on probability yourself .
he might win the rumble this year assuming they do n't completely bury the idea that he 's got 3 strong '' henchmen working with him if roman winning is n't a forgone conclusion .
outside of the set up for the mitb match though we 've never seen bray show an inclination for wanting titles .
i was supposed to do my instrument cross-country today .
i do n't clean my pieces often enough so a bit of salt always helps me personally .
being okay with nudity seems to me to be pretty european
funny i am currently writing with their co-founder about an issue that 's bugging me .
while he 's not rude he certainly is n't helpful .
i have an issue with ninite updater in conjunction with my firewall .
ninite saves a new version of its updater in a different directory each time it 's started .
i can not whitelist it it 's driving me nuts .
turns out the arsenal players are the dankest memers of all as they try to walk it in
closes his eyes feeling good between her nuzzling and the warm water .
ah i do n't think right now could get any better ... .
it tells me when i join or someone else does .
but sometimes it kicks me out without informing me .
narratively i think fallout 4 failed as a rpg .
every branch in the dialog tree lead to the same result just slightly different dialog options .
in previous fallout games especially fallout 2 dialog options influence gameplay and how you 'll complete a quest .
you can say fuck you and your minutemen preston '' and he will just laugh it off and you 'll still have to do the quest .
there are a couple of good moments where certain someone in a certain faction is n't the person who says he is .
they send you out to kill him and you can make the choice to kill him or not .
but these moments are too few for a fallout game .
3 of the factions have the same ending almost verbatim just different dialog text and characters .
now that being said i think fallout 4 shines as a rpg in the combat department .
in the previous fallout games excluding first 2 there is a clear optimal path small guns .
energy weapons do n't appear until very late in the game unless you 're doing some hardcore early game exploring .
sneak is only useful in a couple of scenarios where going in blazing will work just as fine .
fallout 4 had a good balance between explosives small guns heavy weapons and energy weapons .
i found perks much more useless in the previous games .
strong back and nerves of steel insane requirements are really the only good all around perks in new vegas .
the other perks are very specific to a scenario that you may or may not encounter in the game .
i found perks to be all around useful in fallout 4 and applied to many scenarios .
the capital wasteland and the mojave desert had a certain style that kept me glued in the game .
dc felt like a true apocolyptic wasteland with radiation leaking everywhere .
the mojave felt like hopeless barren desert filled with a strong variety of civilizations .
the boston commons well felt like a bunch of empty buildings .
kind of like the liberty city of fallout games .
there are really only 2 major cities diamond city and goodneighbor .
there are settlements but settlements lack things a city needs .
you have to build your own shops and recruit your own settlers .
that is fun and all but i would like the developer not leave most of the design work to the players .
i would rather have a well designed world building over a fleshed out settlement building system .
i am not a big fan of questing in fallout 4 either .
i prefer most of my quests to be designed and not procedurally generated fetch quest .
i could n't tell whether if a quest handed to me is design or procedurally generated most of the time which goes to show how devs put so little effort into questing .
civex or civilizationexperiment is a semi-vanilla survival minecraft server where groups of players form roleplaying nations .
the map and ore generation are custom in order to make each biome unique with specific goods that can only be acquired there .
nations place claims on sections of land and cultivate that land as they please .
as time moves on alliances are formed wars are fought and friendships are made and occasionally lost .
civex aims to recreate real world politics diplomacy and conflict .
the server is more than a year old with a long lasting reddit community .
a basic beginners guide can be found here https www.reddit.com/r/civilizatonexperiment/wiki/guide .
and a list of current nations can be found here https www.reddit.com/r/civilizatonexperiment/comments/3uakts/nation_database
it appears that the vast majority of scandals with the gate suffix are fairly significant political scandals .
i 've worked in a related industry with pcbs and really appreciate the work you do .
most of the linux distributions you listed are targeted at more experienced users .
manjaro is slightly more so but still is n't really a good beginner distro it 's more like arch for people who want to do less setup work .
you would probably be better off using something like linux mint or openmandriva both are aimed at people getting into linux so if you do n't know what to choose choose one of those .
not even mad we lost because it took that type of transcendent game to win .
seriously i said there 's no way the frogs could come back shy of a miracle .
i was genuinely inspired by how tcu responded in the final minutes of regulation .
i mean every single table had a player getting cramps worked out kohlhausen is limping bleeding wincing .
i need gary patterson 's halftime speech to kick my ass into gear during finals week
do n't think of it as a savings account .
it 's just a second account that will help you cut down on trickle expenses which you do n't notice .
you use this account only when you 've run out of money in the primary .
in the beginning i kept having to use the second account .
but it 's been a couple of years since i 've done that now .
and my quality of living has n't gone down one bit .
headed to chicago with the fam probs will check out the art museum and the aquarium tomorrow dinner and a show tonight .
will likely swing through haberdash to see if there 's anything worth picking up .
i 've only ever bought from them once but they 're really cool people and there ig is pretty cool .
i really wanted my next purchase to be enzo but i really feel like the barrie is perfect for longwings .
hahaha i can imagine one of denny 's ladyfriends convincing him that he needs exercise to keep the mad cow at bay so he talks alan into attending a spin class with him ... except they do n't even make it through the first class because they 're disruptive hedonist babies .
they give up and leave on their own but not before trying the instructor 's patience and earning plentiful eyerolls from the rest of the class .
then they collapse on the balcony at the end of the day luxuriate in their scotch and cigars and vow never again .
boston legal gets me through the blacklist 's hiatuses .
except milwaukee is the most segregated city in america so ... and yeah i 've been exposed to gays sorry if that hurt your feelings .
no it 's just one of the few that i 've kept stored away in its original box .
i do n't have any deep emotional attachment to it or anything so i 'm just sorta testing the market .
i read somewhere its really cheap to flu to columbia from fl .
india is super cheap if you can get cheap flights .
i did 5 months there for under 2000 last year .
turn off the damn focus beep on your camera !
that richards slip would 've been a goal in the epl .
my prayers go out to you and your mc40 .
may it never freeze and never have a bad pick .
i actually ran reno warrior for a lot of the last season and the beginning of this one and while it 's fun as hell it 's just too inconsistent .
you are right about scarabs being bad tempo plays vs aggro but tbh if you do n't pull your main antiaggro tools like winaxe shield slams revenge and the like you 're probably dead anyway .
probably because male singaporean fresh grads are essentially temporarily staff waiting for enlistment ?
most people who are gamers like to pretend they know shit .
most of them just learned how to install windows and/or build a pc a week ago .
also they like to think they 're special because they do n't own a console .
i wanted to get away from the leftists so i moved to one of the most progressive countries in the world . ''
you 're not too late to this i 'm waiting a day to see how many people say they would
sadly i am no endocrinologist and at the time i saw the pt we were just managing an episode of crazy high triglycerides and were just putting her back on her regime by her endo .
i am assuming she had both a insulin dependent dm which would still be type 2 because it was n't autoimmune destruction of islet cells insulin resistance so she needed all the things .
semi-locked which keeps your champ in the screen but you can move the camera around .
most of them could be considered too personal '' .
i want to ask if the military will have access to it/make use of it re spratlys
given the sheer cost of oil at that time my guess is things like lawn mowers and other stuff were powered by batteries like mfcs and such or cheaper civilian versions thereof .
i like to think the majority of the oil cans we see are filled with leftover oil or artificial oil perhaps from organic sources .
this thread is teaching me that i am super suggestible .
it is natural to be swayed in such positions .
like not telling him has its own risk of negative things maybe that will mean robbing him of his only chance to resolve his complicated feelings .
grandpa is n't dead but apparently is pretty similar to how he imagined .
that means the situation is n't different enough to inspire different results in the relationship .
the third option here is just to wait and sit on the situation for a couple of months even a year .
let all the information settle mull it over subconciously do n't obsess and revisit later on .
you 'll probably end up making a better decision .
she remarks not meaning that in a negative or a positive way .
it 's a way of living she knows it 's not her preferred way though .
this song was a pretty big hit here too .
still hear it on the radio now and then .
always sing along ... . very out of tune ☺
wait what was the reasoning that cable management affects performance ?
o_o unless you use cables which would create latency in signal but having all your computer parts in different sides of the country is stupid in itself .
crouching gives a time nt benefit to accuracy when shooting fully autoimatic weapons .
the benefit is so small its not worth mentioning .
well among robots perhaps ... but when someone asks about the viability of a certain strategy or genre a simple binary yes/no '' answer is not satisfying .
the asker is expecting some explanation along with that .
throwie himself has understood this since he 's provided that explanation after being pressed for it .
hi everyone thanks for being a part of r\/randomactsofblowjob .
please do n't feed the trolls send pictures or personal details to people who have n't proved they are who they say they are .
more from london r/randomactsofblowjob/search ? q=title 3alondon+subreddit 3a 28randomactsofblowjob+or+randomactsofmuffdive 29 restrict_sr sort=new t=all
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
both have significant burst but deception definitely tops concealment .
the nice thing about concealment however is that it does have some great sustained dmg as well volatile substance corrosive dart acid blade unlike deception who only gets crushing darkness which as far as i know they do n't really use too much of anyways .
i am a teacher who sponsors a club which discusses awareness and appreciation of other cultures .
my students are also in the midst of shakespeare 's macbeth .
a card from you for any occasion would be a fun treat !
that 's the game he plays patron vs. shadowpriest and is more fascinated by the shadowpriest than actually playing his own deck .
thanks for the advice it 's pretty much what i had concluded for the most part .
the difficulty with online dating is that although ostensibly you may have made the physical cut in reality what can you tell from a photograph ?
i have noticed that i attract way more attention online because i 'm a compelling writer and all of the usual social cues are stripped away .
offline i do n't have anything like such a compelling presence .
i do n't know about finding 5s attractive one person 's 5 is another person 's 7 !
i 'm in decent shape not bad looking intelligent make good money ... i would like someone who 's reasonably slim reasonably attractive reasonably intelligent and solvent .
what i wo n't do is lower my standards to someone i 'm not attracted to that would n't be fair on either party and i 'd rather be on my own .
but thanks for taking the time to give me your thoughts i agree with almost all of what you said .
however if you 're not making an ai match and want a more balanced match and then publicly executed .
not to say that it 's easier to build onto than my other settings and had a day so it would be the best system i 've ever bitched about in all ways from the man was speaking about having no reason to not regret sticking to one of many to aid people in this whole place to be for my civ now that i 'm eyeing the mid-war period with envy currently .
what a great piece of equipment ... ..i take my bike into some ankle deep water and it breaks apart and they just drive trough 2 meter deep water .
does the steam version of lightning returns bought in south east asian countries have any regional restrictions ?
i know that the asian version of ffxiii and xiii-2 was restricted so that you ca n't play this version of the game in non-asian countries .
does anybody know if lightning returns is restricted in the same way ?
in an emergency situation i 'd put the plane down at jfk if it was the best option .
they can take my watch if i ca n't afford the landing fee .
that should n't even factor in to someone 's decision making .
for sure there are dead folks but you can only see them above 6000m .
be safe and only do it if you 're 100 comfortable no pressure no doubt .
do n't want to risk feeling guilty about it later .
you 'll know when it 's the right time which sounds about now .
the ps2 had a massive disk reading issue where the laser head fell out of focus due to a cheap gear .
they actually had a class action suit against then and ended up repairing certain models for free .
mine was one of them that had this issue and it was infuriating .
the dvd drive in my first computer has outlived all of my consoles .
i ca n't imagine how fast they must have been going to do that on that turn .
i 'm sure i 've probably taken that turn at 90 just pretending to grab the embankment like a racer .
these guys must have been going well past that to flip over the edge .
first if you care too much about her avatar you will have a much much more difficult time .
if you like pcs who buy a ton of dlc for their avatar they will probably not be impressed by your high int figures and will care a lot more about your gold storage .
while interacting with a pretty avatar is enjoyable remember that avatars decay no matter how much you patch them .
if your current class is stock broker then you probably do n't get to meet a lot of female players .
you need to do a few side quests and maybe get involved in a mini-game guild .
downloading an companion dogs work best can also facilitate interaction .
also be aware that if you are a stock broker class other players may perceive you to be a bad companion based on recent in-game entertainment and daily memos .
despite your extra gold you 'll need to make sure that you do n't come across as addicted to your class quests .
sorry if you do n't want to share it but why are you opposed to reduction ?
i 'm using 16.0.6 and i just tested and confirmed that it did not turn off between uses on my last pcb project .
however i ca n't find a global default setting for the pcb editor .
did you save your pcbdoc after changing the setting ?
the schematic convert special strings option has a setting in preferences but it looks like for the pcb it is by project or by document .
well if you 're a big time investor it 's almost obligatory to read the sub to know what not to invest in xd .
so assuming this is n't just some excuse who the heck forgot to file this paperwork ?
i 've had people go full-on f-ing flying triangle on me just because they knew they could 'land ' a whole lot softer that 'big boy x ' .
the main thing blocking me is her opinion once its done .
i want to end it clean and remain friendly .
i am sorry to tell you this but this might not be possible .
your reason to leave her is a logical one but love is n't logical so she still might be angry no matter how good the reason .
aside from this i would n't recommend you two stay near each other because it may make things more difficult for both of you to move on .
do you have any advice on getting out of the mindset about caring t be the bad guy ?
you are someone who wants a '' your partner wants b '' so you see that it does n't make sense to be together .
also accept the fact that nobody will ever be liked by everybody .
there will always be someone who might resent us or be upset towards us .
you could always delete it all and stream instead p
edit how i love being ostracized for no good reason
since i need to make a lot i have a really quick technique i use .
i found that using sculpt allowed you to have much more organic looking models even at low poly .
well we can determine why nami 's grew as she was on a city in the sky hence through scientific research that they have been affected like the tree 's in skypea .
that or they have some plastic surgeons up there .
got my mm m3ds to 9.2 with 9.5 emunand and functioning eshop yesterday !
i believe you were asked to back up your statement about corbyn
the 'nuance ' being that it 's everyone 's fault except the terrorists .
all of her music is fucking amazing and i highly suggest you look up the rest of her songs .
about the apostrophe i do n't think it needs to be there .
english is my first language but i 'm not a hundred percent sure on that
we 're saying it happens whether or not refugees are involved .
but thats not true 50 of those arrested now were recent refugees .
are you claiming that if they hadnt been there someone else would have taken their places ?
these events will happen more often if we do n't think scientifically about the causes .
thats what being done but culture is part of the cause here .
i think for example that extended families should be re-assembled across the european borders .
why wouldnt they ask asylum in the country the family is in ?
i would actually plead for the reverse dont let refugees choose but randomly distribute them troughout the eu .
you can keep familys grouped in this way if you want .
something to restructure the social fabric and bring social control mechanisms back .
thats not going to happen with such limited actions an aunt in munich wouldnt have stopped anything even a 1000 in germany wouldnt have done that .
and this doesnt really talk about the article itself .
its bs it start by shaming some who spoke out against such violence it then makes up a bs statement that this kind of talk has been going on for decades .
it continues with more nonsense that its just because these people are immigrants that the media reports on this .
ignoring the fact the media didnt write about it for almost a week and then tries to prove this by saying nobody cares when this happens on octoberfest .
yet the organisation itself has already long ago taken measures and it ignores the fact its a thousands times as big/a lot longer and involves ten times less vicitims .
it also is intellectually dishonest by comparing all arrest in oktoberfest with just sexually assault in munich
obsidian pick head magical wooden binding and thaumium tool rod .
then i added the 3 extra modifiers then lapis then 7 large obsidian plates .
i dont know he was in my friendslist and i laughed when i saw he got ow banned .
his prior names were also something with too strong for ow '' or something along those lines
i 'm 5'1 '' and my so is 6'7 '' .
it is a labido drop that often happens around week 2 or 3 .
i had urges stop and mood sings early on mine lasted a day and a half they get shorter as you walk this out .
do n't test flat line no edging no trying to trigger yourself to test it .
i 'm sure it depends on how long you walked the pmo road .
everything will normalize just let your body rewire your brain .
just look around nofap and here for folks on day 10-25 .
do n't worry about it just be aware of it .
so when it happens you can celebrate your brain changing .
i 'd like something along the lines of roughly i would use this '' i might use this '' this is a terrible idea ''
i had an older rat that developed hind leg paralysis so i 'd bathe him pretty much daily .
he did n't really like it much but could n't exactly fight me on it .
other than that i just give them a bath if they 're messy .
they might need help with their tails though i have one that does n't clean his so then his tail will look scaly from all the dead skin if i do n't clean it for him .
oh excuse me an even newer science has n't been studied for the long term effects on the plants animals and people consuming them
actually your name reminds me of a fool proof way to induce ptsd with a traditional display .
in reality this is a completely ineffective way to brain wash '' people but it will produce ptsd in most people .
you would not even need to show anything scary a looping barney the dinosaur song would work as well .
well i for one welcome our new pearl overlords .
so if i get superchargers i can get the trap team starter free ?
can not get this to work from inside any vehicle helis spacedocker etc .
i managed to put the spacedocker on a hill and call from far down the explosion was really close but no impact or effect was noticed .
edit very difficult to hit a police heli with it
just plan to hang out in bed and take pain meds and netflix binge !
i 'm buying like that as well on some and riding the wave on others .
i 'd definitely bump the ram to 16gb even with the smaller hard drives in that case
your thread has been removed from r/art for violating the sidebar guidelines most likely due to your submission title .
titles should be to the point concise and not contain any extraneous information or be subjective in any way .
please resubmit following the guidelines in the sidebar and if you feel like your post adheres to our subreddit guidelines please feel free to message the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/art if you have any questions or concerns .
good writing would have me understand why the character is apprehensive .
this just made me think obi wan was an irrational idiot .
sorry but links to facebook pages are not allowed .
please screenshot the content censor any personal/identifying information such as names/usernames and then post it thanks .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rage if you have any questions or concerns .
no cups of water were harmed in the making of this artwork .
you have no idea how happy i am that this is here .
deixo aqui dois bons artigos feitos pela comunidade do digitalocean com boas dicas .
a título de curiosidade este ano 2015 houve uma palestra sobre o yunohost no 32c3 internet cube let 's build together a free neutral and decentralized internet https media.ccc.de/v/32c3-7401-internet_cube
you could take the rodents somewhere to release them .
how many of them will come back to your place because they know food is there ?
how many find homes in other people 's places ?
but if you are willing to maintain that game then by all means release them elsewhere if you can .
if you drive is it worth the wasted fuel and additional pollution ?
if you live in a city do you want to give those pests a new home in a neighbor 's '' house ?
that is n't very nice after all rodents can spread disease eat your food contaminate your food and shit piss in your house .
sometimes they even cause damage like chewing wires this can cause fires or putting holes in things entrances for other potential pests .
humans are animals and connected to the ecosystems just as any other animal .
this means that we compete for food like other animals .
some animals kill for that competition whether it is mating territory or as food .
if you grew enough food to last the winter and to plant the next spring you would defend it because your life and the lives of your family depend on it .
if you are a farmer those rodents might contaminate the food barley grains alfalfa etc .
you need to keep your livestock alive through the winter .
humans are not very different than any other animal when it comes to competing for food .
what if there is an overpopulation of rats/mice in your area ?
this means that when the food sources run out many will starve to death a few turn to cannibalism .
i would rather peacefully drown than starve to death .
relocating rodents in an already overpopulated area does n't contribute much .
i thought it was great but only made it one season .
if your choir was anything like mine it 's because you were the only one who knew what they were doing and you had to pull the weight of three dozen other people lol .
for juice artificial flavors are cheaper and yield a higher profit margin .
for soap they utilize the acids in lemons to help clean also the same jug of soap is around 5x the cost of artificially made juices .
the problem is you are lumping in 'the subs ' with anything to do with the actual events in the outside world as if they are on the same footing rather than just being echo chambers of idiots .
similarly with the media vs the mayor and police .
they interact on some level but mostly do n't really have anything to do with one another actions they take are n't related .
that 's why i 'm calling it conspiracy nonsense .
the best way of thinking about art history is a chain of logical leaps .
artists always trying to find the next thing and branching off the last .
after photography art was trying to distill itself down to something basic so
impressionism took away the photo realism and left it to photography and focused more on the air colour and aura
neo-impression stripped paintings of their ether to capturing the real colours of things and the real aura of a scene they will make a scene with the colours they like and make the aura they like .
expressionism goes one step further breaking from representing the real world at all instead it 's primary focus is the expression of the aura
cubism sees the break from reality and tries to see if it can capture more of the world without looking like the world in only the way a painter can .
futurism thinks that it can capture movement better than cubism and things it 's a little tightly wound .
purism says fuck representing the real world again and decides just to use it to inspire the elements of art that it actually cares about .
abstract does even want to use the real world as an explanation .
it does the one thing photography ca n't or so they thought at that time exist as purely an element of design and art concepts .
from there it just gets more confusing as many painters declared painting dead as a practice but could never quite leave it be so we have everything start to swing back the other way .
the playstation 2 is like 15 years old meaning op is using a 7 year old meme
now while tall runners have an extremely large stride length their strides per second usually suffers .
usain bolt is the exception to this and you can see this when you compare him to other athletes .
i mean if i had a verified account and was known to be of the kind of caliber nero is i would n't be surprised for the verified tag to be removed .
you 'd think after being suspended several times he 'd learn but i guess some people are just ... well ... https 45.media.tumblr.com/7feab0d69ad8f9dc2ba557e6e5521ae6/tumblr_nuf2sqyfid1rjgdvwo1_500.gif
did you even read my post before you spat out a response ?
if you did you would have realized i already said there is no convincing someone like you and to do your own research .
there are translators who have cited that your interpretation is incorrect not that you would ever accept an idea that is contrary to your world view .
either that or you did read my post and just have a lack of basic reading comprehension .
in which case i would suggest you become a bit more proficient in your own language before you start analyzing others .
yes i 've been looking for the episode and for clips on yt .
then came back to comment sections hoping somebody would link .
lsb clips and episodes are one of my go-to cheer up yt videos
such a small selection of westerns are available on netflix .
i would think there would be more because some of the older ones have to be fairly cheap .
for myself i 'm going to check out blackthorn and i realized i 've never watch butch cassidy and the sundance kid so i added that to my list .
calorie counting could have easily told him why he was n't gaining weight .
clearly reddit user u/dietcokeandprotein knows why this professional athlete failed if only takanoyama had him as a coach maybe be could have succeeded !
there are affordable low cost animal hospitals there is care credit there are groups that help owners with their medical bills .
there are options for owners who need help financially .
and yes it 's nice when hospitals can help owners with finances but it 's not okay for owners to displace their financial responsibility to a hospital and get upset when they ca n't lower the estimate for the cost of care .
the hospital ca n't give away free medication away unless it 's donated they ca n't give your free injections because it costs the hospital whatever they pay for they have to charge you .
a person can be bummed out that a hospital ca n't help them with cost but it 's not okay to now be upset at a hospital and make them feel responsible financially for your pet because you are n't .
and there 's after care too so you 're asking a hospital to just write off 1000 or more dollars when that means that they might have to lay off employees or even close or not be fully stocked with medication or supplies they need to help out other pets and owners .
if you ca n't afford proper care for your animal when the time comes it 's the owners responsibility to choose what to do .
yes euthanasia is an option when an owner ca n't afford proper care and the after care is going to be even more also if the pet is going to suffer more with half ass care .
good example parvo ideally your pet should be on iv fluids injections and oral meds for 2-3 days in hospital .
owners who ca n't afford that we send them home with fluids to give sq and oral meds not ideal and something we do n't do for pets that are severally sick .
if the pet has parvo and is severely sick and the owner ca n't afford the proper treatment so the pet does n't suffer at home than yes i think euthanasia is an option because that animal might not even make it .
and then once it goes home it still needs medications and rechecks .
i 've had owners relinquish their pets because they could n't afford care and they could n't handle afford after care .
to me that 's one of the biggest sacrifices an owner can do for their pet that 's in the pets best interest .
because what if something else happens are you going to expect the hospital to give an owner more free services discounter services every time those types of owners bring their pets in no ?
look i get where your coming from but like anything you really have to be in the business to understand the economics and why hospital ca n't always just give free services or low cost services away to everyone because we get 10 dire situations a week every day if you work at an emergency hospital and usually half the owners ca n't afford treatment .
so trying to keep your business afloat while trying to help owners you 're going to get some animals people who you ca n't help financially .
it 's business a veterinary hospital is a business not a charity people do n't get that .
in the book of philemon one of the last books in the nt we have the story of a xian slave running away from a xian master and he asks for help and that bastion of moral virtue paul tells him togo back .
jesus himself talks many times about slavery not once does he say it 's wrong insta he tells slave s to shut up and work hard without complaining .
xians did n't abolish slavery the british gov which is not xian but secular started the abolishment process and it used the royal navy to force everyone else .
the major opponents of abolishment was the church of england catholics and other european churches who were major investors with slaves .
same goes in america where the bible belt south was on the side of slavery .
paul also says women should be silent in church and covered .
jesus himself took 12 men as his apostles with some relegated to being just ordinary followers .
xians saw this and continue that fine tradition today .
jesus himself says in mat5 19 to follow moses laws and teach a learn them if u want togoto heaven .
jesus love thy neighbour is a direct quote of lev 19:18 he always quotes moses in matters of law.. go read leviticus now .
the ot does sanction killing gays go read it .
it was n't murder to kill them it was the law .
murder is an illegal killing killing gays was the law .
i have n't seen these at any store just yet but i think they 'll be at cvs/walgreens and walmart according to milani 's ig .
the politicians who are in the power are corrupt but only the ones that i dislike .
i think it 's fine not to pay all my taxes but that 's not being corrupt that 's being smart
fuck brazil i wish i was in usa or europe
fuck dilma and lula and their corrupt worker 's party '' i wish there was a military dictature back because the people were safe that way not under some communist bullshit
you guys who are n't from brazil can see this getting upvoted but do n't be mistaken everything have two sides and that 's the hate from the ones that lost the election .
if anyone wan na talk about politics in brazil hit me up .
edit here is a link https www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/403id7/apparently_the_intz_red_canids_had_negotiated/cyrcmhe with some arguments and sources about corruption .
who 's this 38 fella and what is he doing on our pp ?
playing recklessly is dangerous especially when you see denna laing going into the boards and now the news that she 's paralyzed because of it .
thankfully injuries of that severity are rare but it takes only one misstep .
him taking a one year deal would clearly be a stall to next offseason when the fa market is weaker and he thinks he can get a bigger long term deal .
i was initially reluctant because i 'm all in favor of rebuilding the farm system but this would really just delay the drafting of one first round pick .
if we can trade gardner for a solid starter or even solid prospect i 'd be on board .
i was seeing a girl for a while who loved giving head she would get so hot doing it that she would occasionally have an orgasm without any stimulation to herself .
because of the bumps to me it looks like a pistol attached to a wooden club .
we tried it on her twice now the first time completely unprepared no lube but she was saying go for it so we tried and failed miserably .
the second time was recently and i was so overly cautious i think she got bored and i was so tense i could n't stay hard well enough to get inside her .
and then i 'd love her to peg me .
currently still stick a finger in there every so often as we have sex which pretty much makes me orgasm immediately .
but we 've not gone as far as real prostate play or anything .
we 've talked about it but outside of those couple of times she never mentions anything close to it at all which makes me think she 's not interested but is n't willing to tell me no .
almost any design that uses quads to represent individual pixels is doomed .
when i go to bed i take melatonin which helps a lot .
you can buy it online and its natural on your body .
well let 's hear it how would you improve upon the design with a pile of 2x4s and plywood lying around .
do you need to load the amount equivalent to the subscription or is something like 100 pesos fine ?
trying not to eat at night your making it rough
while im happy to have a new method to train with it should not make leveling rcing quicker at all .
people are usually like oh crap ringo sang again '' or damn he should only be let around the mic when he 's narrating thomas the tank engine '' but i love this song .
but that does n't stop my father and sister singing about how he would n't be able to fit his nose beneath the waves .
probably die in a car crash while using the world as my racetrack .
do you have any ssj3 goku with ssj2 gohan together and if not just ssj3 goku or just ssj2 gohan
the rest of the comment still holds though with him not adding it into that specific passage like writing it in and trying to pass it off as genuine and him saying that the golden rule has precedence when commands contradict each other which makes it a matter of interpretation rather than something that was added in
it kind of does as universities are much more lenient on their 'home ' degrees .
for example in the uk the a-level requirements will be ridiculously low compared to the ib score required sometimes .
at 30 it 's painfully obvious i 'm not cool anymore .
the concept of punishment for irresponsibility is not limited to weapons though .
if there is a common expectation that gun owners should keep their weapons secure how else would it be enforced ?
penny skips along side jason on the way to the locker room
there was a third one but it was n't this special and i probably deserved it
says the lil angry kid raging like hulk sending private messaging using aggressive language
okay kev get your head out ya bum and play now .
the guy who normally sit behind the driver tends to get really bad wind .
8:08 and still not 1 racist comment in a thread of 50 comments .
the only one bringing race and racism up is you .
i 'd implement a policy where you lost 1 karma point for every down vote you gave .
it would keep many from down voting for no good reason .
if you are really feeling it you wo n't mind sacrificing a point of your own .
dead space is the only game i 've ever beaten on the release date .
would love to see one sue when these new eos go into effect .
now you can get into personal responsibility if you want .
'if you 're not prepared to have a baby and ca n't afford condoms do n't have sex . '
are you against the killing of fetuses or is this about a vendetta on people without a lot of personal responsibility ?
i 'm saying that people not taking personal responsibility is a root cause of these unwanted pregnancies .
do n't be so naive as to think that my whole stance is based on an opposition of those without personal responsibility .
not having subsidized condoms is something that affects poor people a group already notable for having a lot of unwanted kids possibly because of reasoning above .
a richer person wo n't even notice the added cost .
yet there 's the option to not use condoms and save a bit of money .
first i 'd ask how you plan to put this into effect .
would this be a government mandate placed on private corporations ?
or would it be as it is now where the federal government funds businesses like planned parenthood ?
if it 's the first it 'd be grossly unconstitutional as it violates the allowance of religious freedom by forcing adherence to doctrinal violations .
well one of the supposed reasons why poor people have a lot of kids is that sex is one of the few free avenues of entertainment that is both very enjoyable and as i said free .
not having subsidized condoms is something that affects poor people a group already notable for having a lot of unwanted kids possibly because of reasoning above .
a richer person wo n't even notice the added cost .
yet there 's the option to not use condoms and save a bit of money .
forgive me if i misinterpreted you but basically what you 're insinuating is that the rich should pay for the entertainment of the poor by paying for their subsidized condoms that reduce that risk of them having to face the consequences of their actions .
this is absolutely ridiculous why do n't the rich pay for the poor 's movie tickets instead would that fix the problem ?
are you against the killing of fetuses or is this about a vendetta on people without a lot of personal responsibility ?
i 'm against the killing of fetuses '' and am saying that a root cause of the controversy is a condoned lack of personal responsibility on the part of those conceiving unwanted children .
that second quote up there though that speaks of a mentality that 's more about blaming people than about actually solving the stated problem vis-a-vis 'the killing of fetuses . '
the reason i say this is because the context of that quote does n't ... make a lot of sense .
no i 'm not focusing on berating those that lack personal responsibility i 'm identifying it as a key contributor to the problem .
you agree that insufficient sex-ed is partly to blame but expect everyone to know about condoms somehow anyways ?
you can see how i might be confused by that .
i 'm saying i support comprehensive sex ed whatever that may encompass but honestly ca n't fathom how anyone on their own ca n't find out what condoms are or how to use them especially in such a connected era what with the internet .
was it the lack of birth control condoms or abortions especially free ones that so severely hurt the poor during the 1960 's ?
oh wait that problem was n't at the forefront of pressing social issues .
out of wedlock birthrates during the 60 's was at 5 .
a lack of social stigma against illegitimate '' births likely contributed to this rise among other things and this disappearance of a stigma has been subconsciously appreciated by social progressives despite it 's negative effects .
and no i am not living on noodles i am on the road alot because of my job at the moment and noodles are easy so i eat them alot but my diet is quite healthy overall
yup that 's the one i 'm building currently .
it 's essentially the same thing as monoprice is selling but monoprice is n't using an open source bill of materials .
with 3d printers something is always going to break so it 's much better when you have 1000 sellers undercutting each other rather than being able to only buy parts from monoprice for inflated prices .
you 're turning a pile of parts into a working machine rather than ordering from monoprice and it pretty much just working out of the box .
you have won ff xiv i will inbox you with the gift address
defensive duelist is a guarantee of not getting hit .
you use it after you see the roll so you know whether or not using defensive duelist will block the attack .
our game is going to be in the 30s and pouring down rain the whole time so passing is n't going to be ideal .
especially since ben keeps throwing picks and nelson has his number .
did you know all the gold that has ever been refined throughout history could be placed in a cube measuring 65.5 feet 20 meters on a side .
please review the guidelines in the sidebar about the types of submissions that are appropriate for r/science .
if the video is scientific in nature please feel free to post it to our sister subreddit r/everythingscience .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/science if you have any questions or concerns .
yes there are purposes where it is better but for the majority of people ... the new one is better .
i think it 's just random items forming the shape of the tfb logo
how exactly would the kz government go about actually intercepting this communication ?
the user 's browser will be using a different certificate and thus a different encryption algorithm with the website in question will it not ?
the private key in the kz root will not decrypt that traffic .
now if they were redirecting your requests to their own infrastructure with the bogus root ca then yes they could use a proxy to pretend to be said website and perform mitm attacks however it sounded like kz did n't really have much infrastructure in place or else they could also put a firewall up .
i was at a house party and my girlfriend and i were asleep on the couch when we wake up to our friends pitting outside stuff in the house like a lawnmower and ladder in the living room and the lighter fluid in the oven with the door open .
we had no idea wtf was going on so we just go back to sleep .
we find out what happened in the morning and the host made the gf and myself bacon and eggs for helping clean up
i think gear being powerful is good but i agree that set bonuses and trinkets are a bit overwhelming .
by all means make it so a 700 raid trinket gives you 2 more dps than a 700 mythic dungeon trinket for example but do n't completely fuck up the item budgets such that the trinket from mythic dungeons is nothing but vendor trash .
people are still going to wear the best items they can get and those that consistently show up for raids are going to do consistently more damage than those who do n't and that is great it just does n't have to be collossally huge .
set bonuses i understand the appeal of even less .
i have a 4pc it just does shitty irritating things to my rotation and i 'd rather just wear offset gear and not have to carry around a bunch of gear in my bags to swap into when the fight is such that the 4pc is useful .
have you never seen the cool story babe now go make me a sandwich '' ones ?
it 's like a warning signal to all self respecting women
okay then replace kea with kaka or kakapo i did n't specifically mean kea when i said 'amazing bird species ' .
do you have a good source explaining skywave propagation '' ?
so acurate op can shoot the hair off a fly 's ass on the moon from earth
defense on the other end is what killed us anyway .
kobe was able to lock kd up and deny the ball to him but westbrook just blew by clarkson every single time .
you just made me question what subreddit i was in .
i liked it but it should have been a bit longer and actually had gameplay other than dialogue choices .
holding rt until your finger cramps does not count .
i can see myself having my non gamer fiancee play it with me and then maybe scooping up the achievements but that 's about it .
the free world send 300,000 of its active personal to aid ujb at liaoning china .
how can an entire organization be hostage like this ?
bioshock was an absolutely great game that both myself and my wife enjoyed .
i never encountered any glitches that were game breaking '' in any of the three games .
perhaps you could provide more info on these glitches ?
yes absolutely you nailed it my desire to not have irrational hatred unquestioningly launched towards the president on a daily basis is my secret cover for a dictatorship .
shitty dumb fucks who ca n't have a rational debate without jumping on the nazi socialist dictator train are precisely what is wrong with your country and more importantly the culture it fosters .
your dumb fuckery is only hurting yourself and your community .
he had that goal that tied the game with like 4 seconds left and we won it in ot .
the appropriate way to ask to be included in the sidebar is by messaging the moderators not by posting a public meta thread .
one of the moderators from r/starwarstheories can message the r/fantheories mods and ask .
essence benton snail bee high content essence hg or ljh tea tree 90 essence rp
serum sidmool propolis serum rp or sidmool fast turnover rebuilding concentrate hg
ampoule shara shara honey aio hg or cosrx mela 14 white ampoule wnr
daytime moisturizer skinfood honey moisture gel 90 hg or skinfood royal honey good moisturizing cream rp
nighttime moisturizer mizon returning starfish cream 3 or freeset donkey milk 3d moisture cream rp
mask pack skinfood rice wash off mask hg or skinfood acai berry mask rp
sheet mask freeset donkey milk aqua rp or mbd royal jelly rp
so yeah you need to go to every game now .
i have had one gf and my mom said i had to make sure i kept '' her because everyone else was going to steal her .
we broke up because i 'm not religious but my mom thinks it is because i 'm a wimp and ca n't do anything .
i am the customer relations manager at the seattle times .
as soon as this issue was brought to our attention we worked to resolve it .
we continually monitor our website for quality and performance .
if you wish you can provide additional feedback by visiting this page http www.seattletimes.com/contact or send
i will almost always take worldknit p1p1 if i can and this pack does n't present a reason not to .
bought a oldschool arc welder and some rods for 250 and scrounged together some scrap pipe leftover from a construction site and some old rusty steel chainplate .
mounting brackets were drawn up to scale on graph paper with basic measurements and then sent to my local waterjet place to be cut out of 3/8 steel alternatively you can trace your measurements out by hand and cut with a angle grinder
it 's a really great learning experience i practiced a lot with arc welding before tackling the bumper but between youtube videos and cheapo 6010 rods it all came together !
what does that have to do with a star map room ?
all of them really space marines are on a completely different level from any ground troops in star wars .
really well worded defense.you are absolutly right and im glad there is someone in this thread whose not just mindlessly bashing the prequels .
with a few small changes i feel the prequels could have been really strong movies .
as they are they have many good ideas and are really enjoyable if you just get through some bad parts
the only two times i 've spun that wheel i got 75k and a secret lab map piece worth about 60k !
are you going for the avatar or straight up gambling for fun ?
well the op is a cpa who is a mod of this sub and was simply posting a link to an irs webpage .
you 're the one who started giving advice without knowing what the situation is really there is n't a situation since there was never a question to begin with .
then you said he was wrong after he pointed out that sometimes rental income goes other places than sch e when it absolutely can .
so i would n't worry about it too much .
these threads are for nothing but knee jerk reactions .
the lakers played well tonight so it means that they deserve to have 19 nationally televised games while being 9-25 btw yes i 100 undertand the logistics of viewership and ratings .
lakers still suck and this one good game does n't mean they do n't suck .
it 's 33 degrees out here and i 'm tired .
the pre-purchase bonus is advertised on the game 's page https www.reddit.com/r/xcom/comments/404g0u/you_are_able_to_get_xcom_2_for_25_off_if_you_wish so i imagine it does .
i find a silk pillow cover is easiest to sleep on when i have a flare up .
seeing 'protect our freedoms ' all over the place can get annoying but all this edginess is even more annoying .
he is no braver than the average isis soldier .
bruh i know you 're trying to get a point across but comparing isis soldiers and coalition soldiers just is n't accurate .
this soldier died in a fight against the taliban and al qaeda .
isis kills civilians in their effort to spread religious doctrine and gain power .
there is tragic loss of civilian life in coalition airstrikes but that 's a far cry in magnitude and morality from filling mass graves with thousands of executed bodies .
maybe by the barebones definition of bravery there 's some comparison to be made but we all know there are other connotations at play
i kinda know how she feels.thats what i was thinking of doing
the king and the mercedes is like a massive jew joke .
hopefully it means he was doing that instead of making asshole comments on reddit .
you kinda missed out he had a live band who knew what the we 're doing the crowd completely ate it up .
the undercard was so enticing during him and deadmaus i do n't think anybody who went had a bad time friday night .
i would if i had more taters but so far they are a precious resource to me !
very sad we did n't get a reactor from gift of the lotus today ...
i really like the colouring in the second photo !
something i would like to do myself but am not really sure how to achieve .
idk man i think the one on the left is more realistic https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ynbbsfgw0nq
in their last moments they 'll be looking for you .
haha never seen a hound so afraid of a ant before sheesh !
i got one just now and need to know if it 's worth using .
hi im looking for a crew that want to do the pacific standard heist/cm in the future i have done every heist and i have the kuruma apartment i can use ts and i have a mic .
if you need 1 more person add me on social club brend70
my 100 year old grandma asked me to set up a security camera so she could see who was stealing her clothes at her assisted living facility so i brought over a wireless camera and started to install an app on her ipad for monitoring .
i needed her apple id to download the app so i asked her what her password was .
she poked around in her notebook and said required '' .
it was the wrong password so i told her and she looked up at me and said 'i know that it is right .
i remember it said your password is required . '' '
title said it all this should help prevent players with animal farm from hitting passive mobs with sweep attack .
the game will need 2 new nbt tag called 'passive ' and 'hostile '
mob with 'passive ' tag will ignored by sweep attack .
mob with 'hostile ' tag will affected by sweep attack .
for every successful hit the game will check a entities 's type .
if you are fighting mob in animal pen the game will need to check the type of mob you are hitting with sweep attack .
if you attacking a zombie while there are 2 passive mob like sheep beside it the game will still use sweep attack on zombie but will not hurt the sheep beside it .
edit i have added more information about how this suggestion going to work .
i am about to bring some nice traffic of very relevant to my business visitors using sponsored ads .
what would you recommend me other than of course optimizing the landing page good and all..
should i do anything special that i need to know of ?
just a video of a decent tr build for once you hit 70 and get your sunwuko set as the monk seasonal reward .
i tried a couple different variations with wol but tr seems to be the only viable option for swk .
video goes over optimal gear and gives some options to use as you 're slowly acquiring gear .
people have apparently been popping chests in his house which is illegal and prosecutable under augustan law .
the purpose of breaking in was to neutralize it as a base of operations for the raiders not to steal his stuff .
where can i donate or sell educational books for cheap price ?
every time i try i just slip back into daydreaming and i end up being awkward .
i know i am not the only one who ca n't do the 60 stam without risking all of the doffy dupes which i will not .
i am planning on doing the 40 stamina as many times as i need to hopefully 1-2 in order to get the one copy i am going for and i am also assuming that i am not alone in this .
so could someone who knows what their talking about come out with a 40 stamina guide probably for mihawks kidds unleveled doffys zoros and legends for us to use and get the 1 copy we are going for ?
thanks for any tips or information and sign the petition on the first page
china 's occupation of tibet is really based on chinese nationalism and many tibetans overlook the fact that the republic of china government in taiwan has the same ideology in terms of the one-china '' .
actually every chinese dynasty has claimed the plateau as theirs .
but really if any of you have read the communist manifesto itself you 'd know that socialism is more than what the cultural revolution or the chinese annexation of tibet was .
tibet was highly in need of reform or revolution because whether we like it or not the monasteries and aristocrats did hold disproportionate sway over tibet 's economy politics etc .
but if you read the biographies of bapa phuntsok wangyal and his group of thinkers you 'd know there were tibetans in tibet who were willing to enact and striving for change in our country .
what went wrong was them joining the tibetan communist party into the ccp and giving china a platform to commence the annexation of tibet .
an hour ago i put my lenovo 510p into energy save mode .
when i tried to reactivate the laptop nothing happens .
i removed the batterie and the power cord put everything back in and hit the power button
the power button and the power '' led on the front shines continuously but nothing else happens .
removing the battery and power cord pressing power button 10 times in a 1 second interval then holding it for 30 seconds has n't helped .
track 9 on the debut album studio version https youtu.be/epz6wdfdvdg
but i ca n't let you repeat it repeat it again
but i ca n't let you repeat repeat it again
and there 's nothing but corners there is no escape from these
and your final line ca n't be described as fine
i 'll be putting these up once a week choosing randomly from the debut album and b-sides .
let me know what you think in the comments .
comment with whatever you want thoughts lyric interpretations favourite moments live versions etc .
this happened a long time ago when i was 10 years old i do n't remember exactly .
also tagging nsfw just in case never posted in this subreddit before .
so i used to watch naruto in japan and one of the openings was bluebird '' by ikimono gakari .
i did n't know they put the name of the song artist name in the opening/ending back then so i was wondering what the song was called since i liked the song .
my japanese back then was n't that great so i did n't really understand the words of the song except for one part .
that part went like aoi aoi ano sora '' which means that blue blue sky '' .
those words in japanese are simple to understand and the singer sang it loudly so i could easily understand what she said .
now my googling skills were terrible back then and i simply googled aoi sora '' instead of something like aoi sora naruto lyrics . ''
apparently aoi sora '' is the name of a pornstar so that came up instead of the naruto lyrics i was searching for .
i was still young back then so i did n't understand what these results were and that may haven been the first time i 've been exposed to any porn-related things in my life ...
tl dr tried to look up naruto lyrics with my terrible googling skills found a pornstar instead .
there 's a few videos like it that make fun of the prequels but there 's this one in particular with violin played over top of it and flashbacks to anakin getting engulfed in flames .
it 's a little cheesy but really well done .
i live in cali so in february i start wearing shorts i 'm trying to stay ahead of the game rn so what would you guys suggest ?
also i 'm broke boi so the only 2 real streatwear shoes i own are sk8 hi 's and stans and you ca n't really wear sk8 hi 's with shorts .
i work at a hotel and fell for a scam that ended with a customer being put on the line with what i thought was a manager who needed to be have his credit info verified .
the customer then gave his info to the guy on the phone .
i then received a call saying that it was a scam and that the customer needed to cancel his card immediately .
no charges were made and everything is cancelled and he 's getting a card overnight ed to him but still feel like shit for falling for a now obvious scam .
this is an automatic summary original http observer.com/2016/01/hillarys-emailgate-goes-nuclear reduced by 73 .
the most interesting part is that the report describes a conversation quot in confidence quot that happened on the evening of june 7 just one day before blumenthal sent the report to secretary clinton .
the june 8 2011 blumenthal report doesn 039 t read like cia material at all in other words human intelligence or humint but very much like signals intelligence or sigint .
sigint reports which i 039 ve read thousands of have a very distinct style and flavor to them and blumenthal 039 s write-up matches it right down to the quot source comments quot which smack very much of nsa reporting and its quot house rules . ''
one agency official expressed to me quot at least 90 percent confidence quot that blumenthal 039 s june 8 report was derived from nsa reports and the agency ought to be investigating the matter right now .
how did sid blumenthal who had no position in the u.s. government in 2011 and hasn 039 t since bill clinton left the white house fifteen years ago possibly get his hands on such highly classified nsa reporting ?
why did he place it an open non-secure email to hillary who after all had plenty of legitimate access as secretary of state to intelligence assessments from all our spy agencies ?
moreover how did the state department think this was unclassified and why did it release it to the public ?
it 039 s possible this blumenthal report did not come from nsa but perhaps from another non-american intelligence agency but whose ?
if sid was really able to get top-level intelligence like this for hillary using just his shoestring operation and get it into her hands a day later with precise information about the high-level conspiracy that was just discussed over in sudan the intelligence community needs to get him on our payroll stat .
summary source http smmry.com/http observer.com/2016/01/hillarys-emailgate-goes-nuclear faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 20280 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords report 1 hillary 2 intelligence 3 email 4 blumenthal 5
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
picked up an onhub tonight and set it up which went flawlessly good job onhub team .
now i use centurylink dsl i know but it 's either them or comcast .
now i have up to 40mbps but i 'll pull on average around 24-25mbps .
now for those who do n't know what that is it 's dish network 's answer to streaming live television over the internet .
now it streams in high definition unless your bandwidth starts to suffer so naturally i picked the xbox one for priority and waited to see if there was any improvement .
it actually seemed to make the quality worse as it had to buffer more often .
sure enough turning off prioritization made the stream buffer less .
i do n't know what the protocols are for prioritization or how it really works in depth but it seems like there 's a disconnect somewhere in between .
any tips on getting the most out of my router besides rooting it seriously i do n't want to ?
i have this steam rungame/730/76561202255233023/+csgo_econ_action_preview 20s76561198054016761a4784561939d11721990545373893757 karambit with a fv of .8225 http puu.sh/mqcja/ff2ce89005.jpg
its pretty damn dark purple see inspect http puu.sh/mqcja/ff2ce89005.jpg and i have n't found a common selling price for them or any bs blue steel for that matter .
i think my price is quite fair but offer what you will .
my girlfriend is not a virgin and has a mild traumatic sexual history .
we sleep in the same bed every night for like 3 months playing around naked most nights .
she puts my penis to her vaginal opening nothing wrong with that .
somehow i did n't realize the difference between being against the opening and the tip barely being in .
she gets incredibly aroused gets on top of me and puts the tip in her .
i give her an expression like what the fuck ? ''
she 's like do n't worry it 's just the tip .
i tacitly let it go and then she full on mounts me and starts riding .
at some point my reason kicks back in and i go limp .
she freaks out and is about to cry saying stuff like what have i done .
i try to make her feel better by saying i could have stopped it .
now its a few days later and im reflecting upon the situation .
im mad at myself for getting so engrossed in our activities that i didnt notice how far we had gone .
and that when she mounted me instead of kicking her off i was too busy thinking to myself that this is how a vagina feels .
but im also mad at her for taking it so far without permission .
she also thinks that we should just do it since we crossed the line but i dont want to .
like i was a virgin by choice and now i dont know how to deal with this .
i dont want to be mad at her and i do believe that i should have kicked her off as soon as it started but that doesnt really excuse her actions .
i cant think straight right now i blame myself but the more i think about this the more im starting to see it as her fault .
im a reasonable guy but my thoughts are starting to be come a mess .
i cant honestly talk to her because im either going to try to console her or lash out .
and if im left to myself theres a chance ill become unjustly resentful .
tl dr i wanted to stay a virgin gf mounts me was it rape ?
sorry about this massive shitpost but being from az i do n't know your team that well but i know kaepernick .
so my cpu usage is always spiking from 20 to 100 and spikes back down to 20 and back to 100 .
my computer was running fine one day and then all of a sudden everything messed up .
i use to play many games at stable 60fps now i cant even play on 30fps or higher .
anything i do it goes to 100 cpu usage facebook youtube.etc
how many episodes do you have to watch before you know what the heck 's going on ?
jones was up to his old tricks even after death .
after the savage display of barbarity people went back to their routine .
i began to watch and wonder how this had happened .
i 've been meaning to speak with you . ''
was this going to be my turn to be mobbed ?
you know companies like that support both sides selling weapons of death to make a profit ?
how many of your hard earned dollars did you give them ? ''
it was a.. gift.. '' i said and jones smiled .
you stole it from a man named.. snake i believe . ''
i bet you 've heard that before but this time things are different .
we 're not fighting a war that ca n't ever possibly be won . ''
you let a holy man die and you did n't even look back as you fled .
stay out of my head or i 'll blow yours offyour shoulders. ! ''
you know i could give the signal and they 'd beat you with a garden hose until you were just as black and blue as jacob .
all i 'd have to do is give a reason..
you on the other-hand are pretty low close to rock-bottom i 'd say .
you join up and your life will turn around i guarantee it goddamn it ho more running .
no more drifting from town to town worrying about the cops and that monster you 've been cursed with .
you call what you did to jacob 'peace ' ? ''
and letting a man live his entire life on the run in fear . ''
this was n't like the mind games of the vampires .
you 'll realize what the right choice is soon enough .
you 'll see what i mean soon enough . ''
i give the word my people go to defensive positions and ready themselves .
that sounds pretty hateful for a pacifistic commune . ''
it was the urge to enact an eye for an eye . ''
you can change anything if you stay with us . ''
if i stay with you how do you plan to stop it ? ''
and when the entity as you call it strikes we 're going to teach it a lesson about vulnerability . ''
just to prove it to you i 'll show you something . ''
jones went to the intercom and over the loud speaker began broadcasting .
the commune ignited into a frenzy of movement scrambling for rifles pistols knives .
what the fuck kind of game are you playing ? ''
you 're gon na realize that what 's necessary and what 's going to take place .
what happened to your friend that was n't you .
you 're in good graces among the temple . ''
now we 've got firepower here and it 'll protect us against enemies foreign or domestic .
the things i learned in guyana the gods of the natives they can be caught bound .
i 'm alive because i bound myself to those nameless gods and became one . ''
the only thing i see is a dead man trying to play his hand at being kurtz . ''
great book about the ivory trade and it 's savagery .
heard they burnt down a beautiful jungle for a movie version of it .
these people who rule the world they 're the ones who are insane . ''
i 've got so much work to do . ''
you 're fighting an unwinnable war just like you said . ''
you 're not as good at getting into people 's heads as you 'd like to be drifter .
i 'm going to walk the earth for a good while longer . ''
that 's because there 's nothing in this world that 's black and white . ''
said jones and i knew in my heart he had orchestrated my arrival to the compound .
soon they were wheeling out military surplus as they did every night .
they were paranoid that the world might spill inward on them at any second that they would be found out .
they were the kind of people that liked to hide in the shadows lest the heat accelerate their decay .
those with him they smelled of fear and self-delusion .
his inner-circle they were all alive for the most part .
they were n't like the brainless bastards that walked the earth inside the compound .
a nervous smile and eyes that held a message one slip up and they 'd become just like the others without a mind or a soul .
so are you willing to give us a chance ?
i looked down from the top of the compound into the courtyard .
wanted to save his sister from me thinking i was the villain .
now he 's dead and ai n't never gon na save no one from nothin ' .
it 's sad really how foolish people can be . ''
he would have never come around to our way of life .
he would have always been a bad influence on dear sister seka and we do n't need that not in these trying times . ''
you 're still the sick bastard you always were . ''
but once your entity shows up and is thrust out you 'll recognize why we live as we do . ''
how far do you think you can make it then ? ''
i knew you had half a brain in you . ''
the entity was a day out a day and a half away at most .
the idea of staying here made me sick but i had no other options .
i keep my companions in two spots sanctuary or red rocket .
i went to check red rocket in case i 'd sent him there and found hancock dead actually dead as in i could loot his body and he was n't talking to me .
as i 'm on an xbox and not a pc do i have any way of fixing this ?
i assume i 'd have to use a console to respawn nick somewhere to grab him .
no idea how i 'd fix the hancock issue tho .
i 've been working on this idea for a while and now i 've decided to pull the trigger and see if i can get some raw data on if this kind of thing is viable .
i want to establish a board game cafe ... potentially in asheville .
i say potentially because right now i live in raleigh but i went to school at wcu and asheville has remained one of my favorite places to be .
i also feel like given the atmosphere of the city a board game cafe could be quite successful in asheville as well .
so here is a little marketing survey https docs.google.com/forms/d/1rbnrqdz6kkd8xrzztpz_lzjak32_nrupcovlarrvjv8/viewform i 've whipped up .
if you have a few minutes i 'd really appreciate anyone taking the time to answer the survey .
it 'd provide me some priceless data that i could analyze to get a working business plan together .
if you have any advice questions or feedback i 'd be happy to hear them !
the emperor due to a lack of several communication ways has decided that he will establish new cobblestone roads between the capital city and the several main cities of the empire .
the roads will connect mainly th political centre of the nation bakar to the west and its important trading cities such as sakuman tbilisi xacmaz and hosan .
the emperor has also sent some representatives of the emperor to become the official mayors of the cities .
the parthian empire is also becoming more open with their neighbors and have already connected infrastructure with the peoples of armenia and especially the city of yerevan .
this has also come with zoroastrian preachers entering the city once the roads are constructed .
the roads will avoid all the mountainous terrain possible and has been located in the plain areas of the caucuses area .
the road will take from 10 to 12 years to construct as the workers will have some difficulty with limited cobble mines .
the emperor has stated that this despite the massive time and cost will help the future of the empire and will help its culture spread through out the region .
this he stated will probably make the parthian empire a regional player when it comes to the caucuses .
had some random teammate named phobicpenny4 '' kill our 4 man party twice .
ubi needs to do like rockstar did and put the bad players amongst their own .
so to put this simply my kitchen sink reeks .
it smells bad enough that it makes me nauseous and i 've tried just about everything i can think of to make it smell better .
orange peels bleach baking soda ... running hot water for like 20 minutes straight .
i think there 's an issue with the disposal .
it runs but i do n't think it clears everything out of the sink if that makes sense .
so i think what 's happening is stuff is just sitting there rotting .
i live in an apartment so i could ask maintenance about it but they almost never answer my pleas for fixing things they are probably annoyed my apartment is n't a renovated one so basically everything in it is broken .
so i thought i 'd check here to see if anyone knows how i can fix it myself .
where there 's two girls looking at something and grimacing clapping their hands over their mouths and there 's a guy looking in the same direction and grinning suggestively
i dont care if no one read this i just want to keep the progress beacuse i really want to change and i have no one to share this .
i will write the days and maybe a text to show how i feel
i hope this is the right place to post this .
when i was 19 i bought a house along with my brother and my mother .
long story short they 're not very nice people .
i finally got the courage to leave when i was 20 and tried to never look back .
i was making payments on the house when i was still living there but stopped once i moved out .
i expected them to stop paying the mortgage once i left but i kept checking my credit score on a regular basis and found that they were paying every month .
this all started in 2009 house purchased in 2008 .
i 've had no contact with them since i left until now .
my brother is threatening to stop making payments and file for bankruptcy unless i refinance the house with them .
they refuse to give me the contact information for the lending agent and simply keep saying that this agent has already tried to contact me and i refuse to return his calls/emails which is a lie .
my brother is asking for my signature but has not provided me with any paperwork that i can look over .
he informed me of all this via email this morning saturday and wrote in the email that i have until monday to reply .
i 've always expected it to go this route but now that i 've been given a deadline to reply i 'm a little nervous .
my thoughts were always that if things were to end this way my credit would simply be ruined and i 'd have to work to rebuild it for several years .
if this is the only consequence i can live with that .
i guess my question is can the do anything else to me other than ruin my credit for a few years ?
is there other consequences that i do n't know about ?
i wo n't sign anything without knowing all the details .
it was a mistake buying the house to begin with but i was young and thought i was helping myself in the long run .
adult me today realizes this was a bad idea but kid me back then did n't know any better .
it all sounds really shady to me and my brother has been known to be involved in illegal activity before so i 'm planning on staying as far away as possible .
i 'll contact a lawyer if i have to but i just do n't know what the potential consequences even begin .
as a side note i am now married and have two kids if that makes a difference .
i 'll do whatever i must to keep this from affecting my family as much as possible .
any on here if that last post was hidden away by the spam filter when i spent like 10 minutes writing it up .
for the longest time i 've been meaning to plunge myself into my confucian studies push myself harder to be a better confucian and a better student .
but i realize that i am a better taught student than i am a self taught student .
i want to be taught i want a wiser person man or woman to teach me .
i want to understand the classics and i wan na learn the lessons from someone who has lived and learned .
if anyone can help me or knows who can please help .
so the new champion select allows 3rd 4th and 5th pick to ban champions insteed of 1st pick like it 's now .
do you guys realise that first two picks from each team will always pick annyoing shit before you can ban it ?
imagine playing rankeds and in every game there is mundo rengar jax soraka or something like this .
im on a solid 5 season long off streak and need to change something .
i 've already done all the regular change logo play differently re arrange the couch clean up the room sell all your players and buy back new ones etc .
so only thing i havent changed is my strategies i need my forwards getting to the net and my d getting the man in front .
also even when my men are in the right spot .
never intercept a pass never tie anyone up ... theyre just pylons .
how do u set your strategies to counteract players playing like pylons ?
the wax appears to have a greasy residue assuming this is wax and it looks hideous .
i know i need to take it to be detailed by someone that knows what they are doing but since it 's going to snow tonight that 's on hold .
should i just wash the car with a touchless wash ?
i 'm looking for the most in-your-face hot pink lipsticks .
preferably matte i do n't do glossy and long-lasting .
just trying to go for 7 and beyond please be above 1.0 k/d
only one more day to vote for this crucial endorsement !
last year a study conducted by professors at princeton and northwestern university on public policies dating back to 1981 reported unequivocally that the united states is no longer a democracy but rather resembles the financial-political ecology of an oligarchy .
as a grandson and great grandson of veterans who fought on behalf of american democracy abroad i am infuriated that their sacrifice has devolved into the current plutocratic political and economic system which were we any other country would be internationally called out for what it is rigged and corrupt .
at a time when the so-called billionaire class owns or exerts unethical curatorial control over all major national media and print outlets including such progressive mainstays as the new york times and national public radio it is imperative that the few organizations which can not be purchased either through remuneration or political favors stand together to protect the fabric of our nation 's democracy .
in bernie sanders i have seen the sort of candidate that comes along perhaps once in a lifetime .
not only is he among the most tireless fighters for the middle class in recent decades he embodies the rarest quality of a person in politics he is incorruptible either by money or power .
has there been in your lifetime another candidate and serious presidential contender of whom you could say the same ?
while we as a country may disagree on different policies which different candidates put forth the debate is moot if once that candidate is elected they represent the big-money interests which donated to their campaign rather than the average worker who voted for them .
once we remove the influence of money from politics then we can get to work debating the direction of our country as is the provenance of every citizen in a democracy .
my friend and i want to start up terraria once again we played n-terraria together way back when but now it seems that all of the decent mods for terraria have no multiplayer support .
does anyone know of any mods that are multiplayer compatable ?
going to do some free live coaching on my stream every once in a while between team matches if you need help with an offlane hero or how to play in general as offlane hop on and ask http www.twitch.tv/lazybeni1
hey all i 've recently been looking for people to play with as most of my friends i played with are still on the ps3 .
i 'm just looking for cool open-minded people to play and chat with and hopefully get that tight knit group play going .
just for those who want to know i 'm 24 years old .
my gf has wanted a specific purse ever since she found it .
unfortunately by the time she found out about it it was out of most stores .
she watches several used purse apps for it i 'm not sure which ones but ca n't ever seem to find it .
i think it would be awesome if i could find it for her and surprise her .
as long as it is authentic and in fairly decent shape no tears huge scratches or stains i 'm in .
i 've been vegan for 1 year and have noticed no changes in my skin .
i keep hearing about how everyone cleared their skin once swithcing to a vegan diet in a matter of weeks or a few months at the latest .
i 'm wondering why has n't my skin improved yet after a long time of eating very healthy and clean ?
despite my acne issues i 'm never going back .
this lifestyle has completed me and has healed other illnesses within my body .
after surviving araxxi 's lair i found a spider leg bottom
who would you like to say good night to ?
or if it 's early enough by you who would you like to say good morning to !
tag them here to let them know you were thinking about them !
heard that ceramic is bad for records but ca n't work out for sure if this standard usb turntable had one or not ?
after playing with it for 6 months i 've decided to part ways with my field tested ak case hardened .
hope someone else can enjoy it as much as i did !
id like to wing up with some bounty hunters for some bounty hunting in wolf 906. bounty hunting solo is getting boring and i would like to play with other commanders
room scale or not facebook vs steam 700€ vs 1000€
the only factor that makes me more interested in the rift is the no more noticeable screendoor effect ''
back home in north carolina i have a niece that almost lost her life to a small peanut .
i also have other relatives/family members with life-threatening allergies .
some of them have to carry epipen in their purses all the time .
granted some chinese friends do n't eat sea food or drink milk or eat cheese but i have never heard single one of them talking about fatal conditions .
none of them seem to know what epipen is and on top of everything some of them have the ridiculous belief that if you eat sea food as often as possible you can tough it out and eventually cure yourself .
i also have never seen posters in any chinese school cafeteria on this .
i 'm not a teacher so i have only been to chinese schools a handful of times .
i 've been here for almost a decade but this never was a major issue on the radar .
i was just wondering because every mmorpg i 've played so far for a longer period of time seemed to have inflationary markets .
which means almost all item-prices were significantly lower at the release of the mmo compared to a few years later .
and i 'm not just talking about a few percent what i experinced are prices rising over several hundred percent .
of course these prices can drop again for example if a new expansion is coming up but they always stayed higher than they were at release .
well ... if that 's the natural development of mmo markets would n't it be a good idea to invest all your money at the release of a new mmo in valuable items and then wait until you have the feeling the inflation has reached it 's global peak for example when a new expansion/big update is coming up the market usually freezes people stop spending their money because they want so see which changes the expansion will bring prices will stop rising and then sell all of these items .
because if you host all your fortune as pure money it 's value is getting lower and lower with time .
kind of in a rush so sorry about any mistakes .
how does noopept affect other drugs specifically 3-fpm u-47700 clonazolam and 5-meo-mipt .
what are your experiences of combining noopept with drugs ?
so this nye i had the opportunity to go to lights all night in dallas .
this my first edm concert and the very first time i rolled .
if i can be completely honest it was a life changing experience .
not only did i have a hell of a good time for once in my life i was actually myself and had no filter and enjoyed every second of it .
since than i 've never felt better about my life and who i am as a person .
now next stop is black tiger sex machine in austin deorro in houston and than my first camping fest at euphoria .
i 'd like to translate cah into basque language and i 'm looking for a template or something similar to just write and then easily print cards .
mipad 2 is a quite new device and i struggle with lack of info about current issues and details from modding community .
there are some forum posts but very low quality people not sure which mipad they have.. .
did you had any expierience with mipad 2 or seen fresh resources on the net espacially in terms of
app incompatibility some apps claim are incompatible even though there are no apparent reasons they should be .
any hints on installing things like sygic swype keyboard mx player etc .
is there a chance for anything not based on miui ?
it would be great to be able to share experience .
for a campaign a friend is running we 've been told we can only use content from the first player 's handbook for the life of me i ca n't tell you why and since i ca n't use barbarian i figure i 'll use what i think is the next best thing a great weapon fighter .
problem is that i do n't have much experience in this kind of 4th used to playing heavily homebrewed stuff and starting at level 15 now we 're doing normal and starting at level 1 or in fighters so besides the fact i need strength and constitution i have n't the foggiest .
i think i 'd like to either use a greatsword or scythe but i 'm not sure how good they are in 4th or anything like that .
oh also i was planning on going the boring dragonborn fighter maybe eladrin if i feel like not doing as well in combat but having more fun rping .
so i wrote a simple library management system in python which you can see here https github.com/konsbn/xlibris .
i want this package to be installable via pip .
kindly have a look through it to see if i am doing it right .
also i want it to run as a standalone console program when you type xlibris so have a look in my bin directory too .
hey guys i know we are usually not allowed to talk about cheaters on reddit but i was wondering
i play on amsterdam 1 and there is cheaters everywhere since the new patch is it the same on every server ?
because here it is to a point that we ca n't progress we get raided by the roof everynight and i'v been one headshooted and looted many times while on my roof we have to avoid places like power plant because cheaters are fighting each others there .
or should change my server because i was on ireland before and everything was ok .
being 21 and already having noticeable hearing loss sucks i 'm looking for some high quality ear plugs i can wear to shows that wo n't muffle the sound but still protect my hearing .
i have been going to the gym for about 1,5 years .
first i focused on losing my weigh and mixed weight lifting into my routine .
i do squats and deadlifts but have to be careful because of my knee i had an injury while doing cross country .
now i want to focus on increasing my squat and deadlift .
i would really like for my squat and dl to go higher than my chest
i 'm still on 1.1 and i hear how poor the performance is on it
have not really played the game for almost a year mge back then .
one reason i stopped playing the game was reoccuring shoulder and wrist pain not super bad but defenitly not comfortable to play with the pain
i have a very ergonomic setup chair keyboard desk monitor position and so on because playing csgo or not i spend most of the day at the pc anyway and i do n't want to run into big trouble later in my life only 21 .
so the setup itself is not the problem note i am not using my ergonomic mouse for csgo because im claw grip guy zowie fk2 is what i switch to for gaming .
overall i think i am a pretty unrelaxed regarding muscles player when playing focused .
my hand and arm are almost always tensed even for simple crosshair placements my muscles are not really relaxed .
i hear all the time that you should play relax and i totaly do that regarding my thinking and mentality ingame but defenitely not regarding my arm/hand muscles .
when i play with relaxed arm sometimes in dm i feel like my aim is more inconsistend and my crosshair placement is overall worse is this just because i am not used to it and practice by just forcing myself to stay relaxed physically would resolve it ?
how do you play and do you have any problems ?
while at my last job i was her manager and she was my employee .
she was married but i would find out later not happily .
i 've always had a thing for older women and just looking at her you can tell she likes sex .
blonde 5'3ish huge tits fat ass very flirty attitude .
it started with her giving me her phone number and texting me while she was on vacation .
it started pretty innocent at first but she did send a picture of a naked women she had drew in the sand so i assumed her head was in the same place as mine .
we texted back and forth for a couple weeks before we both admitted we wanted to hookup .
the taboo of her being my employee made things so much hotter .
i also have a very dominant personality and she wanted to have sex with me bad enough she would do whatever i asked .
one time during her lunch break she went to the bathroom took off her panties and gave them to me in my office which had no door and was completely visible to the rest of the warehouse .
i was so hard as i played with her still warm panties .
her nervous giggling and concern about getting caught made it even hotter !
after some more sexting we finally decided to meet up outside of work .
we met at the parking lot of a store right down the street from my apartment .
she got into my car and proceeded to direct my hand between her legs to feel the hole she had torn in her leggings .
i asked her if she wanted to go back to my place and she was more than willing .
we get to my place and sit down on my bed .
she puts her hand in my crotch and we begin to make out .
she ca n't contain herself any longer she falls to her knees takes my cock out and starts going to town .
after a few minutes of sucking she says please fuck me ! '' .
i play with them and suck on her nipples until she ca n't handle it anymore and needs me inside her .
she 's on her back and trying to slide me inside her but she is so tight it wo n't fit .
as she struggles to shove my cock in her she begins to whimper '' oh god i need this !
i decide a different angle might help so i tell her to get on all fours .
i begin fucking her from behind and within a minute her face is buried in the pillow and is screaming as the first orgasm comes .
i 'm not sure how many times she came but after about 15-20 minutes i can feel i 'm about to bust .
i pull out she turns around and immediately takes me back into her mouth .
she goes to town on my cock cleaning her own cum off and playing with my balls like pro .
soon i blow my load into her mouth and she shows my cum before running off to spit it out in the sink .
i do n't work there anymore but i still hear from her about once a month saying how badly she needs me to fuck her again .
i 've been using the blackguard cb tree path for the entirety of the game so far 100 hours and never once have i witnessed the paralysis proc from my cb .
now i realize the proc has a 1/3 chance to happen and combined with a slow cb motion its unlikely .
however i decided to use a crow tessen which has a poison proc .
i have been on quite a few hunts with it and never have i once witnessed a poison proc with it .
is it just my luck or is there something i 'm overlooking ?
hey everyone there was a thread on this during exp and the census was that they last half an hour .
just wondering if anyone knows if this has changed with the move to stable ?
i have a bunch of grenades and weapons at my camp and seeing as my barrels are getting full i thought i 'd do a cleanout and turn myshkino tents into a living hell for anyone who wants to loot .
but if the tripwires are gon na despawn i might as well lob them in .
my h s app crashes after i try to launch it after booting into my emunand .
also tried the fbi.cia steps on https gbatemp.net/threads/tutorial-installing-rxtools-custom-firmware-3ds-and-2ds.390867 in part 4a and there is no option to press emunand when i 'm trying to check my tmd version .
it just says check tmd only and if i press that it says opening secureinfo_a failed and the same for b .
nmom just shared a photo of me from facebook and added beautiful .
she shared it like she had a right to .
i ca n't stand it i am not hers to brag about .
when i was in contact with her she would overly complement me and she still is .
i 've basically got it narrowed down to the rei igneous or north face 's blue kazoo .
while there are some differences when all is said and done i think they would serve equally as well .
i would love your input and experience regarding these .
i 'm pretty sure i 've looked thoroughly but if there 's another consideration for 300 it less let me know .
i dont know if its possible but it would nice if it show the number of new post behind the sub because we dont need to open if theres no new post .
this is a place where you are free to say anything without any filtering .
australia currently has 2 frigates stationed off the coast of the uae in the persian gulf which have been used to support the fight against the daesh .
however due to recent events the government is set to discuss whether to keep the frigates there .
we do not want to be involved in any war and the adf has promised the safety of the men and women will be first and foremost .
as for now the adelaide class sent to the uae in 2016 will be recalled to be decommissioned and sold to indonesia .
in it 's place a second anzac class frigate will replace it .
the current land and air force sent by australia to fight the daesh will continue to stay and fight .
casual looking for any dbha in case of the ones that ca n't legally have an ha i will go for the legal version with no ha females that i do not have .
also looking for yellow orange blue or white flabebes with there ha symbiosis .
here is my list please check the on hands tab first i just updated what i have on hand https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gpmftmyc7rarbbr12zqey7uxzmujmtrcciyvnekl6pq/edit ? usp=sharing
i also have some uncommon genderless dream ball pokemon on my list that came from dream radar .
how exactly do the triggers work if i click them do i drive even faster ?
and what happens if i bind some other button to the click from where do i know that when i pull the trigger 100 the game also drives as fast as posibil ?
what if it thinks i only pull the trigger to 90 because i do n't press until it clicks ?
b/o buy all my asiimovs ft for 55 keys or separately for 14 keys each .
not sure if it has been posted here already but you can preorder the surface book from a few countries in europe now .
you can preorder from the following 5 european countries austria france germany switzerland and the uk .
it also seems that it 'll be soon availabe in japan australia and nz too .
also on the swiss microsoft store website there is a release date above the price and it says that it is deliverable from the 18th of february onward .
do n't know about the other countries you might want to check it out .
if you do n't live near a sephora or ulta it can sometimes be hard to figure out what eyeshadow palette to buy .
instead of constant what palette should i get '' posts i decided to make a masterpost of swatches of the most popular palettes .
i hope this is helpful and feel free to comment w any more i should add !
disclaimer none of these are my own swatches i give credit to the people who did these .
stila eyes are the window to the mind http imgur.com/uzvzrxj u/vanillalatte32
stila eyes are the window to the soul http imgur.com/a/1kaql u/meowzers12
stila eyes are the window to the spirit http imgur.com/a/yilkz u/meowzers12
thebalm in the balm of your hand http imgur.com/a/dihm2 u/longlegstrex
limecrime venus 1 and 2 http imgur.com/a/vkepm u/consonanta plus bonus looks
plz do n't hate me for adding venus some people might want them
is it possible to ignore the bells somehow to pick up neb boxes ?
i 've missed like 3 or 4 boxes because there 's a massive stack of bells underneath them then the stages end before the bells expire so the neb boxes end up disappearing too .
at least with rudolph noses i could control when they flooded my inventory
if you want one deposit a wurmple into the gts asking for a yveltal with the message being your favorite video game ost .
edit if you get one respond to your comment saying that you got one .
in this week 's house of the week we will be discussing house tollett .
it 's up to you all to fill in the details about each house 's history notable members conspiracy theories questions and more .
this is pretty much a free for all for the users to take part in so have at it !
if you guys have any ideas about what house you 'd like to discuss next week feel free to suggest them .
i have 1 lb of star thistle honey but i 'm not sure what to do with it .
whatever i do i 'll probably use it as a backsweetener .
i 'm not sure what spices might go good with it .
i tried to look for a solution but no luck .
i made a bootable el capitan usb stick using the unibeast method on a mac .
i do n't have access to the macbook anymore after i completed that i went into my bios settings and changed to achi .
i tried setting removable disk as 1 priority in boot menu options .
edit i chose uefi boot mode nvidia on unibeast following this tutorial https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=tz1byvvv3ok
there is a big difference http www.anandtech.com/bench/product/1596 ? vs=1594 between it and the gtx 960 .
this might be the first time i actually think burfict is justified in being pissed the fuck off .
i do n't have a dog in this fight but that was just a horseshit situation .
no this is n't a trait of being a woman .
and here i am guiltyly chewing on my dark chocolate bar .
if you draw your attention to the design documents you 'll notice that there is no specified target .
that last sweater is probably the cutest thing i 've ever seen
so i want to do something and an indirect action hurts something else mean no one can do it ?
by your logic a vast majority of things done by humans are wrong .
but they are the loudest and fuck shit up royally .
obviously it 's time to leave the old systems in the back .
i 'm afraid activision will want to somehow have a sequal on older gen because sales .
any amount of money and resources spent on old gen is stupid .
there 's so many basic things lacking in destiny .
even if it is a great hit '' it can kill people and should n't be allowed in the game .
it 's disgusting when people like you defend hits like this because it 's just part of the game . ''
as others have pointed out civil asset forfeiture laws allow police to confiscate assets if they merely suspect that said asset is profit of or has been used in a crime .
they do n't need to show actual probably cause they do n't need a warrant and they do n't need to prove that you 're guilty of anything .
if you have large sums of money on you the police can simply take it saying they have cause to suspect that is was proceeds of or involved in a federal drug crime and you will have to go throw hell and high water to get it back .
the idea behind this bullshit was a noble one cartels and mobs oftentimes covered their tracks and could not be legally caught engaging in crime so this allowed law enforcement to take their assets .
in reality it 's simply allowed police departments to literally commit highway robbery .
it means she thinks you move from girl to girl .
then this is every bit the cluster fuck it seems .
unfortunately your account is not yet old enough to be accepted by r/videos at this time .
we suggest that you wait a bit around a week while also commenting in some popular posts and submitting things to other subreddits for the time being .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm hoping oda eventually reveals a way to negate their effects .
imaging how scarring it 'd be to be permanently stuck after someone like jewlery bonney used her power on you .
one second your an able bodied 20 year old and the next your either a crying child or a feeble old man ...
you can let them tell everyone or not it 's up to you .
as for what makes it worth whispering it can be something that might ruin the encounter or the story if everyone hears it .
bitch get your saltyness outta here with your petty ass .
i 'm sorry it 's hard to enjoy this game anymore its unforgivably ugly
everyone is going to say cait but i think she is extremely weak right now .
also i would say start out playing adc that does n't have an escape this will teach you positioning .
if you start out playing stuff like ezeal you will struggle to play stuff like jinx because you will be so used to relying on have a jump
neuro stimulants drugs such as adderall are just too big of an advantage for not using it in high competitive games .
why does he have to do the code card thing ?
you got ta be pretty angry to throw away like 6 worth of water
those containers will rarely ever give anything more than credits and resources .
the best i 've gotten was a gold fusion core .
its really not worth going out of your way to get them all .
increased aghanim 's scepter upgraded song of the siren heal form 6 to 8 of maximum health .
rip tide no longer ignores ancient creeps roshan and creep-heroes .
added aghanim 's scepter upgrade for naga siren causes song of the siren to regenerate naga siren and nearby allies by 6 of maximum health per second for the duration .
increased song of the siren cast point increased from 0.65 to 0.8 .
reduced mirror image illusion damage dealt from 30 35 40 45 to 20 25 30 35 .
armor reduction debuff no longer goes through spell immunity .
so i 'm guessing he sustained this when he was laying on the field right ?
watt setting too high of a standard for his team 's own good lol
there is also the potential of a 24 max life 4 hp regen per second talisman
because even in a hypothetical world i 'd never be able to have a threesome with a mother and daughter that hot
by chance was it a product that had a authenticity code or ...
i know there are quite a few kanger clones out there .
the totals on the right hand side of the are not aligned with the graph on the left .
i 'm sorry but you are off on a great many points .
the minuteman iii only had 3 mirvs at the most recently it has been scaled back to one warhead as a result of treaties .
i only experienced the deadbeat dad aspect and it 's still impactful on my life .
i ca n't speak for dad 's who try but are n't able to .
yeah i 'm wondering if it 'd be worth the time to take apart printers and try and sell them in pieces .
i 'm thinking not this is n't my full time thing .
i interpreted it as the suitcase being symbolic of something valuable that the bong guy was trying to keep namely his memory of the word delectable but it was the marijuana he was smoking that robbed it from him hence the guy dressed like a tree by sticking it on a hot air balloon and sending it flying right out of his head .
i do n't hear good things about her at end game though
there are a few instructors i work with who dd and track their e90 and e92 's .
this game is definitely getting out of hand but i kind of like it .
i 'm gon na die alone in a nursing home with no family to care for me .
final fantasy vii remake producer yoshinori kitase and director tetsuya nomura shared the latest on the upcoming ps4 title in an interview with dengeki playstation .
the reproduction of events from the original version will be done carefully as social situations were different back when the original game was made compared to today .
for example the bath house scene at the honey bee inn .
if you want to study up on the facts about wealth inequality which is a real thing then check out that link . ''
when i was in school i studied for my exams and got a 's .
it tells you nothing about the poor life decisions made by a person that is now making below the poverty line .
i mean he 's almost certainly a muslim and thinking otherwise is just a bit strange .
i do n't get what you 're trying to show me in that image .
the frame resizes itself to fit the data and line up the columns every time the numbers change if that 's what you mean .
maybe resizing it+setting the position every time moves it slightly ...
you have big market teams you have small market teams then there 's 50 feet of crap then you have the bangles endzone
that sweater is so cool and i am so envious ! ! !
i 'll be surprised if he 's on the field next week .
the problem with gaga is that she is always busy
i have n't given it a proper chance yet with only about 5 hours put into it but so far it has not sucked me in .
i have pretty limited time for gaming and i think the size of the world just feels overwhelming especially when you can spend 30 minutes just talking to npcs .
the combat encounters feel strange like they 're just dropped in and i do n't have much clue as to what 's happening in the game .
this is my first fallout game so i 'm sure i 'm missing lots of pieces of the puzzle but as someone who was hyped to finally join in on a fallout game i 'm definitely not in love yet .
any tips for beginner fallout players are appreciated though !
the interesting this is that nearly any wire and sometimes other metal things can act as an antenna especially when very near to the transmitter .
i commonly use 19 '' wire for hd tv reception quarter wave jammed in the center hole of the coax coax connector .
it works well even 40 miles from the transmitter .
getting closer to home as op mentioned anything even close to the antenna specs or a multiplier thereof will pickup the station in question .
there are tons of these instances recorded even things such as razor blades have been know to pickup fm stations https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foxhole_radio .
anyway the takeway here is that yes it 's not only possible but probable given the details outlines by op .
i want to like the floris mod but i want to know if there is a way that you can change the troop names back to english and the nobles names back it 's annoying trying to remember them all .
they probably either have crazy straight a pushy parents or live in a school district with a 4.0 average .
in some places that acutally is a medium range score .
i can send more if anyone wants to trade .
it 's pure speculation we wo n't be given conventional starters ftr though i would be very very surprised if we did receive normal starters it 's important to note we have very little confirmed eitherway .
the general theory is you 'll get a random spawn when you start and a 100 success catch rate kind of similar to in geniii when wally catches his raltz although a random pokemon .
i am still watching but i have been tweeting michael goi all season and he has been either ignoring my theories or publicly refuting my ideas .
at 10:05 i tweeted him this scenario and 10 minutes later my entire tweet disappeared !
i 'm not saying he specifically deleted it but i am saying i did not and it was no longer there .
more recently we had owens and ryback feuding because owens did n't like ryback 's favourite book .
my nm 'reached out ' for the first time during our nc at xmas via an xmas card from her .
what she wrote did n't do anything to persuade me to end nc .
but definitely it is about events things that revolve around family .
i think nm finds my absence awkward and embarrassing for her .
when i was lc she would start 'hoovering ' being really nice around her birthday to try to get me to participate in her birthday celebrations .
this year i did n't play nice and refused to go to the family dinner narc family dinners hell for the sg and her behaviour afterwards persuaded me to go nc !
your account must be older than 1 day to post here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gunners if you have any questions or concerns .
cincy embarrassed themselves tonight from the fans to the players .
from the inciting on opposing fans after spearing bernard by dancing on the sidelines and celebrating .
if it was not for this i do not think cincy even comes back from the dead .
additionally you have porter coming onto the field without purpose inciting jones into bumping the official .
the problem is on your end loads just fine on chrome
i see what you did there p tampo printing or whatever they 're using now has come a long way .
fortunately many 1/64 collectors are n't that concerned about it so it 's not too big of a deal when you 're selling .
the problem is that there is no alternative in germany because almost every politician has show a lot of incompetence in this disaster .
maybe seehofer but he is only all talk so nothing will change at all .
i agree it 's hard to believe that the blng/fool truce ended .
chick turned on by smelling the seats where people had been sitting .
yeah i think i 'll practice in botgames before going in real games .
as a gamer and a gamer that mods i 've heard of all kinds of bullshit things happening due to switching .
i 'd love to switch but i 'm intimidated .
okay at it 's shortest point the keyboard with oem profile keycaps and bbb case is 1.125 '' 1.25 counting the rubber feet .
when the keyboard is angle the height is actually closer to 2 '' .
keep in mind there is about a 1mm different on where you screw the bar into the case your client 's keyboard can be slightly taller .
as an adult now i wish they were still around .
on the topic of windranger am i the only one who thinks she is fucking broken ?
she shits on right-clickers unless you get mkb to counter her evasion in the process of you getting a non-optimal mkb on your hero she gets item advantage on you by buying optimal items for herself .
magic burst damage seems to be her achilles heel but she still does n't do too poorly against mages either .
it allowed to me to write the 9.2 restore right over 9.0 with the automated restore backup feature .
edit or we can just downvote comments that we do n't like .
also if they are banned from studying any statistics related to gun violence ever why did they do an extensive review of statistics related to gun violence at the behest of president obama ?
just be careful what you do financially before you start and during the divorce process .
teams that know how to use terrorblade have used him a pretty fair amount .
he 's was pretty unstoppable at the start of the qualifier but i think teams are learning how to play against him .
i was n't 100 sure myself so i had to test it real quick i actually did n't know that it would update automatically if in the same sheet when just referencing the cell range !
i just tried to use the table reference like table1 a in the data validation input and it did n't work so i went straight to the named range .
that 's a bit much bare in mind that this is nowhere near our full strength squad with several youngsters people coming back form injury and people that are just incredibly out of phase right now .
few of them have showed up for this and it 's shown .
i do n't want to hear you moaning like a fucking banshee before you are even touched .
i will climb through this screen and slap you .
damnit there is literally nothing there i can disagree with .
certainly that was the general approach in the old testament .
however you wo n't really find much in the new testament supporting such a view .
on the other hand the new testament does n't deny the state the right to do such things .
the new testament was n't really intended as a basis for government i 'm sure that one will get me stoned .
personally i think punishment of any kind is mostly counterproductive .
i do n't really see the point in eternal punishment either .
i grew up in lp and i went to northwestern so double welcome i think taking the brown line to downtown from armitage gives you a unique way to see the city especially if you do it around 5 so that you can be sure to see it in the day and also at night .
if you guys like to go to bars there are some chill ones on lincoln ave between wrightwood and webster .
you might want to just walk the 4 blocks between those streets and see what you like .
the store is a fun also kind of gross 4am bar on halsted and armitage where you 'll definitely meet some characters .
if you have time to go for a walk either go by the lake via fullerton or to the 606 .
if you like museums there is a conservatory by the lake just south of fullerton and there 's the nature museum north of fullerton on cannon drive .
in terms of food i recommend any of the non-chain tiny taco places have a great time !
ps sorry to nitpick but it 's nu not nwu because it 's northwestern not north western .
after having been vegan for several years i seriously doubt he stopped because he had this sudden realization .
some think he said it because of hillary 's presidential candidacy .
buuuut.. i have freshly installed win10 and somehow steam has deleted all my trading history so it wont help me.. c i could start to dig up my emails but that would take ages
under ripe bananas actually cause you to become constipated .
today 's is conquest draft probably the only appropriate motd during the event xd
i have the same kind of issue very similar setup
the boot mode currently selected is legacy uefi '' .
after startup the msi boot screen shows for some seconds then a black window with a small white bar blinking for 15-20 seconds then windows seems to load and after that it boots fast .
still overall very slow boot from start till fully booted windows
can you post links to threads/sites where people have similar problems as we have ?
however there does n't seem to be a solution there either .
that 's half way towards an alaskan pipeline '' .
if she let it freeze and then shoved it in his ass .
hence why i said to look into further information following it .
of course it does n't show all the information that would be near impossible but i 'm pretty sure it will give you a lot more information than your getting from the news !
i 'm looking to buy one for my gf .
amc is ss in joust at least in season 2 .
we ca n't judge the character based on one movie out of a planned trilogy really .
rey 's character is obviously going to develop over the three films and we 'll learn about her past so i 'm reserving judgement on her until then .
besides you can explain away her combat skills since she was living on a desert planet on her own for like years .
its jarring that threads where tragic accidents happened are always full of comments like that .
these kids should not be running around in the first place .
after relocating over the summer i 've been trying to rebuild my client base .
i 'm a speech language pathologist so my referrals come from physicians in my case pediatricians most of the time .
edit for more info i discovered this week that at the private clinic where i contract i am actually getting enough referrals but the insurance person at the clinic has been requiring all children to have a full hearing evaluation with an audiologist before i do an eval .
the standard is a hearing screening which can be done by an slp .
it can be quite difficult to get one scheduled with an audiologist which explains why 90 of my referrals have been getting nowhere .
powerball mega millions and super lotto tickets on the other hand are cheap he said .
about 50 cents of every dollar goes toward the jackpot leaving about 40 cents for education and the remaining for agency costs .
i think it is as well whoever it is shouts out thaiboy bladee and whitearmor then says smogboys .
if it wasnt ecco i think whoever it was would shout out ecco or atleast himself
just spent a run of solo supporting and lost each game .
last game of the night i just went fuck it and plonked myself as luna on safelane with everyone else as cores .
absolutely smashed the other team in a 25 min match .
its things like this that makes me depressed about dota .
the thing is people generally start being less bigoted and more accepting as they live more comfortable lives .
the bigotry towards homosexuality is not mainly engineered from above .
i 'd be surprised if putin personally gave much of a shit .
it 's a populist step that was taken because many russians like it .
i think as long as russia works the way it does economically you just wo n't see the kind of leadership there which you would like .
holy crap thats very predatory behavior ... . from a guy me who is into cough alternate relationship dynamics thats saying something .
i ca n't really offer any advice on how to handle that situation but i will say that as long as you felt unsafe you were never overreacting .
your safety is always important and being wary of potential predators is part of staying safe .
please do all that you can to avoid another situation where you 're alone with this guy .
i did use skse memory patch i forgot to mention that one .
i did not use enboost i might try it on the new build .
but i did n't use it cause i do n't have any enb at all ...
also the card is around 2 years old but it does have 2gb ram on video card and everything else is ten days old cpu motherboard case ssd harddrive ...
the foggy blue is what does it for me ... spooky man
depending on the results of this event i 'll decide if we continue on it or move to us west as per advisement .
for people who may be looking for a more practical smoke his comment is amazing .
if i win i 'm gon na buy bitches and hoes foreva and have each of them walking albino potbellied pigs with rhinestone collars .
i 'm not very involved in his streams read some negativity about being a molester but what has he gone through that he should n't have ?
state-owned oil company who gets a mandatory 60 ownership .
like the notoriously bad country to invest in norway getting a 51 state-owned share in any of there wells through statoil ?
i guess i 'll try your suggestion as well .
thats one way to show you 're a dick .
i do n't think it 's considered ugly but as many guys are self conscious about it with no reason at all i will say bald/shaved head .
my query was fifa 16 logo '' and i believe it 's the first one to pop up .
here 's the link to it if you want to use it http www.fifplay.com/images/public/fifa-16-logo.png
also i can provide you with the .psd 's so you can mess around with them yourself .
o also do you have a picture of what it looks like ?
in dota 2 some russian told me he fucked my nurse .
i use my connections in said country to have that office blown up by drug cartels .
my secretary is a double agent and you fell for a honey pot .
pretty sure it 'll just say dead company since john mayer is a member .
they put a lot of money into merchandise and branding adding featuring '' to an actual member of the group is like saying pearl jam featuring eddie vedder
i have been carrying my zt 0300bw for a while now .
both book and grail have fallen out of the meta completely .
most either go for spooky ghosts for the stupidly high mana regen and amazingly strong active or roa like you said .
ok so from what i 've seen of the two they will have a few distinct differences in playstyles .
for alesha the best route i 've seen has focused on etb/ltb with things like blood artist impact tremors and similar cards doing some serious work .
it will function at its best when its trying to race everyone down .
sure black has grave pacts and what not that fit in well but focusing the deck purely around stax and keeping stuff out seems not as good .
athereos i feel would be the better stax commander if you want to go hard into that route .
his ability feels more like a crap i got wiped and those creatures really helped maybe i can get them back . ''
so a focus on creatures that just want ro exist constantly with him as back up is probably the best way forward .
and as far as stopping combo goes they both have appeal .
i think the biggest argument in favor of alesha here is red giving you red elemental blast and pyroblast to surprise the blue combo players .
boil is fun if you really just do n't want their crap .
tl dr alesha seems to work best as a etb/death engine while athreos is going to be about having a backup plan .
if you tick them off enough they will send kill squads too .
i do n't think the merchants help you fight them though since they 're in ncr turf but i could be wrong .
chambers actually played a lot like coquelin rather than arteta .
often playing only simple passes but dribbling well under pressure .
too early to tell how good he will be .
english is my 5th language actually i cant realy use any of my other languages as this is an english website ... and i dont think you could read/understand french dutch italian or german .
i try my best but i dont use english so much .
i get this reaction so often d it doesnt bother me but remember internet is global not everyone uses english
pierre might be jasper which means that peri is shipping herself with jasper .
i never wished death on anyone but if i did he would be at the top of the list .
not many reasons to not run it at 400-500 fps either though
i was n't planning on using it for production but i was wondering because i had to pass parent in self.b b method parent=self .
incidentally b is used in an environment where the method is selected by an external parameter so i am using a self.evaluate self.__getattribute method since it was easier than having to update a dict whenever a new method was written .
also featured is a getattr method for a to setattr undefined parameters from ros parameters which are not always needed or defined .
what about classic collection how much do you have of them ?
putting it purposefully mean they do n't want to lose out on the money of the attention hungry just wanting there name and comment on stream
i am not drinking today no matter what happens good or bad i am keeping sunday sober in cleveland all day .
nope got ta complete the challenges with it to unlock it .
who said to begin with that tfa is a good movie ?
the only reason no one in the uk throws any parties is because you never get far enough that it would be worth celebrating .
good chance you 're thinking of the federal assault ship .
which is more than a little op what with it being somewhat multipurpose and easily a match for a fdl even post buff
i hate it when this sub finds a rapper and go all in on the dickriding until he makes it big and they move on to the next quirky rapper
or the variable that he must have possession while inbounds with 2 feet down before he can even have it considered a catch .
if we go by that call i could semi catch a pass go out of bounds without having control of the ball but as long as it never touches the ground it 's a catch .
yeah definitely still need to work on my singing .
i tend to go staccato because im not particularly good at hitting and sustaining the notes and all that .
your post has been removed automatically because all images and short videos except for infographics must be submitted in text posts .
if you submitted an infographic please message the mods by clicking here http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fleagueoflegends otherwise click here http reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/submit ? selftext=true to resubmit your image the proper format .
if you 're not familiar with the subreddit rules you can read them here http reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/w/subredditrules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/leagueoflegends if you have any questions or concerns .
thanks d00d im listening to in silico now good enough for me
this is pretty good though there are a few changes i 'd make .
i also think an essential songs list would be important .
i 'd venture to say songs like baby and call me maybe are essential pop songs but their albums less so .
i 'm dumb i 'm not following how that video is proof .
is the i did n't do '' part saying she never admitted she had cancer ?
that 's why the conflict should be resolved asap .
in order to do that both sides need to put aside all the b.s .
rhetoric propaganda etc ... and engage in serious negotiations .
not necessarily bad since more good teams more substitute heroes to help you finish it .
how dare roidback hit a fellow professional wrestler for realsies ?
why he ca n't he be like cm phil who has never thrown a stiff punch in his life ?
2 guys who were using some sort of a dupe method and other bugs like being able to glitch thru terrain attacked my base .
at first i was able to keep them at bay with flak turrets but then they used some terrain bug exploit and made it straight to my base .
if you check the youtube comments just like criminals who return to the scene of the crime one of the hackers 'eternal winter ' aka ingame blue giraffe '' posts in the comments rekt ''
the admin of the server tracked down the steam id of the hacker and his youtube avatar and steam pic matched .
he has perma banned this fellow and his friend from the server .
if you play on a pvp server the 2 guys names were blue giraffe major
blue giraffe changed names a couple of times also to admiral and to bok .
its not like falcao 's beyond shit form comes as any sort of a surprise though .
but would n't it be easy if billions of people planted one tree in their yard/neighborhoods/communities ?
it 's even cheaper than that if you just want some favorable laws in a smaller industry or local area .
ten or twenty grand can get you whipped legislation at the state level .
i fast from 7pm to 7pm every day having 1 meal a day .
i work in an office and i tend to feel more focused and energetic while fasting .
baring in mind i 'm sat at a desk so do n't do much exercise at work .
motherboard is good ... can run star citizen arc fallout 4 rust all on ultra/high with no lag .
queen games have made some nice reprints of a few winsome games titles winsome games only make really small low budget print runs and almost only make train games .
eagle-gryphon games have also reprinted some winsome games train games .
keep in mind though that a lot of train games '' are actually stock holding or stock manipulation games and that is quite a difference from ticket to ride .
when i started playing modern games '' i also started with ticket to ride and really liked the train theme now my taste in games has changed a bit and i really like heavier games so the above games and 18xx https boardgamegeek.com/boardgamefamily/19/18xx games fit me really well .
of the 18xx ones i think 1830 https boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/421/1830-railways-robber-barons is the one that is the most availible .
we have removed it because of the following reason s
all content posted to r/warthunder ought to be reasonably relevant to the game and its content .
for future reference please refer to the r/warthunder faq http www.reddit.com/r/warthunder/wiki/faq and rules http www.reddit.com/r/warthunder/wiki/rules .
if you have any questions please do not hesitate to pm the moderator team http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fwarthunder .
i have lost someone dear to me through suicide so please understand when i say fuck your ex-friend right in her face ! ''
if you are gon na buy deldrimor stell ingots and elonian leather square
or you can craft your own deldrimor stell ingots and elonian leather square that means 75 days
like any other tank item you build to counter the enemy .
if the enemy is going to try and poke you or disengage and reset the fight warmog 's is effective at negating poke as well as recharging you for a reengage after their janna and lulu ults have been used .
sterak 's is the more useful item in general if not in the aforementioned situations .
the shield and damage benefits tanks that are able to dive into the enemy team to try and force enemy carries out of position as well as being a more gold efficient item in cases where the passive on warmog 's is useless .
hahahaha when i got it my reaction was exactly the same lol
more and more there seems to be this trend on porn sites to cut off the money shots of videos which is really annoying .
so regardless of category do n't do that please .
wow this has actually really hit a cord with me .
thank you so much you 're right oh my god .
this is the iso standard method even in there it says a comma or full stop is acceptable to delineate decimals which is profoundly annoying to me for some reason .
it seems like you 've been downvoted by a lot more than just one person .
but do n't let that stop you blaming it all on me .
i 'm asking because i really want to get into it and i 'm moving out of my parent 's house this year .
i do n't know how i 'll support myself so i 'm going closeted into the army for two years most likely in an it job .
i do n't have a way to pay for college and the army will cover that .
i do n't think i could get an entry-level job that pays more than minimum wage and i do n't think these jobs even exist in the it field .
super hanz has some similar ideas to dank and robinson .
some people prefer trading over playing i am in like division 7 too and will have a pretty nice team in some days
it 's definitely the bmw guy texting the guy on the double bike i know .
he also released a video in his drama alert channel sating how so bad he feels and shit .
i have never wanted to punch an youtuber as much as him and that is saying alot considering i endured fred and dashie
agreed i like naruto and a whole bunch of other anime/manga but i 'm not about to let non-anime people know that shit .
yeah those are bad for us but there is no way of proving that they caused one individual to be sterile .
people need to understand the difference between what is true on population level and what is true for the individual .
i do n't see what being ripped has to do with lifting a car honestly .
so how many people were throwing things and can anyone say for sure people were intentionally throwing it at ben when he was on the cart ?
i honestly do n't know and i would like to know if this was a widespread thing .
the hateful eight the revenant is a great movie .
i dont even have particle lod in my user options and i still crash..
even if it was only 12 months he would have just said yes it is an htc exclusive .
if there was any kind of exclusivity even if only for a certain time frame he would have said yes we are exclusive .
by saying he had to defer to valve makes it clear there is no such agreement .
if there was he 'd be bragging about it he 's a marketing guy .
as a spanish speaker i am 100 sure i will have a full non spanish speaker crew .
not only it 's cringey it 's spain 's spanish so it sounds like 'ye olde spanish ' to us .
should n't millionaires be taxed significantly more than everyone else ?
are you going to lift the benefits cap as well ?
if you average those numbers off the tee consistently as you say and are scoring like that you really got ta work on that short game man .
post a swing video and you 'll get some advice here
usually for the es spheres you can only get 1. so maybe you should make a special sphere the requires wdb but u can only craft 1. also probably make it a stat up sphere instead of a spark buff sphere .
no you ca n't get it any more unfortunately .
people in the past used to be able to send a support ticket to get it but they changed their policy on that too .
thanks for the input guys it seems like no matter what i do it starts with iron man .
so i will grab him and start working on him .
then i can work on iron fist and gamora and play with the teams .
it seems from what you guys said and what i have read wasp is someone who must be used .
i would save for toty because even with buying the bundle it would still cost a lot to complete the set .
they said this was concept art that became the imperial fighter awhile ago so probably do n't get too excited for it being a big ship .
that said you can go fly it in cqc .
maybe try asking if they want to help you practice .
i remember the last time i managed to get people into a custom arena was when i was specifically asking for help in dealing with condi revs .
which then made me realize the only reason i got so much help from the old pvp vets who left the guild was from bugging them for help first ...
you kind of just made me completely rethink my whole approach .
original post so i took my new drone to south africa ... https www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/408qpu/so_i_took_my_new_drone_to_south_africa
that is if you are buying panels for efficiency and not just cost .
just so you know it 's aesthetic not tryna be a dick just letting you know and that would be too incredible .
i think she lost her faith in humanity at that moment .
well you should probably give your state because laws vary depending on your state but you need to call the non-emergency police number in your local city to file a police report and then talk to who the person who led the tour .
if you want you can record the conversation you have with this person but that is only if you live in a one party consent state .
also you may want to honestly delete the post and repost it in the morning so the more active knowledgeable people who comment are more likely to see it .
can you comment on the size of the cabin that you built for this cost ?
i did n't see it or missed it when reading the post .
he 'll still be here much to the shagrin of everyone who hates him .
not that i agree with what he did but you do n't let a player like that get cut for nothing .
ross is garbo you guys let a 40 yr old dinasaur beat you guys the last couple playoffs
if there 's nothing to be done it 's not a problem it 's an environment .
then it 's not a problem right now it 's just a part of my environment .
a nice thing about this is that its flexible to all systems .
if you want to change the environment any environment then you can make it your problem .
here is the list of video source you 'd need to own to have everything you need to edit it yourself
star wars episode v the empire strikes back official blu-ray 2011
star wars episode v the empire strikes back 2006 bonus dvd sourced from the 1993 definitive edition laser disc master
adywan 's the empire strikes back 1997 special edition reconstruction hdtv source which you ca n't legally own
star wars 1997 special edition reivax dtv capture which you ca n't legally own
team negative1 35mm print scan pretty sure you do n't own this print
adywan 's the empire strikes back 1980 theatrical reconstruction ntsc dvd i ca n't find what source he used
puggo strikes back 16mm print transfer i 'm pretty sure you do n't own that print
all in all it 's very unlikely impossible someone has all of this at home so downloading it is illegal .
does that mean that if i leave japan my income is still taxable in japan as long as i meet the 5 years out of the last 10 years '' criteria ?
a good villain will make you consider wether or not they are actually wrong .
tell them you 're hunting fur a new job .
i was a straight a student all my life but barely passed my final exams due to depression then failed 5 colleges after 2 months max due to my various mental health issues taking over i handled them well until i tried to choke out a bully and had to switch schools .
i have been a dirty neet ever since with no money for therapy .
but my mother is looking to start her own business so there is hope .
c'mon we 're used to sudden changes of tone pacing and mechanics in this series i.e .
on mgs4 the mecha battle at shadow moses and the fight against liquid every sniper fight the sorrow segment on mgs3 to name a few
i think every single graphic designer has made a low-poly fox at some point .
search for low poly art '' and you 'll find hundreds of foxes .
it 's changed the way i experience and sense the world especially in how i can smell things and i 've become a lot more emotional .
ride the metra and buy your ticket on the train .
the best way to keep them from your social media accounts assuming deleting the accounts/not making any is out of the question is to put your restrictions on maximum and then reporting to facebook/twitter/whatever that you do n't want them contacting you .
though i suppose it was because he knew rondo was tracking curry
jozef stumpel holds the kings record for game winning overtime goals in a season ? ? ?
he said they hacked '' into it did n't he ?
like under the guise of trying to find her but all we really know about her mailbox is that messages were deleted .
and it stands to reason he would have heard a voicemail from steven avery since avery had called her phone if he was stalky he would have heard that message soon after it happened too .
if you still have room toss me an invite !
no but only the first penalty of the bad 2 still happens .
the 2nd one would n't have happened because i imagine most of the defense would be sore due to zimmer 's foot being lodged so far up their ass .
the fumble killed it and no coach really has control over that .
hill is a pro and has been trained to hold onto the football .
only if you 're willing to play an entirely different game .
i 'd seen buttons like that on gloves but i mistakenly thought they were just to make the glove more snug against the wrist without making the opening too small to get your hand through .
in my opinion the first season was about the decay of mental strength manipulation and the attempt to find clarity in a mess but ultimately failing .
i 'm probably wrong but i could see that the fourth season is hannibal deploying new unseen tactics in an attempt to convert will into what he wants .
it could also again my opinion be a look into the way that hannibal hide himself behind other serial killers in an attempt to normalize himself .
this mother fucking city did everything in it 's power to keep the team in town this past year .
the chargers were the ones who backed away from the table .
so how the fuck could their efforts to exhaust all options to stay in town be considered valid ? !
they fucking turned their backs on us ! ! ! ! !
now if you want unsatisfactory i 'll give you an example of pittiful work .
you and the fucking way you handled domestic abuse last year you miserable fucking twat .
the chargers leave i am done with the nfl forever .
i can not do this anymore and live a healthy life .
i hope to see you all on/r/padres if it comes to it .
you can try unplugging the kill switch and see if it starts without it .
as an incredibly picky eater this would make me insanely happy to see .
it 's difficult at first but after a few times it 's easy .
if it helps think of it as us building a wall around their world .
the picture so well stabilized it looks like a render .
no rush d ive edit the info needed already !
there 's apparently dungeons and dragons clue http boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/1663/clue-dungeons-dragons .
yep mfr machines will accept rf eu and mj as power sources .
coney dog topping on spaghetti i 've been here for 15 years and i 've never learned to like the stuff
the only reason we 're doing it is because it gets us her employer 's match .
i mean unless they take 50 then we should come out ahead i suppose .
i tried to get her boss to go with vanguard but unfortunately he was unwilling to setup an employer account he had to manage online .
move the file pip.py to a temp folder and test again .
show me the content first lines at least of the pip.py file .
just so you know it 's not me down voting you .
yes i agree that there is variation in the rate of muscle growth but there is a limit or someone could instantly go from 100lb to 200lb if they just sat there eating constantly .
if teeth brushing makes you fatigued you might want to consult a physician .
also if you have no money how are you going to purchase this hypothetical drug ?
if you want to do dungeons anytime i 'm down to do so
i hate the cold and i hate heights so it really was n't a good combo for me .
so i can see the dad getting away with it .
and if the canadians live in a very remote area who would know about the kids .
woah you can really tell that you have lost weight !
super impressive transformation and your smile is so cute .
from this photo it does n't like your skin is bad but good on you for looking after your skin .
my only recommendation would be to try and grow your hair a bit more but you look great regardless !
awww that 's sweet great when customers remember appreciate good service .
bet they did indeed have a happy new year !
mate seriously you are all good its basically just caffeine like people who drink coffee each morning or throughout the day .
i 'd be more inclined to say research and make your own pre as you 'll save a ton of money
stream movie trumbo 2015 '' video high definition for mobile youtube hdrip how download
in 1947 dalton trumbo was hollywood 's top screenwriter until he and other artists were jailed and blacklisted for their political beliefs .
it has been an awesome journey i would n't change for anything .
he was a gun for the stars last couple of seasons .
honorable mention to reggie miller for being unaffiliated with a team and yet terrible at commentating .
i 'd just say it 's less than 50 .
civ v has a strategic view '' that should be potato approved .
dude you 're ignoring the most basic economic concept for chart patterns '' which 10 different people will see 10 different things ...
you 're suggesting that this remark casts suspicion onto him in a fucking murder case .
more so that it just confirms that he 's a creep and yes someone having that view in light of the fact that he 's suspicious in this murder case does cast more suspicion onto him .
you can try and use semantics to wriggle out of that position but that 's the position you 're taking .
it 's not using semantics it 's using words correctly .
maybe you slept through english class when you were in school ?
perhaps putting it another way will help you we do n't convict based on a cop 's probable cause '' because probable cause is just suspicion .
guilt has n't been proven at that point and it ca n't be .
i 'm not but you 're clearly living in an alternate reality .
i would feel perfectly fine if you would use it for upgrading your pc
also 125 points to fight a knight and kill it possibly warscythes .
writing lore has taken a bit of time though .
after this week with no winners at 950million next week after taxes and lump sum it would actually come out to 605 million
i didnt play cod 4 so this might be my only chance to experience it
dig around there 's a lot out there already .
as u/peacockpartypants said there 's a hell of a lot of anecdotal evidence already that ecigs are significantly more effective than traditional nrt .
i was a committed smoker had been for 29 years .
smoking was one of the reasons i was unable to make my marriage work yet i still carried on with them that 's how strong their hold was .
i just enjoyed smoking and did n't want to quit .
one day back in 2012 i bought a cheap cig-a-like the ones you can get anywhere and thought 1 .
they 're gutless flavourless rubbish but 2 the principle was solid !
they provided me with all the behaviour cues i needed plus the nicotine kick on demand .
within days i 'd bought a much better kit and never looked back .
fates willing i 'll vape until i die but i feel tons better now that i 'm not sucking in the smoke from the burning tobacco leaves on a regular basis .
such a giant pussy in super then does n't even fuckin show up to watch his dad fight in the universe 6 7 tournament .
just start watching more shows and rate the kids one with low stars they will start to go off as you watch other type of content
yeah i was definitely low balling just to be safe .
tome 3 opens by opening the chests.. what secret switch ?
i 've made characters and bios for short stories/games in rpg maker and so forth in the past so i know how long it can take .
i 'm thinking a pre-set of 4 characters that my two friends can pick from with slight modifications from the d d book we go by so it still seems like they 've created them in full and it wo n't be too difficult to keep track the first few times around .
at games in the future when we 're more into everything i can add what seems to be nonsense '' additions/details .
i 'll just print out the sheets and have them ready for the players and bring on the word you say about just keeping in mind what makes sense for who they are rather than keeping an eye on the sheet like a hawk .
blablabla when he was a child he gazed upon the armory of his father .
he views the weapons with awe but there 's two in particular that catches his attention .
a massive warrior axe that takes two hands to wield in order to do proper damage .
but can be folded and carried as a lightweight sword once he reaches a certain level and can carry more items as a result at a later stage and
a broad sword that 's light enough for one hand so a shield if acquired can be used for the other hand but the sword can also be made into a bigger one with another set of blade that he carries on his back thus making carrying several items a difficult task but in situations of serious danger it can become useful after all despite the limited things he can carry and use in combat to help himself to victory .
one of the two weapons might be of interest and drags him towards it .
my idea here is that the warrior sees one of the two walks towards it and if the dice calls for it he also gets a small bottle of healing potion .
'' the father comes into the room delighted to see his son has chosen the path of the warrior and decides to teach him the basics of combat for a year before a hoarde of ghouls rampage the city and kills almost everyone in it along with his parents .
he was lucky enough to be small enough to hide inside a vase or something i 'll come up with something better but was now turned into an orphan and made a promise to avenge his parents .
when he reached the age of xx he finally got strong enough to start practice and build upon the lessons his father taught him . ''
and i 'll come up with something clever as to why he still has access to that weapon or how he acquired it back perhaps a small side quest or whatever depends what he says/choose and how it progress from there i guess .
the two guys i 'm going to play with wo n't use 5 minutes to pick something at least i do n't think so and even if they do it wo n't detract from fun the way i know them .
in a different setting i might go for a more standardized way of doing things to counter this .
something similar for the other class or whatever i come up with .
depends who they choose to go for as well as it will be the grounds of what i make the intro of the story to be .
i have an idea to go by the basic rules and details of characters but only include the essentials to a custom character sheet as to not make it too difficult the first time around and base things on devices/items they find .
one of them that i got in mind is a spell that after acquired can turn a rock into anything they 've seen that weight less than 2 kilograms after the spell is in their possession .
i 'd also prefer and hope the two choose 2 classes that oppose each other warrior and a priest for example so as the story progress one of them will be able to give the other 2 defense or 2 resistence against magic and the other will be able to give 2 attack for one round but they ca n't use both at the same time/same round but that idea may be void as well depending on how it plays out and what makes sense to what i have in mind further on .
i also have an idea of using poker chips as currency in order to keep track of money so healing potions can be bought and use those black yatzee thingys to account for 1 healing potion but they can only carry so much at a time and use no more than one per day this may change as they raise in level and face more difficult opponents and depending on how the story progress as well and what they end up using their imagination for .
not too difficult to keep track of with the right character sheets currency and spells as i plan on making one for every level they gain and use whatever i find in the basement that can define that sort of spell with a physical item .
not sure if it 'll work in practice though but it 'd be fun to try out .
thanks for the advice on keeping the momentum going and not being hooked up on mistakes as that 's something i 'd probably do if i was n't made aware of it .
i 'm also the dm after all and if i 'm good enough and see something ai n't working out i can make it void at some point that makes sense without it being too obvious/boring .
i 'm also going to have the 40/40/20 in mind seems to be a really great rule of thumb .
hopefully i 'll be able to go into character but i guess this takes practice and something i 'll be better at doing over time .
okay this could be difficult to diagnose but you need go see a neurologist .
you could have a small problem but it could be something very severe that needs urgent treatment .
if you black out at the wrong time you could injure yourself or others .
if you have genuinely low blood pressure you 'll need to add salt to your diet and you also get pills that raise your blood pressure .
you 'll have to look at cardiac diseases like dysrhythmias that cause black outs e.g .
you could be producing too little cortisol and this is called addisons that can also lead to light headedness .
neurologically you need to be checked for brain tumors aneurysms avm 's and a whole host of other things .
psychiatric diseases that cause blackouts include anxiety and all the panic disorders but these often feel like you 're having a heart attack and then you pass out .
my best guess is that you suffer from primary hypotension in that you just have low blood pressure .
you 'll need to do as i said above but you must see a specialist .
what you are experiencing is not normal often dangerous and could be a sign of a major medical disease .
put your mind at ease and see someone who knows their stuff .
people will never let those penilities go but that never would 've happened if hill would 've played conservative .
i want to get him in but ca n't fit him into the squad have mahrez/kdb/ozil/alli .
s8 and s9 imo gave us the doctor/companion love story pushed to its underlying truth what happens when the doctor falls with tl depth in love with a human companion who 's enamored by the glamor and excitement of a space/time traveling alien ?
he has an enormously long life span prolonged by a whole new round of regenerations she 's a mayfly fragile and short lived .
so since she does n't want to be safe he drives himself almost literally crazy trying to make her safe while taking her on the best adventures ever and of course failing .
he 's become obsessed not so much with love but with the terror of losing her and his fear of that turns him into a threat to the whole universe who will go to any lengths to keep her .
the only workable solution as he finally sees for himself in hell bent is for them to part company and for him to ditch his obsession along with his memories of the emotional content of his time with her .
so when he meets up at xmas with river on her way to death in the library he shows us what he 's learned from the clara experience when things reach their inevitable ends accept it and let go .
the rebel rocker just grew up out of his defiant teens right before our eyes .
in character terms i do n't think he 's likely to be shown permitting any new companion relationship to go down that painful route again .
in terms of the tone of this long changeable show itself i think everyone is ready now for a new direction .
so i do n't think this is something to worry about .
this made me laugh considerably more than it probably should have .
i 've been getting a lot of different comments about the duration of a trip .
this heavily depends on the dose and the person .
for me and my friend trips usually last 6-8 hours .
if someone took two or more tabs understandably their trip would be a lot longer .
i believe that if one were to follow the guide and take a small dose or half a dose saying their trip would last 14 hours would be misleading .
also feeling a bit different '' is the hangover/afterglow bit i presume and is not part of the actual trip .
i will remain adamant about not putting your phone in flight mode .
in another comment i mentioned a friend who ran off on her first trip without telling us making us go look for her around the city having no idea where she could be .
if her phone was on flight mode there would be no way for us to locate her and make sure she was doing alright .
she had left her phone at home but at that moment we very much wished she had n't .
if a call is unwelcome do n't answer it .
i 'm concerned that there were a few serious errors ''
time is a factor in how long it takes to heal but it 's not the only one .
those who came from long-haul relationships have a lot to process no question about it .
those are losses from the amount of time invested to anything else this relationship cost them .
grieve all of those for however long it takes .
the fact is whatever their feelings were towards you even if they pretended to have them the whole time yours were real toward them and that will take time to sort out .
authentic relationships always take time to develop no shortcuts .
if they did n't last long then either they were flings or the relationship was fast-forwarded in some way .
i could n't find a launcher that i liked quite yet looking into making my own and i need those there for a project i am working on .
that would have at least looked a little better c .
it 'd be a shame to not give it to him for the hateful eight .
both this and the skyrim mod were poorly made and profited from it .
you can see it is not animated as it is just a model with no bones .
fuck if they gave the dragons wings or turned the claw into pinchy '' and animated them it would work but they just ported them from a fucking thomas game
it 's also fine if she 's actually a good actress .
it 's important to understand that for non-amateur porn these people are literally at work .
you are watching them do their job but some of them are very good at it .
i remember that the husk of the pit was dropping earlier than bungie wanted in the trial version of the game bungie jumped on it in less than a week then it stopped dropping all together after how and bungie took like 2 months to even acknowledge it .
that bissed me off and i did n't really care who won .
hill had one fucking job and he blew it .
had he not fumbled all that other shit probably would n't have happened .
i mean i know there are problems with distribution but my water seems to get to my place filtered .
i usually drink bottled water but tap water with ice has never made me sick .
veigar does n't have stealth that is what you lack to understand .
it has been known for people to work there way across by doing small jobs for a week or 2 eg .
yeah i can see that especially with the tail .
i 'd never seen that kind of fox before googling it .
hep c but the dr says my levels are within normal range .
based purely on the chat and timestamps from yasp it does n't seem like he has all vision just '' some script that continuously checks for items .
there 's a delay between a person buying the item and getting it on one occasion he reports the courier as having the item and seconds later the hero which fits the courier getting into enemy vision before handing off the item .
i only see him calling out two wards being placed out of 12 which could easily have happened while in enemy vision .
none of the wards were countered he bought eight sents but only placed two of them both right outside radiant fountain .
tl dr from reading the logs it does n't look like a map hack but more like a script of some sorts .
while that is obviously annoying enough there 's a vast difference .
had poor almost non existent sex education when i was in high school .
i knew that porn was a thing but i could n't understand why it was still amazing to everyone .
i tried watching it and fingering but nothing spectacular happened .
then i watched a lesbian video out of curiosity i heard that even straight girls like it and realized that they were playing with each other 's clits .
it was a unique feeling like warmth spreading throughout my legs .
the advanced two-player variant was supposed to balance the base game between the two strategies .
there was a post on bgg from the designers explaining why .
id get a lot more quotes on that son .
nothing super revolutionary in what you 're trying to do sorry .
obviously its not a 2 day job but it could be done by 1 or 2 capable people in 60 days or less easily .
i 'm doing exactly what you 're asking with my hue lamps .
i have an old router that the bridge is connected to and i use my iphone 5s upgraded to 6s and ipad to work the lights .
ca n't do anything fancy like turn the lights on before you get home or any geolocation stuff but it gets that job done .
any app you use should ask you to press the 'link ' button on the bridge to connect and then you should be good to go !
alright you guys have talked me into spending a little more getting a positive pressure case instead of a passive case and going ahead and get skylake .
i dropped the ram speed down and the size to 8gb to afford this new setup .
pcpartpicker part list http pcpartpicker.com/p/tvqkvn price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/p/tvqkvn/by_merchant
pap smears usually should be started around 18 to 21 ... regardless of sexual activity .
the same way i feel about them touching my bald head .
the mmr that matters is your current mmr but dont be surprised if u go 5/5 to be placed in gold 2-3 its just the soft reset .
it just was n't a conductive one on their part .
and we did go through the rules and guidelines .
the rest i have no idea what you are talking about .
like obviously bassnectar will be there but other than that what headliners and such ?
not really sure what kind of budget we should expect for this .
i already have a few shares of tsla fslr spwr and scty ...
maybe some sources of where to find more of this information .
i feel as though i should take the plunge change all my passwords to letters/numbers load them all up in 1password and use to it 's full extent .
idk man i cant seem to get past using the generated password for more than 2 accounts ... .
always had oily skin then had kids and now i have dry/sensitive skin .
some concern about aging as well but not a huge priority right now .
i have occasional breakouts and am allergic to benzoyl peroxide .
i had a great routine but then the changes in my skin have thrown things off .
i was using the aloe products from the body shop for awhile and also sampled some of their nutriganics products but i do n't feel like i was getting enough moisture and started getting more frequent breakouts .
i 'm back to basics now using cetaphil wash and moisturizer and tea tree oil to spot treat blemishes .
but i still feel dry throughout the day especially in the canadian winter and get random red spots and breakouts .
or a certain brand aveeno or clinique or something like that or something different from body shop ?
i never really paid much attention to skin care products before but now that i have issues i 'm not sure where to look .
i recently entered the realm of collecting nicer automatics by purchasing a beautiful longines hydroconquest .
it 's only been a few weeks and i 'm already hooked .
just a few days ago i cleared my old collection of a half a dozen fossil watches in order to fund something i 've been admiring as of late .
i 'm looking for a clean vintage omega preferably with a brown strap but i could always change that out .
i would say my budget would be under 700 usd but the more affordable the better .
as a side note i 'm in canada so just a heads up for shipping purposes .
moss fought hard but was easily overrun in the end .
one could almost imagine he was reincarnated as matt taking what he did in vietnam to the next level in recent wars to perfect his art and return to make a difference against the same forces that killed him the first time .
i know this is not the case still fun to examine the differences and similarities .
even anton vs alejandro again very different but similar characters .
in an alternate universe sicario is no country for old men in a modern time taken to the next level '' of intensity with regard to mexico and crime and changes that have taken place during the passed time between movie settings .
both have the same sense of justice and pending doom .
they both struggle with their strength of good and honor in the face of mighty unstoppable evil .
they both want to fight and quit at the same time .
to drive this point home ask yourself what would ed tom do if he were in kate 's shoes ?
both have the same affinity to getting the job done .
the same core ideals at heart both love their country and are willing to fight to the last bone to win .
the only difference here is matt was able to hone his skills longer with better tools than moss had access to .
i could see moss becoming matt with training weapons and time .
we have no idea where anton comes from or what drives him but one could argue alejandro turned himself into a anton in his own right .
one that fits more into today 's modern world .
in a lot of respect they too are more alike than different .
the biggest difference is alejandro needs matt for his mission while moss was an impediment to anton .
also anton had shown zero affinity to anyone while alejandro still had threads to his former self and somewhat still leans chaotic good .
in fact mexico plays itself in both movies and is an exact continuation between both .
in both movies we are shown examples of how mexico is changing and the border states are affected .
both movies paint the same tragedy that mexico will continue to fester and america will only keep getting worse leaving us law enforcement pissing in the wind .
in fact i would suggest to watch both movies back to back i imagine that would actually flow nicely together for a complete experience of old and new on the same topic .
its so hard making gay jokes and hoping you wont get lower karma butt fuck it .
i run a autograph business and porn autographs is one of my biggest sellers .
the one thing that takes too much of my time from the business is finding good shots of the girls to have photos developed to be signed .
i am looking to pay someone to find me good shots and then email them to me .
i posted here because i really do n't know where else would be a good idea to post .
if anyone has a better place i 'm all ears .
if you want a link to my website to check that i am for real i can give it to you .
i would post it here but i do n't want to look like i am just soliciting my business .
this is a woman who literally has fox news on her television all day .
one person can make a a difference in this life .
and all of us together can change the world .
after a disappointing experience at my district competition i 'm here to share my deca experience .
i 'm a senior in my 4th year of deca and i made it to state all my previous years but this year was different .
at the district competition i first took my test which i felt extremely confident about and i ended up getting a 84/100 which many of you that have done deca would know is an excellent test score .
after the district event i looked at the scoreboard with the test/role play scores and i had the highest test score by over 15 points .
about 30 minutes after finishing the test i began my role play prep and went on to preform the role play in front of my single judge .
as many of you know deca role plays are weighted twice as much as tests even if you only have a single judge during your role play most district role plays are suppose to have 2 judges to prevent bias .
unfortunately i had one judge and after i preformed my role play i felt confident as i did with my test .
later during the awards i learn that i did n't qualify for state this is before i looked at the test/role play scores .
all the students that did qualify for state were from the same school .
after looking at the scores i saw i had the highest test score like i said previously but my role play was the lowest .
i ended up last in my event and was rightfully angry at the time because i went through all my performance indicators thoroughly yet the judge gave me 'below expectations ' for each of my performance indicators and even marked the same number for each of the indicators .
how could i have possibly gotten the same number ranking on all the indicators was what i was thinking in my head .
i must 've atleast done better on one of the indicators .
i thought something was up seeing as how all the students that advanced to state were from the same school .
so basically i got an 84/100 on my test which was the highest score and also believed i did excellent on my role play but my judge gave me a low score .
this ultimately made it so i could n't advance to state .
have you had a deca experience like this before ?
am i just butt hurt i did n't make it to state ?
were there any recommended antivirus i should be running on my machine ?
i have used norton on my mac for three years .
previously gmail 's spam filter had been doing great .
for the last week or two i 've been getting one or two emails a day that are about rentals or rent or collecting or paying rent .
i 've also been receiving one or two other spams get through that may or may not be related but i 'm less concerned by those .
what is making me angry is that nothing i can do will stop these rental emails from getting through .
every day new spam gets through from different names and different addresses and gmail marks them all as important .
i 'm only 22 and there 's babies everywhere it 's only going to get worse
i should n't have to mute my computer audio to not suffer from these ads .
i would n't mind them so much if i can mute them in spotify and not mute everything else .
can you only imagine if tvs were like this with commericals ?
imagine if they still played if you muted the tv .
that is not right ads should not be immune to their own site 's audio muting .
i called the manufacturer and they guided me through the threading process and showed that i really was threading it wrong !
i can check if it caught the metal hook properly by trying to tug the bobbin string .
if it comes freely i need to re-do it but if it tugs back it 's properly in there .
you were all right i just had no idea how the whole bobbin assembly worked !
i used the cheap cotton thread and started sewing my polyester lining .
i ran out of cotton thread and switched the upper to polyester all purpose thread that i bought this week .
the bobbin still had the old thread in it and it ran well .
when the bobbin ran out i used the polyester thread to refill it and the issue started immediately .
is my machine having a tantrum over polyester all purpose thread ?
would taking it to a shop be worth it ?
i changed the thread to a cheap cotton thread and it runs fine .
am i having issues with the all-purpose thread because of my material ?
i 'm using an old sheet to hash out some ideas rather than use my stash .
i have a singer machine home use shown here http imgur.com/ubw5bo6 and my problem is that the top tension is too high but i have lowered the upper tension and nothing changes..
i still get this http imgur.com/cnpaxom here you can see the upper and lower sides respectively up and below in the photo
changed the needle size 14 jeans needle because i 'm using cotton with all-purpose thread
oiled the metal parts which is n't in the manual..
i tried to get into the machine to look at the tension dial but it is farther in than i know how to open this machine..
description of gameplay elements you enter a seemingly normal warp pipe
however to your surprise it actually directs you into somebodies ' butt !
i 'm at it again i have 475 keys to sell looking for 1.82 usd per key in btc
i do not have a good story to provide but i certainly have enjoyed reading all the good stories here .
that 's when i started reading a confederacy of dunces by john kennedy toole .
its crazy the main character seems like an almost perfect combination of many of the people in the stories here .
an extremely obese quasi intellectual that looks down on everyone while being over 30 and living at home .
he smells and never changes clothes and constantly masturbates to weird things .
the more i read it the more i think he is the classic proto neck beard .
of course he is also portrayed in a sympathetic light and the book is generally funny and fantastic .
i 'm not sure if a book suggestion is appropriate for this sub so if it gets taken down that 's fine .
first year signing up for the subscription ... any idea when the first one should be sent out ?
getting antsy ca n't wait to have some new dead to listen to in my car .
when we started dating i starting smoking but just did n't like it enough .
i now smoke 8-10 a year – all after one too many a drink .
he has unsuccessfully quit a couple times since then but secretly starts up again each time .
i put secretly in quotes because any non-smoker smells this kind of thing immediately .
in our previous attempts we ration out cigarettes per day and step him down from whatever his current habit is to four .
each attempt to quit has come with fits/screaming/outbursts/crying centred around 1 stepping down by a cigarette or 2 me holding firm that an exception cigarette is out of the question .
during a recent relationship review we aired our grievances .
one of mine was that given the overwhelmingly negative health implications of the habit as well as its unnecessary current and future costs i do not want to date a smoker .
i tried to avoid an ultimatum and give him time to quit again but the smoking has only increased .
now instead of hiding it he smokes directly in front of me .
we had a situation where i thought being perceived as smokers could work against us .
therefore i asked him not to smoke for 12 hours before this meeting give clothes/hair time to air out a bit .
instant stroppiness and silent treatment for over an hour .
after a few drinks he just went for a smoke anyways although without his jacket .
my first thought was that this is the behaviour of a child .
and then it hit me ... this is the behaviour of an addict .
perhaps i am over-reacting but this sounds like a substance abuse problem to me .
if the stuff controls your actions/emotions and you ca n't go 12 hours without a fix something is wrong ...
am i being too controlling for wanting him to stop smoking ?
am i being too dramatic when i see this as substance abuse ?
worst of all ... am i being selfish for wanting to spare myself from the distress and cost of what i imagine could become significant health problems in the medium to long-term future ?
3 playing at mo want 1 more we play pass pass pass possession football with an any
airing now on fox now that the playoff game is over
the title says it all if skyrim were an mmorpg what changes would need to be made ?
of course we can leave the big things but what are some small things that you think would make skyrim a great mmorpg ?
you could discard the story of course but mechanically how would this work ?
we 've all thought about skyrim as an mmo now it 's time to let everyone else know what you think .
i was a huge fan of the kotor games and i was hyped for swtor but my old computer sucked .
got a new computer a couple months ago and now i wan na play again .
nintendo has announced some big network maintenance for monday any clue how this will affect the badge arcade ?
... is that jon will acquire the samurai helmet in mothership zeta and a deathclaw gauntlet because ye gods it looks wonderful with the chinese stealth armor .
i know it would be very temporary because friend ghouls but still .
i have 316k atm and im still getting more keys .
i could n't figure out how to post a link so it 's here .
why would they deny or are they allowed to deny service .
with the addition of the snow biome we no longer need to go underwater for our oil or pearls .
sure some of us do for that extra farm in order to craft those ridiculous saddles that cost 3000 pearls to make but in all honesty there is n't really a reason to tame something that swims .
i myself am scared to death of the oceans in this game as they 're hard to see in and i tend to crash quite a bit nowadays .
now could we seem something of worth so we can justify taming these monsters of the deep ?
i 'm a 16 soon to be 17 high school student interested in a career in woodworking .
i do n't want to sound like i am bragging but i believe i will be able to get into college on a fairly generous if not full scholarship for athletics .
this year i took a woodworking class that most people advised me not to take since i would be with mostly students looking for an easy grade .
however i really enjoy what i do in the class .
i am one of the better if not best students taking the course right now .
if i were to pursue woodworking as a career what would i optimally study in college and what steps should i be taking now in order to achieve this as a goal .
this all started last night after a boring saturday .
i had met up with a friend who provided me with 20 mgs of the substance so i went home and took it waiting with anticipation .
after about 45 minutes i did not feel anything except a small body load so i did some research .
as it turns out lsd can affect tolerance levels of the 4 aco dmt .
discouraged i had decided to go buy another 40 mg hoping the higher dosage would be enough to outweigh the tolerance .
so 40 mg were taken and this is where the trip report really begins .
30 min in i am now seeing slight distortions in reading words on my phone screen but other than that no visuals .
bigger body load this time but still not really what i was looking for in the trip .
at this point i was pretty upset because i thought all hope was lost and nothing exciting or meaningful was going to come from my night of so far disappointment .
still no visuals except slight distortions in reality nothing really crazy .
i almost feel like i completely leave my body and have became something greater than myself .
i was in so much awe tears started pouring down my face .
for once in my life i felt like i was something much more than just myself .
all my life 's troubles went away and i just could n't believe the overwhelming feeling of bliss humbleness and just complete respect for the world we live in .
i was no longer me i was one with the world .
2 hours in at this point i wanted to meditate .
i turned off all electronics all lights and just sat in my bed trying to take in what all this drug was trying to teach me .
this is where i learned that i was living my life all about me and i wanted to change that .
i still felt like i had become one with the world and i now felt like it was my responsibility to not focus on myself but the entire world and how i could impact it forever .
i know this was n't a long trip report but i really felt like sharing .
today i no longer just look at doing things for myself .
i now want to look at how i can help my fellow man my community and our society as a whole .
to finish the night i put comfortably numb on repeat gently crying myself to sleep .
and i really could not have been happier as i found the true meaning of life .
next time you get the chance help someone out .
we are on this planet to work together and after last night i now want to do anything and everything to make sure i now live the best life i can .
thank you for taking the time to read this it means a lot .
i hacked my wii late last year but had really held off from emulating the n64 on there as i have my own with a flashcart .
the n64 shat itself on christmas eve so i decided to download not64 and booted up mario64 on it using my gamecube controller to play it .
guys i really suggest you do this it 's such a great experience .
the controller feels great everything feels just right and the c-stick is much better than the c-buttons .
not trying to shit on the n64 's controller but this was so good i really needed to let people know .
i went to 2 lgs and the first one offered me 20 for both and the second one offered me 14 each for in-store credit .
the second lgs does n't have many singles that i want but they do have commander 2015 decks that im kinda interested in .
i heard from the professor that the price of gideon will just go down .
i 'm thinking i might want to sell it for cash and use it towards prerelease .
just looking for a breakdown into reasonable currency cheers !
i have trouble rubbing the clit while having sex .
my hand always feels very unnatural or my wrist begins to hurt .
any advice on ways to naturally rub the clit ?
global hit all hero ultiamtes are too strong in 10v10 and make the game unbalanced .
bloodseeker and undying are removed from this mode because their skills are too strong in 10v10 .
maybe a nerf on zeus and spec is also needed .
hey i 've seen the ggg video about them and they 're on sale but i 'm not too decided to buy them because the video is too short .
can anyone record a video or post some screenshots with different characters ?
looking to buy one if anyone could help me out might be interested in camo or red .
still exploring going to a road game seeing who else is thinking about it
he just said that the human body can live without the frontal lobe which is true .
especially when you are paying for a service or dealing with random unknown people .
i 've been bounty hunting in my cobra to earn enough credits to outfit for exploring cruising around res for easy pickings .
during one dogfight with an imperial clipper i suddenly had an npc sidewinder slam into me causing him to explode and give me a 6k bounty on my head .
ok i thought let 's get back to the station before the po-po blow me up and see if i ca n't pay this off .
it 's just 6k what could be the harm ?
so silent running fly in and dock my ship lo and behold i have no way to pay it off .
oh bounties ca n't be paid by yourself that 's just fines .
i could leave system for 5 days but i really like this system the location of the numerous res along with convenient station placement means that bounty hunting in it is pretty efficient .
then i get what i think is a brilliant idea ...
i 'll just buy a sidewinder store my cobra and let the police blow me up .
nope now i ca n't seem to get back into the station .
they tell me criminals do n't get docking privledges and i 've lost numerous sidewinders trying to get into it .
turns out silent docking is harder in these things or at least it is to me and now i ca n't get to my primary ship .
i now have at least 184000000 experience points in the mining skill .
i made a resolution last year to complete some of my mashups and compile them into an album .
assuming this quadcopter http www.hus.sg 's calculations are correct if you were to upscale this to lift a 170lbs payload not including unit weight what would be the ideal prop size and motor power ?
what information or formula would i need to calculate this informaion ?
hi people i have a huge foot fetish but i 've never had the chance to do it as yet .
i basically want to kiss lick and suck a ladies feet and toes .
there was a guy online saying this could lead to sickness as theres a lot of bacteria and pathogens that can be picked up anybody with experience of feet play ?
i wo n't bore you with the specifics but i have an idea for a small time online lottery that i 'd like to explore .
my question is what kind of added regulations or laws would i need to brush up on if i wanted to make an online ticket lottery ?
context i am sitting for a family with 6 mo b/g twins and their 3.5yo sister .
i 'm still getting acquainted with the babies quirks and preferences .
we had a rough start big sister is super helpful we get into the groove .
its 5:30pm parents are late i 'm bottle-feeding both twins in slightly reclined highchairs in the kitchen near the backdoor .
their dogs are whining furiously to come in from inside .
me hey big sister can you help me and let your doggies in ?
i choked back a laugh and calmly said no my hands are busy feeding both of the babies .
she was already on the way to the door so i just laughed to myself .
i know this is a very controversial opinion but i also know that you will all agree with me .
been trying out new rb all day all of them seem to suck cock and wo n't break tackles .
so i was wondering what your guys favorite rb are
this shield concept will be used in coordination with a character who loses all that he loves in a single night .
if this is something you feel you would enjoy working on i would be happy to provide the full background story about a page and a half .
sorrow 's respite is a slightly larger than average tower-style shield think roman shield walls .
the metal shield stands 5'3 and is the width of a little more than a typical strong soldier .
the front of the shield is intricately designed from top to bottom .
at the bottom is the image of a burning wooden home with three female faces distinguishable but inside the flames from left to right a widow in her 50 's a 31 year old mother a 14 year old daughter .
rising towards the middle out of the flames is a spear bursting through a muscular orc 's skull with blood splashing on two orcs one on both sides .
fading into the top lies an ominous mountain with a defiant ram proudly amidst the crag .
three tears can be seen beneath the ram 's stern eyes .
thank you in advance to anyone who may chose to engage with this project idea !
a bachelors degree is required to coach at the college level .
i was wondering for someone who genuinely wanted to go into coaching what would they major in ?
to clarify i 'm not asking for myself this thought just occurred to me .
is there a specific major that relates to coaching ?
also i think there are universities that recommend a masters degree .
graduate schools are very competitive even if your school is n't ranked in the top 10 or 20 in your field of study .
for someone whose dream career is being a football coach what would they specialize in for their masters ?
i would assume there are coaches who have degrees in fields not relating to sports in any way .
hey guys i 'm looking for a redline only ft or mw with stattrak with 4x ibp non holo katowice 2014 .
b/o 135 keys for the redline with 4x ibp non holo .
do n't have too many bred atm but what i have to trade right now is
1 shinx f adamant with guts and night slash ice fang fire fang thunder fang in a pokeball .
got a few m with intimidate if anyone is interested
6 squirtle m modest with aura sphere and dragon pulse in a dive ball got some with torrent if anyone is interested
4 swinub 3f 1m adaman thick fat with odor sleuth freeze dry icicle crash and stealth rock in a pokeball
if you 're new around here this is the weekly '' post featuring upcoming events on campus deadlines campus info etc .
if you know of an event discussion topic etc .
that was left out feel free to comment on this thread with the details and a link !
faculty and staff want cool flair next to your username ?
just shoot one of the mods a message confirming your employment and we 'll hook you up !
additionally we 'll add you to our handy-dandy sidebar list of people who know what they 're talking about . ''
monday jan. 18th campus is closed for mlk day !
jan. 20th 11:59pm last day to add a course via mycuinfo and last day to sign-up for a course 's waitlist .
jan. 27th last day to drop a course using mycuinfo without tuition charge or a w '' grade .
this is also the deadline for withdrawing from the university entirely .
feb. 23rd all diplomas mailed to fall graduates congrats ...
get your bike registered w the cu police for free !
mon. re-occuring 2pm-3pm umc 's weekly free event '' i love mondays !
they failed to mention details of this week 's activity .
if you 're a business major you should probably care about this event ... details here .
http events.colorado.edu/eventlist.aspx ? fromdate=1/11/2016 todate=1/24/2016 display type=public eventidn=34633 view=eventdetails information_id=149636
learn how to cook a new dish every week !
there are several free recitals featuring world-famous musicians held throughout the week at the college of music .
check out their events calendar http www.colorado.edu/music/events if jammin ' to some classical violin or romantic piano is your thing .
can you tell from my description of music that i am an engineer ?
wolf law and/or business library wolf law school building way over near kittridge village baseline and 28th st.
here is the amazing list of access hours for all the buildings on campus .
i highly suggest skimming it over you never know when it might save you from a multitude of sins .
are you planning on using the engineering center a lot this semester ?
you should get card-key privileges added to your buffone card for after-hour and weekend access .
guess what we have a bowling alley and billiards hall in the umc and they serve beer ! .
early-bird special 10am-2pm 1/game/per person bowling or pool 1 bowling shoe rental for everyone
they also have weekly events including karaoke video game tournaments and poker .
click here for the full list of daily hours .
awesome longboard skateboard racks have been installed inside several buildings on campus including the engineering center !
so please stop hauling your board into the lecture haul every freaking day .
nobody likes uses entire aisle for his skateboard '' guy .
hoverboards are now banned in dorms campus-owned housing dining hauls etc .
they are still allowed on the sidewalks around campus if you really insisting on being that guy .
in other news i still can not comprehend why anyone would want to haul one of those goddamn boards in and out of lecture halls or up and down the stairs all day .
i just remembered i had fitocracy and was considering using it again or is there another reddit on here for it ?
aslo looking for m9 fade fn m9 doppler fn m9 slaughter mw karambit night mw bayonet fade/slaughter fn etc .
i traded up to 50k and am looking for a nice knife to purchase for myself to play with .
it took me a year to get here from nothing so i 'm looking for whatever i can get .
i know i can always depend on your expertise .
bear with me i 'm applying too much science here .
so far judging by the fact that soul society seems to have pretty similar materials to the real world reishi are just spiritual equivalents of our atoms .
so ... are there different reishi atoms '' for each element '' in soul society ?
if that 's the case are spiritual beings still all carbon-based ?
what kind of conversions happen when traveling between ss and the real world ?
for that matter what kinds of changes come when traveling to hueco mundo ?
if the particle makeup of things changes between worlds how does that work ?
do human bodies that enter soul society as with chad orihime and uryuu in the ss arc get converted or are they just normal atoms in a world made of different matter ?
hypothetically if you had to explain the particle physics of bleach what would you say ?
of course i ca n't wait to walk around my room and stand on top of everest .
however once that novelty wears off and i 'm back in front of the pc playing normal games that are vr compatible will the experience still be just as good as say oculus who is focusing on it ?
i canceled my oculus pre-order and decided on vive .
i have a lot of friends over who i like to show vr and kids wife who will really enjoy those experiences only vive can master i 'm just hoping the 99 of gaming i do in my office chair will still be as epic as planned for as the standing experiences .
apparently it has different names in different language versions of the game in english it 's called black phone '' while others call it secret phone '' .
are there any i18-like translation files for the game ?
it seems very unlikely that these translations are hardcoded in the executable file .
they could be a great resource for more hints .
the fact that r made the effort to translate a secret/hidden feature of the game could mean that they also translated other messages related to the mystery .
if we find the black phone '' in a translation file we could look for other things like jetpack '' and ufo '' or elevator '' and then check how and when these strings are loaded by the script files .
edit i have found where the black cellphone '' string comes from .
used but in great shape hardly any wear on the leather at all .
so every once and a while a tv series of mine will get renamed to '' and lose all of it 's meta data .
i 've just been going back in and fixing each incorrect match but it keeps happening .
looking at the files there 's nothing strange about the way that they 're organized and the tv show that gets renamed to '' seems random .
here 's a photo of what this looks like in my recently added
part 1 serious jonathan takes things very seriously most likely due to his chivalrous nature and his strong sense of responsibility to stop dio .
part 2 goofy joseph loves taunting his opponents and is highly creative in handling various situations .
part 3 serious jotaro always keeps a stoic face and rarely smile and laugh .
part 4 goofy josuke may be kind and gentle but he also has a mischievous side .
part 5 serious giorno has a dream which he takes very seriously even if it costs him his life .
part 6 goofy ... ish she 's serious most of the time but she 's definitely goofier than other serious jojos her first impression of getting caught masturbating in her cell is quite a comedic one .
part 7 serious johnny is like the straight man tsukkomi when paired with gyro the funny man boke
part 8 goofy gappy is just ... . weird .
i 'm not a serious gamer not at all but i find something magical in the arcade genre setting personal goals that definately would cause you stress to the point of insomnia intrusive obsessions attornmenting your soul until the very moment you achieve your purposes ... that charming sensation of peace when you are seeing those numbers but is something more than points i find them symbolic almost an spiritual transformation the reward of perseverance .
you know a game is addictive and difficult when you have spent more than 45 minutes just to get one more second and beat your record ... oh the good old days of gaming ...
i will now proceed to strip and get rid of every material possession abandon my home and join the tibetans to meditate and play super hexagon isolated ... and find the meaning of life .
i 've been really into breeding and impregnation lately and would love to rp about it .
it 's a kink that allows for a lot of different types of scenes .
we 've been a couple for a long time now .
while in bed you turn to me and confess that you really want to have a child with me .
breeding is n't just fun for me it 's my job .
this can be set in a variety of settings including real life a hucow farm a new colony in space or just a futuristic society in which the male population is dangerously low .
you maybe along with several others are my personal breeding slut .
i come home and help get you bred which you beg for every day .
you awake strapped to an unfamiliar bed and see me standing against the opposite wall .
i tell you that you 're my breeding slave and that we 're getting started right away .
i 'm open to most things so chances are i 'll be down for it !
so message me with what mini-prompt you want to do and we can hash out the details .
as i said above i 'm open to most kinks so do n't be afraid to work in your kinks !
i 'm always willing to rp this so do n't be afraid to send me an envelope no matter how old this is !
congratulations to all you who have become of age !
when i think of the fact that just the other day i graduated from sakura gakuin i am amazed at the speed at which time flows by .
i wonder just how much i can grow toward being an adult by the time i become 20 .
i hope all of you new adults will have a year where you feel that you have actually become an 'adult ' .
i 'll try to be brief about our background as it 's pretty similar to most of what 's posted here we met online 1 year and some months ago and we physically '' met during a holiday trip of mine during the summer but it was tremendously brief as it was only 1 day .
after this we 've been planning my second '' visit for quite some time and i 've been saving plenty of money in order to not worry about needing anymore from anyone yet my biggest problem is that my family is not taking this very seriously .
at first they thought i was being ridiculous for wanting to travel across the planet alone to see some guy '' despite knowing extensively about him and even when they started trying to sympathize a little bit they were still strongly against it .
i 've tried speaking to them but they wo n't listen and they do n't really seem interested in me leaving at all .
they are more bent on the fact that he 's a man he should come to you first '' ...
i really need advice into trying to convince them that a i have the to go b i 'm not going to die and c they ca n't be controlling me to this extent anymore .
maybe i 'm being silly and should just buy the ticket and get it over with but i really fear that in my family that wo n't fly so easily .
i 'd like to get their support before doing anything big .
i 'm feeling stuck and i though posting this would help .
i am wanting to start keto but ive just had half an apple and i 'm realluy craving sugary sweet things .
im a binge eater and they make up a staple of my binge-ing and diet .
i 'm finding it a difficult task to break .
also i have started drinking about 4 cups of tea with some milk inbetween green tea withut throughout the day is this ok ?
hi was wondering what the minimum dmg or stats i should be having for a crusader end game .
here 's pics of my kitchen and the tiles i 'm looking at are the paler ones in the shower pic but horizontal preferably in that colour and a few different similar colours that you might also think would look good .
what are some examples of the the overbearing ncaa 's strange rule interpretations and quirks as well as some interesting violations ?
three oklahoma offensive linemen were self reported by ou for eating too much pasta at an event .
the ncaa said there was no regulation regarding portion size but ou still penalized them by having each donate 3.83 to charity the value for the excess portions .
nebraska qb eric crouch made a campaign appearance for a university regent and had to donate 22.77 to charity after taking a plane ride across nebraska valued at 13.41 ? !
and eating a ham sandwich valued at 4 along the way .
taken directly from the la times article another ncaa bylaw better known as the bagel rule permits schools to offer bagels fruits and nuts to athletes at any time .
an interpretation however prohibited offering spreads such as cream cheese or peanut butter with the bagels . ''
note as of 2013 athletes can now legally be offered cream cheese .
up until last year walk on athletes were not allowed to eat in the athlete 's cafeterias found at most big time athletic programs since it was deemed and excessive and impermissible benefit .
they had to pay to eat alongside scholarship athletes but thankfully the rule changed last year .
runic blade passive ratio increased to 25 50 total ad from 20-50
first of all this title probably makes me sound horrible and i do feel quite guilty but i just wanted to gain some opinions on this .
i began university about 18 months ago where i met emma pseudonym on a group fresher 's night out .
since then i 'd say i 've been on 4 more group nights out where she has been in attendance and i see her in classes sometimes and eaten lunch with her say 5 times .
i was once lured to her house for a 'party ' that just ended up being the two of us .
my problem is is that emma is unbelievably clingy with me despite the fact we really are n't close in any way .
in one week she invited me to her house 4 times and to go and meet her near my home once .
she acts butthurt that she 'has n't seen me in forever ' and complains that i do n't talk to her enough .
in the beginning i was having lunch with her and stuff because i felt mean saying no and really did n't have an excuse .
but fact of the matter is she 's kind of a huge bummer .
she complains constantly that her life is n't together and how it 's so unfair that she 's older than me but i 've got my life more together etc .
it 's so unfair that i 'm slim and she 's fat .
it 's so unfair that i 've got good skin and she has n't etc .
she muscles in on my wedding planning repeatedly hinting she 's annoyed i do n't want her as my bridesmaid !
and talking about how 'she ca n't wait for it ' .
sidenote i 'm not even actively planning as i 'm still in uni so it 's not like i even talk about it myself .
she does n't have a sense of humour and any time she has been on a night out she gets paraletic and has sobbed on more than one occasion that nobody is trying to get off with her .
i basically have just been ignoring her invites but she still wo n't take a hint .
i feel like i should n't be friends with someone just because they want me as a friend and if i get nothing out of the relationship .
is there any way that i can handle this that is n't going to be horrible ?
i feel like she should have just taken the hint by now .
tl dr sort-of friend is very clingy and not fun to be around .
she is not taking the hint that i do n't want to be friends despite the fact i 've been distant and ignoring her invites .
here is online range of laptop bags for men http www.cheaplaptopbags.co.uk/laptop-bags-for-men.html people can choose for purpose of safety of device .
by using this type of accessory laptop users not only carry device with full comfort anywhere but even get idea to add great charm to their personality by carrying these stylish bags .
for example some apps might open up a page in the app store or safari when i do n't want them to .
i looked at the source code for noadstoreopen and storealert and tried void applicationopenurl id in springboard with id set to null but that did n't work .
i remember everyone talking about 3d head at ces last year where are they now ?
do n't starve do n't starve together reign of giants 4
darksiders franchise pack includes free upgrade to darksiders ii deathinitive edition 5
anything with a .5 is in tf2 keys round down in terms of csgo keys eg 2.5tf2/2csgo keys
the singles are on the last 3rd page of my gifts inventory .
ignore the region locked games i do a lot of local trading as well so i 'll be buying region locked games for my local customers .
i have more copies available if these run out .
i 'm renting a house and this is my first winter here .
i got some heating oil at a huge discount over the summer however it smells like bug spray when it burns .
i 've had oil-based heating before and there 's always that heating oil smell so i know what that smells like .
this smell is definitely not that this smells like off '' bug spray mixed with that smell .
is it the oil that smells or something in the furnace ?
like everyone else here i 'm shocked and saddened to have learned of david 's death earlier today .
we can at least be assured that he left a tremendous legacy and a vast back catalogue but it all feels so sad .
his best work still feels futuristic and he 's the very rare artist who you just ca n't epitomise or define in a single song he 's too varied for that .
i also wanted to share a tribute written by robert forster of the go-betweens that nicely captures what it was like to be there when he broke through and when his work felt so new and strange in the early 1970s landscape http www.smh.com.au/entertainment/david-bowie-the-starman-wed-been-waiting-for-20150623-ght986.html
it was written when the david bowie is.. exhibition arrived in australia last year and i feel even more privileged to have seen it although its timing takes on new meaning knowing how long he 'd been ill .
all throughout the series there are passages from books that were written in the forth age about the dragon reborn .
i just started to listen to teotw again after finishing the series .
there were 2 quotes from books written in the fourth age about the prophecies of the dragon reborn just before the first chapter .
pretty sure this is rand that 's writing these books .
i 'm a long time pc gamer and the last console i owned was a nes around 18-20 years ago .
and on this new year i was presented with a brand new ps4 .
and as destiny was on sale and it being the most hyped game for current gen consoles i decided to get it .
so far i 'm having a blast in terms of gameplay all is fresh and interesting and aiming with a controller is a fun challenge .
after two days i 'm beginning to hit mobs rather consistently but aiming is still a great challenge .
yesterday i did a first 3 ppl dungeon '' that comes at lvl8 .
and i felt that i was useless and the two other guys did all the work .
and now i 'm a bit worried about the learning curve and the fact that i 'm gon na be stuck in the following cycle get invited to a dungeon '' fail miserably get kicked .
1.what is the most forgiving weapon setup out there ?
should i git gud '' before hopping into raiding in destiny ?
should i just forget about pvp in order not to get overly frustrated ?
the last thing harald expected was a raven from last hearth instructing him to move his troops following an order from winterfell .
'do as he commands ' he told baelor 'we will see each other again hopefully . '
i 'll keep a thousand men here take the rest and go to ironrath . '
'we all do ' harald replied with a sad voice 'now go or stark will be cross . '
'you are the best bastard i ever knew ' he added 'and the best man as well .
my daughter does not deserve your fate though she deserves your manners .
'i pray i will m'lord ' baelor replied as he saddled his horse .
'with all due respect m'lord i 'm not the one who should be worrying about this sort of thing right now . '
'*if my house dies with me i will not have my keep and household fall to any southern lordling yet there is not much i could do about that . '
'and you 're right by saying so m'lord . '
'however there is something i can still do with another part of the umber heritage .
harald unsheathed watchman and made it shine in the morning light one last time .
'm'lord ... and for your trial by combat ? '
'i will not let the sword of my fore bears be melted on an iron chair .
not while i live and not while i 'm dead .
take it to last hearth and keep it safe .
if my other wish is not granted i want you to keep it as yours .
'valyrian steel swords are too dangerous for girls . '
he sheathed the sword once more and handed him the whole .
'now go to ironrath before we all start crying damn you . '
the bastard embraced him once more this time in a more gentle manner .
'i will pray for you m'lord ' he said as he mounted his horse .
the old gods have no power in the south . '
m baelor snow heads to ironrath with 1500 umber men .
1000 remain in winterfell with their still lord harald umber .
every time i get stunned i get a really big lag while stunned .
i think its an addon does someone else had the same problem ?
i 'm at work right now so i cant type all addons i have .
i 'm a full stack web developer with quite a bit of experience with python and javascript have been dabbling with haskell a bit as of late have some experience with lisp-like languages mostly through writing elisp for emacs etc .
lately i really have been thinking about trying android development so naturally i have to do java programming .
i do have some experience with java back from the college days but nothing too fancy i have a lot to learn especially regarding the libraries and the android sdk itself etc .
however it seems to me that i have an interest in more powerful and academic languages and java is always ridiculed in the programming language elite as such a limited and limiting language .
i 'm not sure i could cope with all the boilerplate lack of first class functions etc .
would i get frustrated having been spoiled by these more powerful languages ?
any of you doing android development but dislike java itself ?
i ca n't speak for the kalos starters as i have not unlocked them yet however .
i find it interesting that at fully evolved level there is such a bp difference between the three kanto starters and the three hoenn starters .
you would have thought that they would be equalised but nah does n't seem so
sometimes at approaching they answer this not to play with me but because they are honest and mean it .
it always comes out as a very awkward situation .
they respect my bold move to talk to them but after this there 's this very uncomfortable silence between each other .
how to farewell the person without loosing strength and keeping the mood up ?
i am not the you look like you need a second one '' guy .
i respect that they are not available and do n't want to push them to do something out of their moral frames .
i just read through the blog post and comments about this http www.cyclingabout.com/how-much-does-bike-and-gear-weight-slow-you-down
all in all it says that weight reduction does not save as much time as expected and the effect is only noticeable when elevation gain comes into play .
since i do have some personal experience when it comes to differences between different setups and weights i wanted to add my few cents .
the main difference in speed does not come from the weight savings but from the bicycle and aerodynamics/wind resistance !
a touring/trekking bike that weights 15kg and a road bike that weights 7.5kg are a massive difference not because of the weight alone but because of the rider position .
once you ride faster than 15kmh most of the energy is needed to overcome wind resistance not the weight of the bike .
weight is only important when it comes to accelerating or decelerating your bike .
you stop you start you cycle uphill you cycle downhill .
your frame geometry and sitting position are the points where you can save the most time '' gain the most speed .
also the weight of moving parts like pedals shoes and especially tires tubes and rims .
weight of the bike is also important each time you handle the bike .
less bags and less weight means it is easier to carry stairs in/out buildings sand mud
your profile is slimmer with frame bags get through smaller areas especially in traffic jams
you can take all the bags into the shop with you no one can snatch items from your bike while you go into a supermarket
i remember very fondly the times i could ride with local road bike groups in southern europe going 40kmh on my touring road bike .
same for the times when i put the bike on my shoulder and could walk/run up/down stairs without using my hands to carry it at all .
i personally think that speed is important because it has only positive side effects .
if you only have limited time you can ride longer tours and see more .
if you are on an open-ended tour you spend less time sitting in the saddle and more time interacting with the countries you pass through .
you can carry far less water/food because you come by shops/restaurants/etc more often .
you need far less effort for any mountain area .
because your bike is a lot more responsive and stops a lot quicker .
tl dr please consider more than just the weight .
of course the golden rule ride your own ride '' still applies just wanted to give my 2 cents and while i have done no actual tests when it comes to speed i did do a bit over 25 more distance on my tour with the road bike in comparison to the tours before .
ps i 'll post a tour update the next couple of days i 'm done with my visit on the arabic peninsular .
play it at 2000x speed and you wo n't have to listen to it for long .
yeah my godson is allergic to cinnamon apples bananas and mustard seed .
it sounds weird and before his parents got him tested i would have called bs on anyone who told me they were allergic to that stuff .
bullshit how come all the cameras are conveniently placed for the coolest bits ?
and at 2:10 you can clearly see other people have landed on that roof before !
this is my 3rd or 4th challenge however many there has been kind of blending together ...
i was a new years resolutioner in 2015 and began as morbidly obese on jan 1 2015 at 5'5 '' and 250.0 lbs .
i am now 0.6 lbs from being a healthy weight .
i love food hate veggies do n't exercise and probably should .
i 've been in an unintended maintenance since about october when i took a vacation and gained 7 lbs .
i went back down to 155 when i got home and i 've been pretty much been between 153-157 all holiday season long my birthday .
i am just finally dropping lower over the last 2 weeks to 150.6 which is my lowest yet .
it 's crazy symbolic to me because 150.0 represents 100 pounds lost officially being health weighted and reaching a number i never thought i 'd see in my life ever .
i was a size 20 and i 'm just about in a 6 all in a year .
to other users posting on this thread and not to the submitter of this particular thread offering on price check and question threads is not allowed .
failure to abide by this rule may result in a temporary or permanent ban .
sharking is not tolerated here and any attempt made will result in a permanent ban .
please refer to our subreddit 's rules as well if you have any doubts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensivetrade if you have any questions or concerns .
do you call paintings science because there are molecules in the paint absorbing radio magnetic waves of certain frequencies and reflecting others ?
it 's because autistic rivet counters gradually took over that section of the game industry and pushed everyone else out .
an immersive experience for them these days is an impenetrable 1600 page manual and every flight system involved modeled accurately flying through 16km of terrain that 's ugly and uninteresting but god help you if the cockpit paint is even one shade off .
then they cry out and bitch when 'twitchy games for unsophisticated teenagers ' come out and nail the sections that their sims lack which is usually stuff like 'life ' and 'character ' and 'art direction '
i 've been thinking this week about hosting a little gtg of the reddit celebs i know and those i kinda know.. and inviting our stat folks as a thank you to them
am thinking of inviting snoop dog he 's a mod in r/trees lol
i have my maybe board that is all stuff i am in the process of trading for now .
consecrated sphinx dragonlord atarka scroll rack stomping ground sylvan library .
i also am in the process of 'fixing ' my land .
the lands are easy just get rid of basics mountains then islands the forests .
i learned about 10 cards back that at this point i am just replacing really good stuff with better stuff .
when i get the stuff i 'll let ya know what i replaced with it .
i 'm so out of touch with tv do n't even recognize half the shows .
offensive line looks a lot better when we have any threat to run .
lavao coming back hopefully boosts that but we need to at least earn some respect in the run game to keep defenses from doing what green bay did completely jgnore the run and pin their ears back .
is she drunk ? oh wait she could n't speak that fast if she was
your post/comment has been removed for the following reason s
rule 6 no fireteam friend request or clan threads .
please use r/fireteams or the team up tuesday megathread instead .
most people do n't even know how to chain it and when you 're against the people who do mixing in your other wakeup options can make them capitalizing on their knockdown quite difficult .
i loved that show i wish they kept it going along with dollhouse and sara conner chronicles
hi your post has been removed the tag used is not a valid askreddit tag .
the only tags allowed in askreddit are serious and nsfw .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i would say no and your cons against him seem to be that he stares at boobs has a picture of onodera is dumb average imo and dense super dense ?
on the pro side he 's caring kind can cook nice relatively athletic .
as a person i think he 's fine nothing really special but definitely not a bad dude .
in terms of is he a good character for the series .
the series is completely different if he is n't dense so it 's kind of a necessity .
if you just do n't like the flow of nisekoi you 'll probably think he 's terrible .
other than that he 's brave when you need him to be timid when you need him to be etc ...
in terms of why these girls are falling for him .
it 's pretty special circumstances for most of them .
chitoge they have a very common history and this is one of the first few boys she 's been around friend wise so not too far of a stretch .
onodera also has a crush on him but i do n't think onodera is rock star hot either to support my case on this all of the girls believe chitoge is super model hot and most of the characters also think marika is hot i do n't recall anyone saying that about onodera besides raku .
i do n't think most people hate him on a personal level but rather hate that he 's so indecisive and clueless .
but if he was n't the series would 've ended long ago p
it 's not bad advice you just do n't know how to argue constuctively .
i do n't know if a a child can draw it from memory '' but they can certainly pick it out from a group of fifty .
i do n't think i could remember all the positions of the stars but so what .
not only does the ohio flag cross the line but it crosses the line gets into its pickup truck and does buckeye shaped donuts in the paddock on the other side .
in summation please do n't make us the next victims of aimless wildly misdirected student anger .
if i were to stop the snri how long would i need to be off it ?
i have a question about amd side of hardware requirements .
as you may know most amd processors do n't have good performance per a single thread .
i was going to purchase a kit but found out that my rig is not supported by the rift .
will you be working on fixing this in the future ?
will most games support vr even though it is not quite implemented into the engine ?
i noticed that from source games were being demo 'd with the rift .
what do you think of the full vr machines like the omni and the cyberith machines ?
do you think your company will work on something similar ?
back to the bottom of the nfc east you go redskins whew whew
that motherboard ca n't overclock but your cpu can so either change to a cheaper non oc cpu or get a mobo that can oc
i am said pastor who wrote it and you know what ?
his ai sucks but it should n't matter if you have a bunch of extra hit units anyways .
i like how the previous ops of the same kind of posts just left it at ugh just me ?
i mean do n't get me wrong my social circle is well off we drive luxury cars we are rich rich rich ... but so tacky !
last time i checked including a link to a registry or honeyfund is n't demanding money .
lol at all the people that responded that were like ugh so tacky .
but you 're still spending money on them and attending their wedding even though they pissed you off and dared to give you some guidance on what to gift them .
played midrange pally the last two seasons and i 'm getting wrecked this season .
about 40 of my matches are secret pally 25 freeze mage 15 midrange druid and then a smattering of tempo mage renolock and warrior variations .
every class is built to counter secret paladin which has the downside of wrecking mid-range paladin as well .
if i 'm going to not rank up at least i can prevent secret paladins from ranking up .
php is a server side language and will not run through your browser .
if he would 've just labeled it as a cinematic or something i would have almost no problem with it or even maybe liked it a bit .
it just feels so wrong watching it as a montage '' .
i 'm not saying there are n't idiots on our sub too but people are getting downvoted for saying simple things like gg good luck next year '' .
obviously anyone saying something like you just quoted is mentally deficient themselves
and it also means they outrange mangonels making it significantly easier to avoid them .
i do n't think lightroom has any way of resolving potential conflicts in that situation .
when merging catalogs with duplicate images i think you only get to choose whether to respect either the existing metadata or incoming metadata but not both .
unfortunately your account does not have enough karma to submit things to r/videos at this time .
r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link and 10 comment karma .
we suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm not in a relationship at the moment so i probably would n't tell them at all .
you get 100 of free credit a year if you 're a student .
since uiuc is n't a member you get 35 i believe .
honestly not sold on tannehill 's talent when i already have stafford .
in fact he deserves a lot of credit for this comic .
office nasus is sort of an inside joke between us and when i asked him what i should draw for the rp it was his suggestion .
i know there metal but i was saying pyrrha ca n't tell that by looking at her just like she could n't tell mercury had metal legs just by getting close to him .
sounds like her being your ex is a good thing .
i was so surprised how far she had gotten .
also you may have a local facebook site that you could post info .
i do n't know where this dab '' arm motion thing came from but this is not a dab ...
i 'm starting to miss maura teirney 's awkwardness .
after a while i bought a running bottle for 10k runs because i like to stay hydrated .
though thanks to some stuff i read on r/running i now feel like a total twat because apparently if you only run 10k you should n't need to have water on you to stay hydrated and i 'm a total idiot because of it .
that was the greatest string of swears i have ever heard .
when max approaches the owl in the prescott barn she calls in doctor hoo '' which is obviously a reference to back to the future
your submission was removed because it looks like you 're posting music without a correct title .
does it have spaces around the dash and does it have the genre ?
forgetting these points are almost definitely why it was removed .
you will need to delete this post before submitting again click on delete above .
if you are not posting music please resubmit with the appropriate tag in the title
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
do n't fake it baby lay the real thing on me .
the church of man love is such a holy place to be .
make me baby make me know you really care .
the contractor who built it had to find these requests a bit odd ...
it 's a way better game than the internet will ever let anyone believe .
i was about to call you out on that but you 're not wrong .
hahaha 16 is like the peak of peaks for your pimply oily pubescent face .
good to see someone understands that murdering someone 's face off is enough to draw their attention instead of the constant bicker about there is no way to draw aggro ! ''
naruto and sasuke would destroy their kids at the same age .
now i know what 's a actively broken and b going to happen i can pace my playthrough a lot better .
my first playthrough was a mass of frustration as a bugged out questlines railroaded me into one ending that i was n't even that interested in and b i kept discovering content that would have been awesome i had found it before i became an invincible god of hyperdeath .
one time this nice christian lady comes in and asks for a brand of bread her daughter recommend called dave 's . ''
i could tell she was really put off by the killer and immediately left slightly horrified .
to be fair project managers don't need to know all of the technical aspects .
it does n't hurt that 's for sure but any good project manager wo n't just blindly do stuff without consulting the it people with the skills to do the things that need to get done .
at a place i worked in the past the project manager would get his stuff from senior management and then he 'd come to us for the okay guys here 's what we need to accomplish .
tell me what 's needed how long it 's going to reasonably take and who can do what . ''
project manager are supposed to coordinate and communicate not dictate .
especially in the winter when you want to warm up your room p
as others have said using loose formation makes the differences .
in tight formation vs so you will likely lose most of your infantry before engaging with loose formation probably only lose 5-10 or so per shot assuming they hit .
i can remember one game as goths vs celts where i was doing ok while using lose formation when i forgot to use lose formation for a group of infantry i lost 60 in a couple of shots .
do n't mind me just here to plug r/leaves as a good resource for those seeking to distance themselves from the herb .
yeah whenever a personal blame happens whether it 's directed to me or anyone else it 's my cue to mute all .
i know but right now i 'm not really interested in rttp anyways .
i 'm still in q so it 's not like i got use for the mycareer cards .
right now i 'm focusing on getting through all the domination challenges hopefully making some money when i pull a coveted card in a vip box .
after all that i 'll maybe give rttp a look-in
actually i have the opposite happen ... like i forget that not everybody grew up watching salty the songbook odyssey or veggie tales .
but he 's an atheist he must be more reasonable/smart than christians right ?
which is basically an intern with a less undignified but slightly creepier name .
so that 's why the sonics moved to oklahoma .
squatch was my hero i refuse to believe he raped those women .
thats just a media smear campaign against squatch people .
the way they reacted to his polanski joke ... .
they would defend a man who sodomized a teenage girl and then defend gender equality for salaries .
i use scp driver to make my ps3 controller work as a 360 .
the driver also supports ps4 controllers u could give that a try http emulation-general.wikia.com/wiki/scp_driver_package .
i guess it sucks for trump then that the next debate topic is business .
so the primary use for that is gon na be modeling behaviour ?
i do n't get how it ties into the vr bit and the capacity to cause large scale hallucinations is an important facet of the power
i 've known since i was little and fortunately for me i had really good bbs and chat room pals helping me figure out what was going on in my life .
even so i still find myself questioning my decisions and creating problems for questions i already have answered .
you may have an epiphany tomorrow or you may never have that light bulb click on that lights up the whole of your identity .
i 'm starting my journey late in life because i had similar feelings to what you describe for most of my life .
one way or another for some reason or other i would reset any progress i had made towards becoming a binary female and think well that 's it .
i 'm glad all that gender mess blew over ! '' .
for you for now i would recommend meditating on the daily tasks you do now but completely transitioned .
do n't be afraid of betrayal it is most likely happen to you at least once .
but find that friend who lets you be you no matter which mask you try on .
also do try to quash the discomfort of exploring yourself at home .
i 'd lived for years with roommates who were totally cool with my coming out to them but i ruined those years of my life by tricking myself into believing that i was forcing something on them and never fully assimilating in any gender .
that leads to an even more intense and emotionally draining cycle than you are feeling now .
on the other hand ... if you 're talking about exploring yourself do n't worry about that at all .
everybody knows it so hard that detergent companies are making teevee ads with mom finding protein socks all around the house .
otherwise you 're denying your parents a very important rite of passage .
so good luck keep going forward knowing that at some point in their journey most of the people here have felt the way you do right now .
we just all break free of our own shells in our own time .
sometimes all you can do is laugh at the situation .
estimate how much time you think your game is going to take and then double it .
your submission was removed because it looks like you 're posting music without a correct title .
does it have spaces around the dash and does it have the genre ?
forgetting these points are almost definitely why it was removed .
you will need to delete this post before submitting again click on delete above .
if you are not posting music please resubmit with the appropriate tag in the title
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
res just updated the new selected entry '' is overwriting the subreddit 's css .
working on a fix but it 's 3am for me so i might not get it until tomorrow .
for now you can fix this by disabling the selected entry module under res settings browsing selected entry '' .
what are some traditions the fan base and team have ?
even if you won gb would play a team they were dominated by !
a lot of times it 's not the hiring manager but from the hr department .
he gives you hell but in the end he knows he 's fucked .
you do n't know how much you meant to me you kept it real a real solid human being a true shining beacon in the dark .
more than that for me is the fact that you have to both unlock the knife and it does n't just take a empty slot like it has in previous call of dutys i think this is technically the plural because they are titles ?
we blew up our old traffic bridge in saskatoon this morning here is a gif !
yes which you could probably find by using the search bar in the top right ish part of the screen .
how can you tell where your skin react with an ingredient in the product and just the product in general or overexfoliate ?
as the future best jhin na i can confirm this as well
go with zowie man ... ..might be a little above your budget but you will never accept another mosue again .
people buy shares in a company hoping them will earn profits will the investors get a cut of any money this guy makes ?
he was helping brown off the field until a bengals player laid hands on a trainer at which point he turned around and said something hands in pockets til shitbox 95 came up behind him and assaulted him .
edit to anyone pissing themselves about assistant coaches on the field '' http imgur.com/qbwok9k
lube is not there for after you 're dry or sore .
lube is there to prevent you from being dry or sore .
i have the same issue and had girlfriends feel slightly insulted when i wanted to use lube even though they were wet .
the next time we had sex they asked to use the lube again it really makes a difference on post-sex wear and tear .
a good silicone lube will last longer than a water-based one .
just do n't use silicone lube with silicone toys .
your butt has two sphincters muscles that clench it shut and one of the two is n't under your conscious control .
work your way up to cock over the course of weeks starting with a finger and adding more as you 're comfortable .
expect the actual anal to take way longer than you 'd expect foreplay keeps it interesting .
err on the side of too much lube and consider buying lube applicators so you 're getting it inside where it 's needed too .
if it ever gets painful stop and try again another day .
if drinking or weed helps you relax that may help too .
i do n't see how his fixtures are incredible .
sunderland is decent but watford and everton are n't necessary easy teams to keep clean sheets against .
its an absolutely fantastic game amazing character creation class system has an actual interesting story and dialog .
but the combat was completely and utterly boring to me having almost all of your skills have global cooldowns and that character 's never seem to really properly autoattack so you mostly rely on the skills just ruined the game for me .
that 's why he said they should n't over do it with the drinking .
keep a light buzz from a drink or two not get schwasted pounding shots and double fisting beers and strong mixed drinks .
that way you get the benefit of a person who 's in the closet lowering their guard in the case of a closeted person their straight act routine a little more but everyone is still in an ok enough frame of mind to not be getting taken advantage of or doing anything they would n't normally do .
like they would if everyone in the situation was blackout drunk or severely intoxicated .
what anconia80 suggested and what the person you saw do are different situations in my opinion .
top people in design work do spec all the time time .
just was with someone building a 20 million dollar home .
guess what all the top architectural firms in the areas did ?
they all submitted mock ups for free to try to win the project .
also huge companies do this all the time when looking for pr/marketing agencies .
the interested agencies all create plans to pitch to potential clients specifically designed for them .
i 'm so sick of this do n't do spec work stuff .
imo if all of these fiverr/spec people are hurting real '' designers so much then maybe the real '' designers need to do a better job building their brand .
even that link you posted i see that video on the page circulating quite frequently .
they are comparing b2c as the same as b2b .
in the b2b world people work on spec all of the time .
and for that matter the same goes with b2c too .
i went and got frozen yogurt last night and they let me try all the flavors i wanted before paying for anything .
this subreddit absolutely does not represent the demographics of the city .
that 's exciting i 've enjoyed seeing your lists and how you build i.e .
they should be posted in bike-specific or regional subreddits referral links online coupons and crowd-funding included .
if you have any questions about this removal please feel free to message the moderators .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/motorcycles subject=question regarding the removal of this submission by u/jofizzm message=i have a question regarding the removal of this submission .
this comment acts as a discussion area for the prompt .
all non-story replies should be made as a reply to this comment rather than as a top-level comment .
is it typical to russian argumentation to go ad hominem when you miss facts and/or you try to prove that you are right ?
and i believe i was in kyiv before you was even born ...
you know the place from russia get its orthodoxy ?
so if russia and ukraine are sister countries '' why russia is annexing it ?
open the task manager and end any firefox.exe processes .
in the search box at the bottom of the start menu type
a list of profiles will appear at the top of the start menu .
click on the profile folder you wish to open it will open in a window .
if you only have a single profile its folder would have default '' in the name .
have po with hat tigress napoleon dynamite fire alarm minion and crystal ship .
i can easily get the monty python ones you want .
they 're at the comic store a few minutes from me .
yeah as long as you hang around till the 4th quarter ...
well now i do n't have the stress of trying to chase another pink .
too bad i wasted my time on getting to 40 .
my co-workers found me asleep sitting down cross-legged while i was trying to tie my shoe laces before going home .
i went home to sleep in bed with my dog instead of sleeping at the hospital the night my baby was born .
you 'll have iffy luck if it 's dry the other option is to cut the crack out with a saw and cut some other holes out and make like you meant it .
can you even notice that without them actually being in segunda etapa ?
it 's important to remember that ak is just a drawing hand
to be fair to the guy he was over a point per game for the caps .
but he was n't happy and did n't live up to the insane contract mcphee and leonsis gave him .
it aint makin me laugh but i get it .
there have actually been studies done that indicate that having a grandparent to help look after children increase the odds of them surviving to adulthood .
unfortunately i can not remember the details at the moment however there may be an evolutionary benefit to living longer even without having children .
yeah if at all possible i would definitely try to be somewhere warm .
take all the time you need literally all of it .
use mug time and go nuts with the crying .
will you find people that you like that are willing to date you ?
it was pretty clear you did n't understand how an extractor works when you said the extractor has to ride over the rim anyways .
that 's what it is designed to do why there is a spring on it . ''
this is n't a matter of differing opinions or how much other knowledge you have it 's a matter of you not understanding how this particular subject works .
like i said there 's no shame in it .
i wo n't pretend to know all the things you know .
i hope you got enough answers you can post future team advice related posts under the judgment free thread !
and to answer your question my point was to see how he felt about passing on his good genes .
if he does n't feel that way that 's good for him .
i was just wanting to see his point of view on it .
the best smoke shop i 've been to is called mr .
i mean you could get a 6s with a smart battery case if you do n't mind the look it will still cost less than a 6s and have roughly the same battery length .
and instead of picking up the other lipsyncer she pushes her off the stage .
do n't know why you 're getting downvoted regardless of whether she was cool with it or not that 's pretty clearly sexual harassment in the workplace .
looks like you need to some reading up on the definition of harassment .
it 's pretty closely tied to whether she is cool with it .
what they do n't realize is they instantly cooked the charging circuit for the razor and it is useless now .
i 've had one of these before but i never knew why you had to have it plugged in
now they just dropped and will go back up again so pick them up before they get pumped again
do n't forget the entrapping would you like to verily abide by the will of god with me ? '' .
it 's the baha'i equivalent of the caveman bat to the head .
it reminded me of dennis from its always sunny and i was curious about his legality .
glad you 've found a way to keep putting your creative energy into these
twist the eraser end 10 deg ccw until it clicks then pull straight out https www.microsoft.com/surface/en-us/support/hardware-and-drivers/troubleshoot-surface-pen-pro-4
ah ok yeah i 'm gon na look into these more tomorrow so i can make sure whatever is suggested here would actually work
i believe he reported that he had lost his original account months before he actually got banned
dps vulnerability is a stupid unbalanced mechanic and she has it from lvl 1 sniper owl to finish runners
stun ridiculous range stun stun is highly favoured in the current burst damage meta
but under the assumption that the entire plotline of lis ends after the ending meaning there 's no need to take into account of a possible sequel of stuff i guess the whole conclusion the developers wanted to make was either to save your best friend flip off destiny '' or realize that the consequences of doing so is too big and give in to it instead .
hoist her skirt and let us have a peek at her briney deep !
if they had more original characters i think it would have been better and the actor for the clones has no personality at all .
also the original series had a lot more characters to focus on with more back story
this comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user apos s privacy .
i do n't think that 's a feature log it with the issue council .
because if everything is pirated than eventually no one will want to innovate or make new because it wo n't be profitable .
if you want/need something and it requires a little fee is n't it worth paying a little ?
im comparing to a friend who has the same gpu but with an intel system getting far more frames than i am .
also i just really want to upgrade my system too .
what im looking for is 60fps avg on 1440p monitor high settings .
but those are future goals for when i upgrade my monitor .
the most i 've slept straight through is 12 hours and the most i 've stayed up is 25 hours .
i 've had days where i 've only been awake for 4 hours but i was sleeping for three hours staying awake and then going back go sleep and repeating that .
a house ties you down and there are no guarantees .
i suggest staying out of debt and save money until you guys are settled more in 5 or more years .
i turned 30 this year and bought my first house with my girlfriend now wife 6 years ago .
it 's gone well but have really changed our goals for life .
with those changes the house has become another rock holding us back a bit .
ridley scott should apologize for prometheus while he 's up there .
i would never have picked out that yarn for that glove pattern but it makes you look like you have dragon hands and i love it !
would you like to try your shit posting again champ ?
maybe your butt pirate friends on your libtard circle jerk sub can help .
yeah know the just the normal spiraling in to crippling depression no girlfriend coordination issues bad grades and a small social life how bout you
before moving here the largest city i had lived in was just over 100,000 people and it was pretty much in the middle of nowhere new mexico .
and before that the largest city was around 35,000 people .
i live in little elm and work in addison so the commute blows but i did n't feel like addison was a good fit for my family .
i 'm not overwhelmed by dallas little elm/frisco/plano has pretty much every thing i need but if i want do something cool or try a new brewery or restaurant we make the 40 minute drive into downtown dallas .
that sub went to shit faster than any other sub i 've ever been a part of .
it went from awesome stories and pictures that had me legitimately crying laughing to some really weird fanfic sub that pandered to kids and teenagers .
many places in the us are switching to the chip and pin system
it 's really the globes fault for allowing it though ca n't blame them for taking the easier route
make sure your warrior takes vigilance against ferals and rets and line it up with incarn/wings
lol tarantino trying to get into cate blanchatts good graces after dimissing her film choices .
its steelers vs bengals in the playoffs ... . did n't expect anything less especially with the incompetence of refs this year in stopping the shit early in the game
let 's not forget the fact they built a nuclear plant on a fault line .
i had the same problem for a long time and nothing fixed it not even exec autoexec in launch options except putting viewmodel_presetpos 0
my parents made me uninstall steam and google chrome because they said it was a virus .
it obviously had nothing to do with the shady shit my younger brother was downloading .
bell and beth are more than enough you wo n't need shoe until you start considering getting high score .
in fact i find it hard to believe that you have difficulties that soon probably you just lack superbs .
while i 'm not really sure which floor you 're talking about since latios appears on floor 34 and 37 i can say that your team is for pvp not necessarily pve .
ironically avoiding f37 latios is easier than f34 one since there is also a griffith on f37 so if you do n't have enough leeway to let latios shoot you just need to make sure griffith has higher action than than latios when the ball leaves your backline .
her multitude of utility makes her one of the best pvp passer but she 's not worth that much in pve especially with elaine and sharr that will usually drop opponent 's dr below 0 making her penetration power useless .
moreoever her crit rate buff is pointless since pve opponent 's wo n't resist a well built striker 's crit anyway .
her speed buff/debuff are minor help since you really attempt to counter the ball after shooting .
it may be useful for the next attack but in worst scenario it will only make you use up your action bar leaving it low for next attack .
a more damage oriented passer like renee would be more helpful in pve .
always use bell and beth on the same side .
this will allow beth to penetrate through anything that can severly damaged by beth which really shortens time and cuts down any risk of losing the ball .
if you tank with isillia or bell you should be close to making a shot every time opponent does .
what if op is already a friend '' and the people with her dads work our trying to stop her from spreading the information about friends '' .
that game bugged the hell out of me it had so much potential but it was so small and shallow it felt more like a great demo for a game that never got made
after hopping over here from black ops 3 ... .this community is fine .
every team that has long term success gets this blow back .
the cowboys back in the early 90s were the same way .
you can either get very familiar with the boss and be very calculated with your moves which requires a lot of patience in the moment or you can level up your character a bit and it should come more easily .
go look at the body of the dead preston .
also you could just go to where you know preston should be and see if he 's still there .
it depends on exactly what 's clogging the drain it can sometimes work .
if you go looking around on do-it-yourself sites you 'll find a bunch of different solutions for this problem and some are more effective than others depending on what 's gunking things up .
united states is one of very few countries that does n't start medical school after high school .
i do n't like it so anyone who does must be a stupid millennial . ''
theres almost never a need to type in this game anyway lol
i saw a large woman turned into a pez dispenser be being partially decapitated in a truck .
the chassis was too heavy for the truck body and she got smooshed like a put out cigarette head first .
i do n't think she felt pain for long .
i 'd be fine if the canvases counted as a map but not the ones built on them .
but not the only one legal in modern and this is top8 rel .
totally different animal than fnm or even competitive rel .
we are currently into our sixth hour of sports analysis .
while we ca n't say for certain why one team lost we have a small inkling that its because they scored fewer points than the other team . ''
what really confounds me is that every time we do sports analysis either someone loses or the two teams draw and we still have n't figured out why . ''
they are indeed very cool and csilla is on the map so why not ?
those 'apps ' numbers also include any data the app generates on top of the data consumed by the app itself .
go to settings general storage icloud usage manage storage .
then how come when i went to the palaces tbey gave me a minor discount i ca n't play at pc bangs past certain hour and i ca n't rent sim cards ?
as i stated before people might respect the korean age thing for like casual conversation but it 's not law binding in any way .
my mom thought it would work great when i burned the roof of my mouth on some food .
worst tasting thing i ever intentionally put in my mouth .
people make drinks out of it though never wanted to try one .
i just launched my freelance career and it 's certainly been a challenge but i love it ! !
i 'm building my personal brand website right now basically to advertise my services as a digital marketing consultant and am also building a travel blog with an attached ecommerce site .
it 's the first time i 've actually been looking forward to getting up every morning to work !
i 'm totally struggling with 3 and sometimes i get scared of not being able to find enough clients and earn enough money for a living .
do you have any tips on how to get over that fear and stay motivated ?
fpv does have similar requirements but fpv can also have quite a bit of latency before it becomes a problem compared to vr 30ms of latency is fine for drone piloting but terrible for vr .
compression artifacts are also acceptable for fpv but not for a stereoscopic display that puts a different image in each eye .
there is some very promising work in this field but nothing that will make this first generation .
i am glad there are multiple industries pushing for high res high frame rate wireless video transmission !
i used to fly fpv myself back when it was a huge pain in the ass .
pretty excited about the parrot disco fixed-wing fpv without hours of assembly configuring buxfixing and repair is going to be a treat .
this is that m. night shamalayaya or whatever his name is .
there have been persistent accounts directly from police agents stating that they are being pressured not to report crimes and criminal behavior of infiltrators .
there is a treasonous anti-democratic liberal authoritarian conspiracy in place that is corrupting and deconstructing germany and the whole notion of the nation state .
it is probably in my top 5 of books .
what i like most about the book is the analogy of the monster and how it represents our creations coming back to haunt us .
it really is about human nature and the pride of accomplishment or more so about the pride of doing something for the sake of prestige no mater what the risk .
maybe all the captains of industry out there should be required to read this book
should be as easy as reviewing this page http www.powerball.com/powerball/pb_stories.asp and comparing the days with multiple winners with the numbers won .
lirik isnt creative enough the cop thing was amazing and he dropped it within a week .
that was the thing that made me watch him again even if it was a clusterfuck at times but that happens to him every day .
so probably a week or so into the patch cycle p
first of all i was speaking only about attacks by a single animal .
there is a huge difference between fighting off one coyote and two coyotes or coywolves .
now i do n't know how physically fit this woman was but its very possibe she wasnt very fit at all .
a fit male would have no problem with one or even two coyotes .
a single wolf would definitely be an even match and that could really go either way .
against two wolves you do n't really stand a chance unless you have a weapon .
it seems like his reputation took a hit when he went on oprah and acted somewhat insane .
laughing excessively jumping on a couch the way he talked .
maybe people thought that beforehand but i do n't remember hearing about it a lot .
communicate to him what you like him to do with you what feels good to you .
of you do n't want to give directions you can just make clear whenever he does do something you really enjoy to verbalise that moaning saying it 's really nice etc etc .
i do n't think you should have to settle for mediocre sex and not getting off without you finishing yourself each time .
haha if you think mom 's is a dive you should have seen what it was like when it was del 's saloon before it got made over and got a new name .
that disk is reporting status bad and 0 disk space used .
make an auto playlist of apple music video on itunes .
i 'm always surprised by how many people only read the title .
because some people have epilepsy and do n't want to be fucked up on a daily basis .
i do n't have a rmm but i will leave you a rating !
luckily the little wannabe goebbels will never have any power
reddit 's system will allow reposts no matter what it 's up to the moderators to remove it or the users to throw a fit and start a downvote fest until op finally realises he fucked up .
i think it needs to be improved but it 's up to the admins .
cws made an even stronger statement than that he said the us can medal with the ped situation existing as it currently does i.e us athletes are clean and some other countries are .
he addresses the points you raise in the talk in the last 20 minutes or so .
long enough to not be a rookie not long enough to be a veteran .
yup it was easy-mode for a while now it 's just not as good as it used to be .
especially as many fewer other players are going to roll out the appropriate leaders to double-up on the reduction .
it used to be that everyone who had them would have those cards as leaders during strike events but now
most of the old-timers like me have long since farmed all the strike characters to sa10 .
so you are substantially less-likely to see future 17 phy or teq gero str jeice teq 17 or chilled as leads .
they actually specifically contacted him in this case because they did n't know about the divorce .
now that you got your khaki 's off whatcha wearin ?
upvote or you will have 7 years of bad luck
i clicked the link ... i love and hate you for this at the same time .
don´t kill yourself even if your life is hard there´s always time to start again i wish i was able to play a instrument or have any friends !
i 'd just like to say props to op .
this discussion was approached in the right way and was kept as civil as possible .
believe what you believe op it 's all everyone can do
1 i could do with losing some weight but my bmi is n't that high .
2 rent my own place for over 22 years now .
4 i do keep my place well organized and as clean as i can .
i have maid 's come twice a month to help as i 'm very busy .
5 i try but to be honest i know next to nothing about fashion .
6 i play music read a lot some say too much and love to cook when i have the time .
it is hard to stay positive but i do the best i can .
but do realize that these things sometimes are about luck and circumstance more than most people want to admit .
yes i 'm in control of me '' but i 'm not in control of the other person and i ca n't get very far if no one will give me a chance .
still the advice you give is pretty standard and i 'll do what i always have done which is try my best .
first candle 24/7 phone support that deal with this 800.221.7437
there is a link below with other resources that you can call right now .
a very good friend of mine went through this a few years ago .
on christmas they celebrated what would have been their child 's 4th birthday with their other 2 children .
funny how the anti-bigots '' are coming up with death threats .
some of the greatest games in nfl history have been played in these shitty conditions that truly add a special element to the game .
i would rather watch a low scoring slugfest in snow than a shoot out in some rinky dink temperature controlled stadium .
no as in ... actual patton wrote in his actual diary
the displaced person is a human being which he is not and this applies particularly to the jews who are lower than animals .
villarreal pisa rangers and fc porto made up the other picks
and you 've been downmodded for no rational reason because trump enthusiasts do not respect the voting rules of reddit .
they use reddit to bury information they ca n't stand .
there 's nothing wrong with doubting what you hear or being sceptical .
i know there have been a lot of card references this season and it seems that there was a lot of playing back in those times as well .
i swear every movie i 've seen set during this period has someone getting shot over a poker game .
except maybe the enemy team picked their talents to counter what you did .
which would be unfair if you got a mulligan .
these people come from countries notorious for their intolerance of women gays and non-muslims .
and people expect them to magically change and become westernized ?
i 've been to europe many times and each country has a little muslim enclave .
worst was in belgium where a group of arab kids probably 10-15 were calling a white woman walking down the street whore '' and screaming at her .
i am originally from russia and we had a lot of muslim chechens sell stuff in outdoor markets .
they would holler at women passing by and tried to flirt with me and my friend .
football is inherently violent and either attracts or creates people like burfict .
everyone saying burfict has no place in the league are wrong .
burfict fits right in with the league they support .
i remember watching jacked up '' as a kid and loving it .
people love pancake blocks and running the ball down the defense 's throat .
people love marshawn lynch running over tacklers truck stick '' .
well those are the only two animals that live in america .
compared to german food though ... is that really something to be proud of
presumably self-defense is a full contact scenario and if your sparring experience involves very likely '' injuries then i would advise you to alter your methods .
a hobbyist karateka may not spar regularly but a couple rounds once a month should do little harm .
just like with krav sparring is still necessary for reliable self-defense it 's a pretty fundamental rule of thumb that should be followed .
anyway we 're not even talking about conventional practice we 're talking about making changes which would again necessitate actual sparring to identify what actually works .
even though they do have excelerated aging they can still live up to 50 years or so .
why would the sight of them make them galactic pariahs ?
it 's a big galaxy and besides a lack of certain social skills they 're just soldiers .
in a big galaxy like star wars they 're just another alien species really .
i 've spend many drunken nights listen to your singles around my mates house
maybe you just sold too many of your own shares .
how is moba is for those who played rts for combat ?
in rts games you commanded hundreds of different soldiers and needed formations in mobas you are controlling one unit .
you are n't poor because your parents were rich you are poor because they were poor and those before them .
all because they come from the same caste or economical background .
because they do n't need it for stability in their lives as the poor people do .
culture is a backbone for those who have nothing else .
metal slug x is a reworked version of 2 which fixes the slowdown and changes some things around such as a day level is now night instead
ironically most of ritsu 's dark past comes from a time without mmr .
celebrations like this are one of the reasons i dislike djokovic so in nadals face about it even though he 's clearly demolishing him ... you never see nadal and federer do stuff like this when they 're ahead in the score it 's disrespectful to your opponent especialy when he can see the effort rafa is making ... djokovic can just be so arrogant at times these over the top celebrations are case a
we 've been together for around 7 years although we are not 100 monogamous poly he knew that it was way out of bounds .
screams in the planets happen after he hears it .
edit i 'm literally reading down the list of message and responding to those i have a response to .
the species is saved as long as one of them chills in my house ?
i 'm totally going with a vaquita http i.imgur.com/az7jury.jpg .
these guys http i.imgur.com/fl0n2lh.png are probably going to be extinct in the very near future .
like there was less than 100 alive in 2014 .
i 'll make it work to keep one in my house if it means saving them http i.imgur.com/itq5uun.jpg .
bathtub first but i 'll probably do my best to get a better habitat for it .
and i understand that i 'll never ever be able to give my vaquita http i.imgur.com/sp9ckbw.jpg a satisfactory life in my house ... at least the species would be safe .
you were submitted by u/signuptopostthis to r/funny and you were taken away from us way too early .
please note that this bot has nothing to do with the deletion of your post .
a man with a magnanimous spirit tries to take a young mute pakistani girl back to her homeland to reunite her with her family .
put in the coordinates and type a name out then a pin will appear on the map the next time you open it .
nature 's prophet is one of the most versatile heroes in the game .
if you have a specific build you 're probably doing it wrong !
basilius is nice but clarities are all you need for mana regen really .
always complete your boots treads or phase on prophet .
drums mek dagon midas maelstrom desolator blink shadow blade .
all these items can be bought first and be good .
look at the variety of builds that admiral bulldog uses http www.dotabuff.com/players/76482434/matches ? date hero=natures-prophet skill_bracket lobby_type game_mode region faction duration timezone=europe 2flondon
half of the fun is finding your favorite temp settings the lack of smell is my own fault goofing around as a teenager i wound up flying off the back of a car onto my head and i guess if i had to lose a sense that 's the one to go with !
i got the same color as well lol i 'd have figured thats a pretty common favorite color for stoners .
i was looking for one last week at the last minute and publix key lime pie was a hit but i see that was a little too sweet for your taste .
i heard full moon 's bbq was good from several people .
it was also suggested while asking around to check at some of the tex-mex restaurants such as superior grill cocina etc .
so as all this is going down on the coasts my state of texas just passed open carry and concealed campus carry .
it looks like you 're trying to submit a non-imgur link .
while we do allow posts from other sources youtube instructables personal blogs etc we approve them on a link-by-link basis .
you may only post content that you are the original author of .
please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdiy message=please 20review 20my 20non-imgur 20submission 20at 20https www.reddit.com/r/diy/comments/40gbs1/solutions_for_downloading_vimeo_in_mp4 with a link to your thread if you believe your post otherwise meets r/diy 's guidelines http www.reddit.com/r/diy/comments/2jy4f9/diy_guidelines .
if you 're trying to post a product/promotion please see reddit 's spam rules here http www.reddit.com/wiki/faq wiki_what_constitutes_spam.3f and if you fall into that category please go somewhere else .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/diy if you have any questions or concerns .
with the recent hidden update to dead bases i 'd say th9 farming is just as good as th8 now .
every raid i am getting 300k/300k/1k from collectors and i only have to search 5 times .
that 's because the only way to stop them is to stop giving them jobs and welfare .
messaging you on 2016-01-11 11:09:49 utc http www.wolframalpha.com/input ? i=2016-01-11 11:09:49 utc to local time to remind you of this .
click this link http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message https www.reddit.com/r/qutreddit/comments/401rf4/tips_for_incoming_students_in_semester_1_2016/cytx7w5 0a 0aremindme !
10 minutes to send a pm to also be reminded and to reduce spam .
parent commenter can delete this message to hide from others .
faqs http www.reddit.com/r/remindmebot/comments/24duzp/remindmebot_info custom http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message link inside square brackets else default to faqs 0a 0anote do n't forget to add the time options after the command. 0a 0aremindme !
your reminders http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=list of reminders message=myreminders !
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebotwrangler subject=feedback code https github.com/silver remindmebot-reddit
straight males had cassandra and josephine straight females had cullen iron bull blackwall and solas though admittedly elves got all 4 humans got 3 dwarves and qunari only 2 gay males had iron bull and dorian and lesbian females had sera and josephine .
frankly that seems pretty even to me not every character like ever person is of certain sexualities if anything lbgt characters are overepresented compared to the normal population which is fantastic do n't get me wrong .
it 's always fun playing with the guys from dvs .
i ca n't believe i had n't seen this clip before !
how can the gap between the two be growing in which way ?
because obama and bibi hate each other http foreignpolicy.com/2015/03/02/bibi-blows-up-the-special-relationship and most people do n't really get along with bibi because he is an ass http www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2014/10/the-crisis-in-us-israel-relations-is-officially-here/382031 .
america is more involved with the middle east than ever .
i 'd be interested to see if america is more involved now that it is n't fighting a major war there .
it is the dominant force in the region after being given land and told not to do exactly what they have done .
the idea that the country that had its land taken by the international community ...
far more complex than you are making the palestinian-israeli conflict out to be .
... has to then agree to a broken state solution with no defensible positions or access to proper facilities is mystifying .
not sure what you mean by no defensible positions '' nor access to proper facilities '' .
if you could please elaborate that would be appreciated .
its completely beyond logic that this is a reasonable solution .
well everyone 's come close to agreeing to it a couple times now so i would love you hear what your reasonable '' and realistic solution is .
gaddafi was fine until he nationalized the countries oil and seemingly overnight they painted him as a crazed dictator .
might have been because qaddafi screwed over bp with the nationalization and then urged opec to instigate the oil crisis in the 70s .
also did n't help that qaddafi was funding terrorism around the world .
... and used a form of direct democracy the new york times wrote about after a team had stayed for a week in libya .
because you must realize that qaddafi was a dictator and that ultimately all the power and decision-making centered on him .
for decades he was untouched and even used as an indirect ally in the region yet those choices lead to america funding terrorism in the state not rebels '' if it was here its called terrorism so they forced the government which is not as clean operating as a developed nation to start with .
this sentence is hard to decipher but i 'll try .
i 'm not sure what you mean when you say qaddafi was untouched seeing as the us attempted to assassinate him and engaged in skirmishes with libyan forces .
if you could elaborate on his use as an indirect ally that would be great .
i 'll be honest in saying that 's all i can really understand of what you 're trying to get across here .
they both retaliate to continued attacks and the clinton emails will reveal some more information about the role of the americans .
please direct me to the specific emails that show the role of americans in whatever you are talking about .
i do n't really understand why you are defending qaddafi considering you 've offered no rebuttal to my point on his complicity in attempted genocide .
do you disagree with that point or do you just think that we should n't take action to stop genocides from occurring ?
lastly if you have any evidence to back up your claim about drones not necessarily increasing under a president other than obama i would still like to see it .
personal injury civil suits are very complicated and fact specific .
you 'd need to speak with a lawyer to find out .
he should have said how bout you and a brick of blow baby !
it 's not like battlefield was ever a niche title either .
the local pizza hut franchise has and has had for at least a year a 11 any pizza any size '' coupon .
however a good pizza from a real pizza joint like say the mom-and-pop store across the street from my apartments runs 30 or so for something cooked in a real pizza oven with dough that 's actually been tossed and has legit toppings etc .
do n't be silly comcasts peering points are so saturated you 'd be lucky to get 50mbit/s through .
there 's an arg being hinted at on the fu2016.com page i think .
if you press meet claire underwood '' you get a fake 404 page with
i disagree with people saying bench will help you do pushups .
it will help somewhat but nothing will help more than practicing pressups themselves and doing variation/weighted versions of the movement .
before lifting i could do maybe 40-50 pressups my bench max was around 45kg .
now i 'm benching 105kg for about 5 reps but my max pressups remain around 50 maybe slightly more if i really push it however i never really train/practice them .
moral of the story if you want to improve pressups do pressups regularly .
i enjoyed the guy who is 'unconscious ' at 4:30 and then leaps to his feet when the sirens start .
unfortunately since your account has less than 10 combined karma u/me and new account spam makes up a significant portion of all spam your post was automatically removed .
however you may still contribute by commenting on existing posts in r/technology !
additionally you may make meaningful contributions to other subreddits subreddits to increase your karma count .
if you believe this is a legitimate submission please message the moderators message/compose ? to=/r/technology subject=request for post review account karma to have them manually review your post or wait a few days and try again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/technology if you have any questions or concerns .
so you think it 's pleasure and not instinct that drives an animal to have sex ?
unfortunately since your account is under 5 days old and new account spam makes up a significant portion of all spam your post was automatically removed .
however if your account is at least one day old you may still contribute by commenting on existing posts in r/technology !
if you believe this is a legitimate submission please message the moderators message/compose ? to=/r/technology subject=request for post review account age to have them manually review your post or wait a few days and try again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/technology if you have any questions or concerns .
this has been rattling around in my brain a lot lately and i 've been debating on whether or not i should put it up here .
ultimately i think i just need to get it out .
so i was about 8 or 9 when this happened which is only a couple of years after my grandaddy died of cancer .
father 's day was coming up and i saw at ronnie 's local grocery store a little statue i wanted to get ndad .
it was a small trophy-like statue of a little plaster cartoon man wearing a crown and the base said world 's greatest dad '' .
this is before they started giving me an allowance so i begged emom for the money but she did n't want to waste the money .
i forget who ultimately gave me the money but since it was all of about 3 since it was on clearance it was probably my goodaunt or my wonderful neighbor that moved away shortly after .
anyways the next time we went grocery shopping i was so proud that i could actually buy it myself .
i even wrapped it in tissue paper i was n't allowed to play with the wrapping paper and tied it up with curling ribbon and everything and gave it to my ndad that night at dinner .
when he unwrapped it i was beaming expecting him to be so proud to have the world 's greatest dad '' trophy and that i bought it all by myself .
instead he sneers at it says well i better be your world 's greatest dad .
i 'm your only dad '' gets up and walks over to the couch and tosses it into the trashcan there as he plops down on the couch and turns on the tv .
well rbn as you have probably suspected i was heartbroken by this .
i remember running out of the kitchen/living room crying and the next day my emom pulling it out of the trash and putting the statue up on the bar of the kitchen counter .
it sat there for a number of years before my emom handed it back to me when i was in highschool and asked what i wanted to do with it .
i guess only the people that have read it will know what i 'm talking about .
note this is pure tinfoil based mostly on the fact that cersei likes to burn things .
what if now that cersei is free from the sparrows she decides to enact revenge with wildfire .
she has already burned down the tower of the hand so why not burn down the whole friggin sept .
possible outcomes of many jaime or tommen tries to stop her somehow leading to her death and fulfilling the valonqar prophesy .
the fire is bigger than expected and causes the wildfire caches around the city to catch fire and burn everything to the ground .
watch all 4 allies die to their lane opponents before you 've finished your first buff
was needing help figuring out if this is possible .
i am a college student who has a resolution to start reading again !
i 've already knocked out a couple books over break but i 'm worried that i will not read as much or at all when school starts back up .
so my question is how do you make time to read during a tiring and hectic schedule ?
it 's so easy to turn to netflix after a long day but i find reading so much more fulfilling !
i am an alternative rock indy and hard rock fan and any other kind of rock fan .
it has to be anything 2014 to now for this week 's playlist my personal choice of course .
i work in a place where the wifi sucks so i download songs to my phone .
the end is near by primal fear cut the chord by shinedown lampshades of fire by modest mouse
state of my head by shinedown gravity by papa roach face everything and ride by papa roach amen by halestorm apoctilypic by hale storm jenny by nothing more ballest by nothing more you wan na battle here 's a war bfmv no way out by bfmv throne by bring the horizon dangerous by shamans harvest fml by godsmack something different by godsmack dreams by beck could have been me by the struts three hammers by dragonforce circle by ghost wash it all away by ffdp jeckyelle and hyde by ffdp the otherside by red sun rising
not sure how many more i can fit but as many recommendations as i can get will be nice as i will be switching songs out ever so often and am sure i will be asking for recommendations often .
i would like to use a raspberry pi as digital signage with google slides and noticed that it did not work with the browser in raspbian .
does anyone know of a way to make this work with an app or a different operating system ?
i am surrounded by friends who love me and family who supports me yet i feel constantly sad and i just do n't know if i can carry on .
the world feels like it is crashing down and i just want all this pain to be over .
i do n't know what to do and i just want some help please anyone i just need to talk to someone
benefit from leveling faster by doing the exact same thing you 'd be doing solo by doing it in a party !
for those who are looking to cut down levelling time please join me .
i 'm not part of any clan but would like to team up for the entire duration of reaching level 70 .
i 'll be focusing on rifting acquiring leorics crown past level 20 in story mode and more rifting if we get bored rifting we can switch things up by doing bounties for a bit .
voice comms are not neccessary but i 'm up for it .
i 'll take anything to get my mind of the fact that i 'm jumping into the hamster wheel again for the 4th 8th really since i level both sc and hc consecutive time !
i 'll be starting 19:00ish because i wo n't be home earlier from work .
she bought a plane ticket for a six day trip to the united states in march and needs the visa .
unfortunately she was laid off from a job the same week she bought the ticket in november but has been working a new job for about a month .
she does n't have much saved up at the moment due to her getting laid off .
she lives on her own and rents an apartment .
she has been to and from europe last year .
i was wondering if it 's a good idea if i sponsor her since she does n't have a lot saved .
how do her chances sound at obtaining a visa ?
looking for a mix of everything thank you all hope i have what you need if not add me anyway p do n't forget to post to let me know your code
i just wanted to know is it possible to edit spruce oak and jungle leaves like you can with birch ?
since the live stream https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=2jpld7nvxi8 for the dragon quest 30th anniversary broadcast was announced about a month ago i 've heard surprisingly little in the way of hype for this event .
is the general consensus that the broadcast will focus on exclusively spinoff entries builders monsters heroes etc .
or is there a chance that we will get substantial dq xi news ?
here 's my source for the broadcast 's being tomorrow from the time of this post a little under 23 hours from now
i 'm hoping to see more of the ps4 in action and to hear a potential release date for the 3ds version of the game but i want to keep my expectations in check !
i know the obvious ones like hb wk dive and hb blast but what are some others .
i 'm really struggling in h2h right now and could use some tips .
chill flawless post stats both are solid players i 've been flawless a few times myself
i 'm kinda new to smite and wanted to ask if they are good content creators who do good guides or just funny videos for that game ?
greeting so far i only create bug and abuse report .
today i want to give a serious suggestion which some people might have told before .
first of all lol is team game which required quite a lot of communication .
here i want to suggest quick text/sentence similar to dota 2 or cs .
typing normally takes time and is troublesome especially in the middle of fight .
we can use hotkey z+1 z+2 ... x+1 etc to send text/sentence which has been set/determined either by riot or user manually .
current ping/smart ping system is quite lacking in many term .
enemies is missing this could be improve if we can mention the specific champion .
so far people just use it only if the champion is missing from their lane .
assist me on my way this might be ok but people seems mixed it with normal ping and there should be additional text to further elaborate the situation/condition .
ex do n't go until i come '' let me initiate/bait '' etc
danger red ping is quite clear to see but some people often underestimate/overestimate the situation .
some people use it to indicate when 1-2 enemy or jungler is coming .
ex danger wait until i come '' fall back '' etc
this system will definitely help especially for new player and also can be used as reminder for specific information .
do n't stand too close '' spread a bit more '' etc
in case there are many aoe in enemy team .
current ping system can point on specific champ but if enemies is in the fog/bush current system require us to explain our teammates by typing .
do n't go alone '' do n't go you will die '' get back '' enemies are coming '' etc
this might works similar with alert or retreat ping .
this one which i think the most important text sentence because losing 1 player might cost the game in late game .
people tend to keep going even after their teammates send danger '' ping multiple times .
tl dr request for additional customize able communication system .
a little while ago i told my dad in the worst way possible basically just stupid drama which is why i never wanted to tell him in the first place that i need a therapist .
so he finally got me a counselor i do n't really know the difference of a counselor therapist and a psychiatrist .
but anyways i 'm just really scared are they gon na tell my dad everything ?
i can think of a thousand other reasons why i 'm scared..
for as long as i can remember after i get attached to a girl i become convinced that she 's cheating on me .
there was 1 girlfriend who i did n't have this with i was n't as infactuated with her .
im not sure if it 's a legit fear of being cuckolded a sixth sense that they 're actually cheating or delusional jelously .
my gfs have tended to be on the dirtier/flirtier/more likely to cheat side of the spectrum .
i could be banging her 3 times per day and still feel sexually frustrated .
the thought of another guy fucking her turns me on massively but kills me on the inside .
it 's hellish impossible to concerntrate on work or anything else .
have any men been through this and how did you deal with it ?
can anyone tell me launch hours on jan 19th for eu servers in gmt time ?
i just stumbled upon this sub through r/games and i thought that i 'd fit right in .
i 've had chronic depression for as long as i can remember and like a lot of people here i have no motivation to do anything at any time .
sorry if this post is really jumbled and disjointed .
i 'm trying to combine like five different posts into one .
throughout my life gaming has been my one constant .
i 'm not going to really go into specifics but my life changes drastically every few years and i 've used gaming as my crutch to lean on .
it 's gotten to the point where i 'm obsessed and when i 'm not working or sleeping i 'm playing games .
my family thinks that it 's all i do and they 're mostly right .
i got a seasonal job at gamestop and i enjoyed it .
i loved working with my co-workers but i currently do n't know if they 're gon na keep me full time or not so that 's adding even more stress but i have one thing that i 'm looking forward to .
having milestones and things ahead of me to look forward to has always helped me deal with my issues and currently i 'm looking forward to going to magfest in february .
it 's my second time going and my second convention ever .
i 'm going with some friends from around the us specifically alaska and arizona while i 'm from louisiana .
we 're trying to make it an annual thing to do .
going to conventions really helps if you have a similar situation to mine like if gaming is the only thing you enjoy in life .
going to gaming conventions if you can afford it lets you get out of your shell a lot and it can help build a lot of social confidence if you have social anxiety like me .
you also get to meet a lot of your favorite youtubers and such and magfest specifically has lots of gaming themed concerts like the megas .
at last year 's mag i met a lot of people who were a lot like me and shared a lot of the same interests and we ended up hanging out even though we barely knew each other which is pretty much a nightmare to me but it was a great experience .
just going to one convention improved my social confidence so much that i was able to go apply for multiple jobs and get through a few interviews which is something i would have never done if i had n't gone .
it 's nice to take risks every once in a while .
even having games to be excited for is good .
i was using mgsv as a milestone for the past few years and it made it a lot easier for me to keep going .
i do n't know how to end this jumbled mess of a post but i 'd love to hear about some other convention experiences people have had .
notre dame was the only team to finish with its same preseason rank .
not counting notre dame only 4 teams finished in the same neighborhood 2 as their preseason ranks alabama michigan st lsu wisconsin .
10 teams finished ranked that were initially unranked by the preseason poll the highest of which being houston .
9 teams finished the season unranked that were ranked in the preseason poll the highest of which being auburn 6 .
so my coworker susan '' 45/f is real nice lady but can be a little loud and rough around the edges but is a great person .
we work in for a government agency in a little 15 person office .
susan does not work directly for my boss mike '' 55/m but mike definitely has a problem with her .
he talks about her to other people complains that she 's too loud when she works from home she does n't do any work and is just generally bad at her job .
he 's single 55 lives with mom will give co-workers the silent treatment makes fun of everyone when they 're not around complains a lot about the job/agency has a history of messing with people 's things at work unplugging someone 's coffee maker moving their coffee maker throwing away food that is not his going into someone 's office or desk for unknown reasons .
mike does n't have a whole lot of redeeming qualities to be honest .
i try to empathize with him but it 's hard to do when he is so negative all of the time .
i think he does n't have a lot going on outside of work no kids no wife i think he 's possibly gay .
lately susan has had things go missing from her desk important work related materials it 's obvious someone has gone through her desk .
everyone in the office has received a gift of a plant only susan 's goes missing and is later found dead .
things that seem petty but add up over time .
a superior is aware of the situation but it seems that his hands are tied without proof .
just wondering what course of action some of you would take ?
i want to set up a nanny cam but i ca n't really do that and would possibly get fired .
a mouse trap in her desk drawer is appealing right now too .
it 's not really my place to do anything either i realize that but if this was happening my wife i would want to kill mike .
tl dr my boss wo n't stop messing with my co-workers desk and other things when she is n't there .
superiors ca n't do anything to him because we do n't have proof that it is him .
wanted to buy this from the recent fmf sale but it sold it before i got home to have a chance to buy it .
this is an automatic summary original http www.chicagotribune.com/news/sns-wp-blm-mcdonalds-80216df8-b939-11e5-85cd-5ad59bc19432-20160112-story.html reduced by 54 .
a coalition of italian consumer organizations and european and u.s. trade unions accused mcdonald 039 s of abusing its market power to harm franchisees who run its burger restaurants as well as customers workers and rivals .
mcdonald 039 s defended its practices saying that the company is committed to working closely with franchisees quot so that they have the support they need to operate their restaurants . ''
mcdonald 039 s exploited its position as a landlord by requiring franchisees to lease its property and charging rents in europe about three to four times higher than market levels according to the complaint by consumer associations codacons movimento difesa del cittadino and cittadinanzattiva .
two-thirds of mcdonald 039 s total revenue from franchisees in europe comes from rents according to the statement .
mcdonald 039 s contract terms such as one or two-year non compete clauses severely limit the ability of franchisees to switch to other brands preventing effective competition between chains according to the coalition .
short-term profitability is the main rationale driving franchisees to enter into agreements with mcdonald 039 s according to the coalition 039 s lawyer raffaele cavani .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.chicagotribune.com/news/sns-wp-blm-mcdonalds-80216df8-b939-11e5-85cd-5ad59bc19432-20160112-story.html faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 20934 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords mcdonald 039 s 1 franchisees 2 company 3 complaint 4 union 5
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
b/o buy them all for 38 keys 2 keys discount
discount available only if you buy all the items listed above .
if 1 or more sell i will let discount only 1 key
we have around 85 scripts that move reports that we receive via ftp to various network shares .
the tool that pulls these in however has some different scheduling options than task scheduler like first weekday of the month '' for example .
we also have certain scripts that will fail because a process does n't take place over a holiday so we would like to tell certain scripts to not run on or after certain holidays .
is anyone aware of a third party tool that can run scripts on very specific schedules with options like this ?
trying to get a new lens for the camera so decided to do some spring cleaning and let go of some stuff .
or if you 're super lazy here 's the copy
add 7 for shipping for 1-5 sticks 6 will be 12 .
buy 10 sticks and i 'll ship for free .
pm me with any questions or if you 're interested !
in column b if the cell character count 5 move that row to the bottom row of worksheet few '' .
was toying with this code that deletes it instead of moves it but i can not figure it out
if len cells r 1 5 then cells r 1 .entirerow.delete
at a warehouse where i work we have about 9 wireless access points .
there still some areas where the signal seems weak .
i would like to have a tool where not only it measures the signal but it keeps like a map logged so we can visually see where we need to add an additional one .
i killed 11 king black dragons which were once the biggest meanest dragons around .
if anyone has an invite spare i would be very grateful if you could share it with me .
i just recently stumbled upon this sub and love it .
i actually have n't been on the front page in days ha ha .
i started a small esxi lab on my pc i7-3930k 16gb ram but quickly realized that i will need much more memory and thus a real server .
i could upgrade to a board that supports 64gb but only thing i can find is around 400 .
i can get a nice server for this much .
i am currently torn between a xs23-ty3 c6100 and an r700 .
i would like the server to be able to do the following
emulate multi-site domain with ad dhcp dns iis exchange possibly using real hardware and/or gnsw networking topology .
i have n't worked out the exact topology for the lab but i want the machine to be flexible .
so i 'm not sure what would be the best server for this .
i would also like to be able to use the same hardware for at least 3-5 years .
c6100 with four nodes 8 quadcore 's and 96gb to start with
c6100 with a single node x7675 and lots of ram and scale the other three nodes as budget and necessity require
i would like to stay at or around 1000 max but the various 500 configurations are appealing since i would still need to buy a rack hdd 's and some other odds and ends .
i was thinking about asking digitalmind2000 to price out a four node c6100 with only one node dual x5650 or 5675 's and at least 96gb of ram then adding nodes as i can and have the need .
i could actually get two maxed out older c6100 's with ddr2 for the very cheap .
are there some other things i need to take into account ?
i 'd prefer something quiet but beggars ca n't be choosers and if i have to i will work around the noise .
saban 's power rangers ninja steel starts deep in space where zircon is the reigning champion of the most popular intergalactic game show in the universe and monsters battle to prove who is the mightiest warrior .
zircon is determined to become invincible by controlling the mythical spirit crystal which contains six supernatural ninja power throwing stars .
the only thing standing in his way is a new team of heroic teenage power rangers who possess the spirit crystal .
the evil zircon sends his warrior contestants down to earth to steal the crystal where each epic battle against the rangers is broadcast throughout the universe .
together the rangers must master their arsenal of throwing stars zords and megazords each made of legendary ninja steel in order to stop this evil threat and save our planet from destruction . ''
http www.ign.com/articles/2016/01/12/power-rangers-premiere-date-and-next-iteration-revealed and they supposedly got it from nickelodeon .
i 've been starting and stopping keto for 6 months now ... which obviously means i have not lost any weight nor is my diet helping my pcos .
so i 'm back on the wagon and tracking on myfitnesspal .
i find i forget when it comes to dinner or weekends but try to go back in the morning and fill it in and trying to better in the habit .
wondering if any of you ladies would like to be keto accountability buddies or if there 's already a system for this in this sub ... let me know !
is that just a fair price or could there be profit in it ?
my clutch pedal went a little soft the other day but was still drivable .
this morning when i got into 5th on the interstate the pedal no longer had any resistance and i could not down shift until i was close to a stop .
i know the clutch itself needs to be changed .
my question is should i just change the slave cylinder or go all out and change the entire assembly .
this is one of the best images of peridot 's character and how it has evolved during the series .
however considering the new hapenstances in the newer episodes we should update it .
has one one taken a national geographic expeditions or a similar trip through someone else .
i 've been looking at some of their photography expeditions for a possible trip in 2017 and would like some feedback from someone who as taken one .
what were the things that you liked and did n't like about it ?
i wanted to see if anyone here has any experience getting a surgeon that accepts ble cross blue shield .
my insurance will pay for grs but the only surgeon i 've found that takes it is dr. marci bowers .
when i was young i got damaged in my hearing due to a heavy ear infection ... well not so much the ear infection as the plane ride home after my vacation ended .
the result of that was that i ca n't hear certain tones especially in my left ear .
now normally this would n't be a problem i just turn my head slightly more so i can hear better and it usually is fine .
i still miss certain tones and people with quite high or very low voices are difficult for me to understand .
the problem comes when i try to adjust my own recordings in audacity .
when it comes to adjusting things that everyone does i 'm fine like removing noise coughs and sighs .
however when i have to adjust things that are specific to my voice i ca n't hear correctly .
i honestly ca n't hear the differences and what needs adjusting because i miss the low and the high tones .
does anyone have any advice for me or how to work around this problem ?
is there any way to get a visual indicator ?
if it 's translated into images and someone tells me what to look out for i would be fine but i got no clue what to look at .
includes ae finder standard 80mm f/2.8 lens a sv power grip 2x 120 film backs and a polaroid back .
one back has an unexposed roll of delta 3200 film and the polaroid back has fuji 100 film loaded in it with one shot missing .
this is a great medium format camera that handles a lot like a big slr and even has a working exposure meter and can be used with a flash .
if you 're local i will trade for a fujifilm xf 56mm f/1.​2 lens
hi is there a good resource you guys can share to help me understand how siri works ?
i 'm trying to learn at a very high level not a sw guy but i understand the basics
i was just wondering what ethnic groups and what order you could mix to get the very best of man .
it 's partly general curiosity and partly an aspect for a story i am writing .
i posted on this subreddit as i figured it 's an archaeology anthropology kind of question .
can i have two game clients on same pc ?
i have kr now and dont want to download it again if ru client break something in registry .
i can probably manage the integration part even though i 'm out of practice but i have absolutely no idea how to swap the integral borders so it 'll have the same end result
i 'm here for a few more days before i return to australia .
i want to get out of the house and do some reading and laptop work somewhere but it 's too cold to sit outside for long .
are there any public spaces maybe even with wifi and power that i could visit ?
i get the feeling most cafe 's would want to kick me out after an hour .
desert eagle blaze 0.010 fn b/o 13 keys 85.5 of market sold for b/o
i 'm guillermo from cremagames and i thought you might find interesting our postmortem about mobsferatu http ludumdare.com/compo/ludum-dare-34 ? action=preview uid=59414 20 ldjam .
it 's the game we developed for the ludumdare 34 and that for our surprise ended up in the fifth position of the jam .
hope you find it interesting or at least entertaining .
i asked here https www.reddit.com/r/diablo/comments/40gt5y/can_we_have_a_quick_navigation_to_other_blizzard if it is possible to get this quick navigation http imgur.com/djsa1gn in this subreddit and now it is there !
thats not just very nice it is also freaking fast !
my boyfriend 's in a very competitive grad program right now he started five-six months ago .
we only dated for a few months before he left for grad school and we were n't sure if we were going to do long distance at first .
long story short emotions were high when he moved and after a while we decided we wanted to try because we liked each other too much to let go .
this is my first ldr but not my first ltr if it counts as that at this point .
this is his first everything and there 's sort of a notable experience gap in several areas but in general he 's a good communicator kind and tries pretty hard .
he 's really close to his family and he missed them a lot this past semester so he 's been doing a ton of activities with them for the holidays .
during the past few weeks he 's had less time to talk which i 100 get but makes me a little lonely even though i 've had stuff going on with friends and family myself .
he also just got his first semester 's final grades back .
he did n't do poorly at all but it 's a top 5 program and his identity is at least partially caught up in always excelling but it 's a bell curve and everyone in his class is also competitive .
today he brought up how he 's going to need to buckle down even more this semester so he is n't disappointed in himself at the end of the school year .
i also found out he 's going to try and take a weekend to visit his family in february and i know he was planning on spending his spring break with them and part of it might end up being eaten by an important grad school event .
this is really all the travel leeway he has for february april though .
i really love that he loves his family but i took time off to see him this month and in november and i probably do n't want to ask for time off again any time too soon .
i 'm taking a gap year to work in my field and i 'm in the middle of my graduate school applications now .
my first choice is his school and getting everything done for the applications and being terrified of getting in and thereby getting to close the gap without it being some monumental life plan alteration and how i 'll pay for grad school is terrifying .
my anxiety 's been pretty high the past month or two but i 'm trying not to let it bleed too much into my relationships with people .
so far we 've always been able to plan trips two trips ahead .
he 's visiting me for the first time in three and a half days and now that i know he 's taking a weekend in february to fly across the country to visit his family who are not where i am and he 's really stressed about school he 100 could n't handle two weekend trips in a month i keep thinking about how we do n't know when the next trip will be .
i 'm just really anxious about graduate school applications because if i get into his school we could be closing the distance in seven months and if i do n't that means i 'll definitely be somewhere else for two and a half more years and he 's got two and a half more years in his program .
honestly i do n't think we could handle that for a lot of personal variables that would n't make it worth it for us .
i 'm stressed about when i can ask for more time off work without upsetting a relatively new boss .
so is currently pretty swamped with his grad school workload and kicking himself about not performing to his expectations last semester and i do n't want to put my stress on him and feel like i 'm dragging him down more when he needs to get it in gear .
this is one of the reasons i could never relate to most people .
when i was talking with other shy/socially anxious/introverted people almost all of the claimed that they are lonely and have the desire to be more social and that being alone for an extended time causes them distress and unhappiness .
when i talked with other 'odd/weird ' people they usually had a lower social-drive but they still claimed they often feel lonely and implied it 's a bad thing .
most autistic/asperger 's people has an extremely low social-drive which i can relate to but many of them still often say that they are lonely and that loneliness is causing them a depressive bad emotional feeling .
i do n't think i ever felt lonely in my life in fact i 'm the happiest when i am alone .
i only have a very few close friends who i meet about every 2-3 years most of my other friends are work/school related aquintances .
even though i have a girlfriend of 4 years who i love more than anything i was perfectly content for 18 years without any relationships .
i almost always played alone in kindergarten had only a few friends during school who i usually only met during schooltime and during summer holidays i usually was sitting in front of the computer or walking alone in the city or nature .
hell i even play single-player games all the time since i dislike being in most online communities too .
of course i have a minimal extremely-low social desire but i 'm starting to think i 'm the only one who feels that way almost everyone else claims that they are lonely or want to become more social .
do n't get me wrong i do n't have any problem with good people i just mainly like to be alone .
he was n't on any lck rosters is he in lpl ?
i want to uninstall my mcafee agent 5.0.2 and my mcafee virusscan enterprise 8.8.0 because my dat-file was not updating .
therefore my admin said uninstall that agent from my client in the epo-console .
no my client is n't visible in the epo-console .
now i ca n't uninstall the agent because my c program files x86\mcafee\common framework is empty .
usually you start the frminst.exe forceuninstall in order to remove it .
and wanted to set the 'start ' value to 4 .
i need to do that to disable the mcafee framework service which protects the agent to be removed via program and features .
appreciate your help but my admin decided to reinstall my notebook .
i 'm in pittsburgh pa. pre-arrangements have been made with u/acedelaf .
my brother is a huge dallas stars fan so we 're heading to a game soon and i want to buy him a jersey .
i do n't know much about the dallas stars so i was hoping to get some input .
is there a solid player that is n't expected to get traded/retire soon ?
benn and seguin were the most mentioned so i went ahead with the seguin jersey !
i may buy a jersey for myself once i get more familiar with the team .
i 've read that the spin offs are still happening from some sites on the web and others stating they 've been cancelled has anyone got something confidential or is it safe to assume these spin offs have been planned later down the road with the mcu spider-man ?
i 'm working on a new ios video app that lets people create 'video chain reactions ' .
someone posts a video up to 15secs and other people respond with their own videos creating a horizontal chain e.g .
we 're currently looking for awesome video creators to join our private beta .
beta testers will have a great opportunity to get a shit load of exposure as our first users .
given that you 're creating some amazing videos i wanted to invite you to join in .
you can learn more and sign up in this link hoop.mobi/creative-community.html
before you send conor mcgregor to punch me in the skull i just wan na state that i have no intention to spam and that this is a genuine invite .
am i the only one everytime i play cobblestone i am against a full premade team ?
i 've been saving abv from my volcano have 1/2 oz right now and reclaim from my enail have a little over a gram and have some free time to make something .
i 've looked on this sub and it have seen people using one or the other but not both together .
what would be the easiest way to make something it does n't have to be butter that 's just what i 'm used to seeing but tinctures could be nice too .
i just got tyrant swain and damn that 's the reason people say this skin is a must ?
it 's not often but every once in a while i 'll spend the night staring at the ceiling .
i understand that sleep is a very important part of fitness .
so should i skip the workout the next day ?
lord knows i do n't feel like going when i have n't slept .
mickey lee soapworks mls is an artisan that specializes in small batch handmade soap aftershave preshave products bath products and lip balms.. samantha u/sammy_lee and eric mcdaniels u/mickey_lee have been occupying the artisan space for a over a year and a half now and continue to impress with their soap scents and hip style .
both are active participants in the shaving community and are easily accessible and a pleasure to speak with .
i encourage you to read their full about http mickeyleesoapworks.com/about section of their website for a deeper look at who is behind this amazing company .
with the ringing in of 2016 mls made the full switch to their vaunted special edition soap base and has added some new scents while discontinuing some of the less popular one .
for the most part i 'm looking at you souq they have done away with limited edition scents and will care a healthy standard line throughout this year and into the futue .
mls can be purchased directly from their website http www.mickeyleesoapworks.com or from third party retailers such as maggard razors http www.maggardrazors.com/product-category/soaps-creams/mickey-lee-soapworks .
as always i will provide my complete honest review and i have not received any compensation or preferential treatment for my review .
this is strictly for the community to use as a tool in making informed decisions .
most importantly these are my opinions and mine alone .
if you do not like them or disagree with them i respect that and ask that you do the same .
please note that i often review products from the same artisan and to save myself time the introduction packaging and lather may be identical or slightly tweaked .
the uniqueness normally will be found in scent price and overall .
mls cape verde comes in a opaque polypropylene tub with a solid black screw top lid .
the product weight is 4 oz which leaves the obligatory room to lather the soap directly from the tub without throwing protolather everywhere .
the top label the only label on the soap is waterproof and is very elegant .
the graphics and style have been dramatically redesigned but are still a in my opinion .
it contains the company name soap name ingredients and website address .
cape verde is offered in mls 's update base which many are already familiar with as it was once called their special edition base .
this base is noticeably better than the already very good base that mls offered .
this soap loads quickly and effortlessly into the brush and rewards the user with a very rich creamy lather that is both cushiony and slick .
the post shave feel is great as can be expected from a tallow based soap made from fine ingredients .
i have spent quite a bit more time of late with mls soaps and have really hit my groove lathering it up and dialing it in .
overall this lather has very few rivals because of its ease of use coupled with the cushion slickness and post shave .
cape verde is a welcome addition to the mls lineup of scents .
this scent is a bright and vibrant fougere with notes of orange tangerine lavender thyme and oakmoss .
the blend is a unique interpretation of the fougere genre as it moves away from the common dark sharp and earthy base .
the brightness of the orange tangerine and thyme is refreshing but still grounded down by the oakmoss .
i have found that this soap does grow during the lathering meaning the initial scent develops and presents more as it is worked up .
this scent is definitely a keeper in my rotation .
for 16.00 you get 4 oz of soap this is soap comes in at 4.00/oz .
the ingredients list is as follows stearic acid tallow coconut milk aloe vera juice coconut oil potassium hydroxide kokum butter sodium hydroxide castor oil vegetable glycerin lanolin shea butter avocado oil fragrance and essential oils .
mls cape verde will undoubtedly be a popular offering in the new mls scent lineup .
it is both unique yet traditional and will appeal to a wide variety of scent preferences .
the scent as a whole is complex but offers itself in a simple manner as to not overwhelm it 's user .
the direction mls is moving with year round stocking of their scents is also a breathe of fresh air when considering the madness surrounding limited edition scents and offerings that are often abuse in the aftermarket selling space .
if you are so inclined i urge you to check out mls cape verde it is a winner in my books .
i bought a kennedy rda from a coworker for 20 bucks to which he swears its the real deal .
looking online there are clones for 15 bucks and less .
the vpn that auto mod does n't like me talking about priv4te-intern3t-acc3ss expressvpn keepsolid vpn unlimited freedome tunnelbear
those are some that i can pay for using google play credit .
i will be paying monthly as a yearly or quarterly payment is n't a great option for me as i can afford the monthly one with the bonus google play that my carrier gives me .
i need them to not log or forward d m c a claims like the vpn that shall not be named .
now that the holidays are over i am feeling very depressed .
my daughter 's birthday is on thanksgiving well she was born on thanksgiving my wife 's birthday is on christmas day and my son 's birthday is on jan. 05 .
it is like going at 100 mph and then a complete stop .
i have n't felt it this bad until this year .
my little girl is now 4 and my little boy just turned 1 .
i am so depressed i can not wrap my head around why .
everything around my house is intertwined from the past four years .
i can not pass pictures art work look at videos watch certain movies listen to certain songs go into a bedroom or just even think about anything without totally and utterly breaking down .
i guess it does n't help that i am a stay at home dad .
it starts first thing in the morning and goes all day .
i have seriously been crying every day for over a week from when i wake up until i can finally go to sleep .
i do not do it in front of my kids though .
i feel that when we are together it is their time and not my time to be a blubbering mess .
if i feel a bout coming on i go potty '' .
i know that it is alright to be kind of sad thinking about the past but this is downright crippling .
it is like all the memories that i walk by or think about are something that i have missed and i get sad but i was there for all of those memories ... if that makes any sense .
we really have nothing but happy and fantastic memories .
my heart hurts and i do n't know what to do .
i guess i wanted to write this and see if anyone else fells or has felt this way .
my cool fire iv plus arrived yesterday and it came with the isub g. i got it all set up primed it and hit it .
threw on my melo tank and it worked beautifully .
i guess the thing i want to know is who has had a good experience so far with their isub g ?
not planning on putting ads or anything on my videos .
but i just uploaded a video to youtube and got this http i.imgur.com/t0burul.png http i.imgur.com/t0burul.png
i 've seen plenty of people that upload osu !
gameplay and am wondering if they do anything special .
i 'm wrapping up my ec-001 course and part of the last homework exercise is to find an interview three amateurs that have actually been on an emergency deployment .
i 'm having a hard time finding even a single person in any of the groups that i have connections to so i thought i 'd cast a wider net and ask my fellow redditors .
if you have been deployed it would be awesome if you could help me out by answering the following questions
to what degree did you successfully support the emergency communications effort ?
how would you evaluate your overall experience during the deployment ?
so currently a max cc can only hold 2mil gold/elixir and 10k de this increases up to 3mil/15k with lvl 10 clan because of 50 cc bonus storage perk .
my level 6 clan gets 30 cc bonus storage so i can hold 2.6mil/13k .
between defenses star bonuses and wars i 'll have that thing full in a week .
i like the idea of having a treasury '' but i plan on keeping it full and protecting my loot .
i just hope i do n't lose out on the ability to accrue star bonus/loot cart resources when my treasury is full like what currently happens if your cc storage is full and you win a war .
a simple fix to this could be the ability to transfer a portional or exact amount of resources from your treasury '' to you storages .
it is like saying panda is now in concrete in google 's algorithm rather than frequent updates ?
hello everyone my team big test icicles '' is raising money for special olympics in pennsylvania .
you can donate anonymously and it goes directly to special olympics there is n't any middle man on my part .
please use this link to donate if you 're interested and yes i will be in costume for the polar plunge
does anyone know when abouts the android app will be released .
would really like to try canvasing but i do n't own any ios devices .
or could someone point me toward the developers i am fairly technical minded and would be ok with helping to beta test it .
hey have been trying to get as far as i can in shadows of evil just looking for friends with mics to join in .
i run an ubuntu server out of my house for some games and home automation stuff .
i set the ssh server to use key authentication after seeing how many login attempts i was getting from china .
anyway i want to add a new device to the authorized keys list .
i need my iphone running prompt to be able to log on .
i do n't want to email an encryption key to myself since that would defeat the purpose of having one .
is there a secure way to transfer the public key from my iphone to my server ?
what movie out there has their soundtrack filled with metal rock hardcore anything .
i just finished the anime and noticed the baka tsuki has n't updated the series in awhile .
i 've heard that he was born in calgary but is still a natural born american citizen .
what is the actual definition of a natural born citizen if not someone being born on said country 's soil ?
i follow pete on instagram and alway see him liking joe jonas ' pics sometimes leaving a comment .
i mean the dude can do whatever he wants i 'm not dogging him or anything just seemed weird to me .
as of now the google calendar always shows the 31st regardless of what day it actually is .
my request is a tweak to make the day number change to the current correct one like the default ios calendar app .
i searched but i could n't find anything that would do this for google calendar .
if this already exists i 'd be grateful if someone would point me the right way .
this is an automatic summary original http thinkprogress.org/climate/2016/01/11/3738107/california-legislators-methane-leak reduced by 76 .
leadership in the california senate announced a package of bills monday in response to the ongoing natural gas leak in porter ranch a los angeles neighborhood 25 miles northwest of downtown .
the package calls for changes to the emergency management of methane leaks sets emissions reduction targets for short-lived greenhouse gases including methane and puts an immediate moratorium on gas being put in any of the wells located at the aliso canyon storage facility .
to date the leaking well at aliso canyon where half the 111 wells are more than 60 years old has emitted some 82,000 metric tons of methane releasing nearly 13 million worth of natural gas and accounting for more than a quarter of california 039 s daily methane emissions .
while natural gas burns fairly cleanly it is mostly made of methane a potent greenhouse gas so unburned leaks are a significant issue .
in a section called bluntly quot the current state of methane reporting is inadequate quot the organization reports that hardly any natural gas companies report methane leaks making it difficult for regulators or investors to evaluate risks .
the epa has already drafted a methane rule that would apply only to new infrastructure and the bureau of land management is expected to begin to regulate methane leaked from oil and gas development on public lands .
summary source http smmry.com/http thinkprogress.org/climate/2016/01/11/3738107/california-legislators-methane-leak faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 20719 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords gas 1 leak 2 methane 3 well 4 natural 5
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
ca n't start this post without linking to eat yourself skinny 's recipe http www.eat-yourself-skinny.com/2011/07/blueberry-lemon-bread.html for blueberry lemon bread !
i made some modifications to get a little more protein in .
obviously could make some more changes to get them healthier omit the 300 calories of glaze anyone ?
but this strikes a good balance of healthy delicious for me !
6 tbsp stevia could sub 3/4 cup sugar but i do n't count that in the calorie estimate provided
i took the muffins out of the pan and placed them onto a cooling rack before glazing them .
make sure to put a paper towel underneath for easier clean up !
i grew up with toonami and that sort of anime set of shows .
i vaguely remember a show with i believe a crew of people one of which was a girl i believe with red hair and a flying motorcycle ?
there is also a guy who gets in over his head with this group of girls .
also there was a show with an organization that hunted witches and wore trench coats .
one of the themes was this very sad sounding piano song descending the notes .
i started buying in to modern about a year ago and i tried to build mono red burn because of the price decrease of no fetches however over time i 've ended up in naya burn because the burn spells that have white and green in their casting costs are to good to not play .
this guy said i do n't care about the game so we 'll be going full time tonight '' which is 8:40 pm ...
we 're trying to continue playing the game but this error is stopping us .
we 're using the mega mod pack version 4.17beta and we 've never had this error before .
edit apparently we just needed to exchange save games and that fixed it .
your a fucking faggot dude fuck you you fucker dude delete my number you piece of shit
source after selling my xbox i had to stop game sharing with one of my hot headed friends .
i would like to put my wife on my account and get her a new phone .
she currently has a verizon prepaid that i pay for monthly and comes out automatically .
i have a udp that i have been hanging on to and do n't want to lose .
can i add a line and still keep my udp ?
can i change my minutes or text allowance and still keep my udp .
i would like a good resource on the do 's and dont 's with unlimited data .
i 've been dead set on keeping and paying full price for phones but dont have any real clue on the in 's and outs .
plank of wood with tank treads and a super soaker
so im farming ghost for try to get the herb burner but after a 2 hours i have get nothing but one week before i have get cremation with no problems .
do its just my rng or is actually rare ?
edit 5 mins after posring i get it ty rngesus
it 's been pretty consistent for the past several weeks not increasing but also not decreasing .
my husband and i miss being intimate my husband probably more than me he sleeps more at night ! .
we had mentally prepared for a 6-week dry spell but it appears that we will be going well beyond 6 weeks as my midwife likes to see 5 days without colored discharge before resumption of normal activities . ''
i feel great otherwise i 'm back to exercising and normal activities in all other regards .
anything i can do to finish up the healing process ?
hello all i 'm located in illinios and i am interested in trading my king dedede and ness for a gold mario .
like your annoying uncle is squeaking the air out of an old balloon .
well i 'm looking forward to receiving my exclusive ferrari !
put an hour or two in tonight which puts me in the top 38 .
should be easy enough to maintain if i can get back into a lobby ... .aargh nope !
you need to have more interaction https www.reddit.com/wiki/commenting wiki_commenting with the r/globaloffensive community before posting video or stream links .
unfortunately this has become necessary to combat video spam people who only use the subreddit to blatantly advertise their content .
members of organizations and other high-profile individuals can be excluded from this restriction in some cases per request .
please do not contact the moderators asking about the participation level required for submitting content we do not typically reveal it but it is quite low and any reasonably active commenter should reach it easily .
you can find our rules regarding advertising and self-promotion here https www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensive/wiki/rules wiki_9.29_advertising_and_self-promotion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensive if you have any questions or concerns .
for me it was fucked i was camping of all places for this shit to happen .
i was maybe 21 i had gone camping with a buddy of mine in a pretty remote area not like a campground or anything .
i woke up in the middle of the night consumed in fear could n't move the usual .
then i thought i heard a fucking bear and i tried to say something to my buddy but could n't speak .
then i remember starting to get a little bit of movement back in my mouth and i felt my mouth forming the word fuck '' but it seemed like it took a minute before the word actually started to come out of my mouth .
my buddy obviously woke up after i got that out and we sat there a bit listening and eventually just figured i was hearing things .
then a few days later i read about it on here and i thought holy shit that 's what happened . ''
seems like i always have these crazy auditory hallucinations though .
do n't make daft claims if you 're not prepared to back them up .
your post has been removed automatically because all images and short videos except for infographics must be submitted in text posts .
if you submitted an infographic please message the mods by clicking here http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fleagueoflegends otherwise click here http reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/submit ? selftext=true to resubmit your image the proper format .
if you 're not familiar with the subreddit rules you can read them here http reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/w/subredditrules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/leagueoflegends if you have any questions or concerns .
do enough content and get nothing and people wo n't want to play anymore .
plenty of people have left the game because they felt cheated by the system and they felt cheated because they put time and effort into things and got nothing in return for it .
nightfalls with worthless rewards raids with nothing but shards stacks of engrams that decrypt into subpar gear these things push players to abandon the game because they do n't feel like their time and effort is being rewarded .
marks are one answer to that and they work great for a time .
you are guaranteed to get some and this you feel like your time and effort meant something .
but then you reach the point where marks wo n't buy you upgrades and you are once again at the mercy of rng and with no guaranteed method of leveling up you become dissatisfied .
because of one too many wasted hours doing nothing to help you progress .
long long history i still remember the nerfs to the verata skills ...
it 's a good site but it 's also owned by disney
wiolent movies programmes with a very sexual nature than showed explicit scenes .
it was the fact i was quite young 11 or 12 .
sex was n't a mystery anymore there was not muxh i did n't know about so it was n't a big deal if i did it .
i ended up getting used getting seduced by much older men i did a lot of drugs becausetv said it was fun .
i was never allowed to just be a kid .
i am guessing 0-0 with lvg saying good posession game and we should be happy that we did n't lose in 3 games .
ohh a white mage bow i didnt even think of that it would be nice for rosa and pecil
minus the boots which i found everything else was crafted .
new player and i 've recently started farming dodo eggs .
these are the easiest since they drop eggs like crazy .
something like 13 of all shits they do are eggs .
to go with the egg though you need either cooked meat or meat jerky and also a vegetable .
i just tamed a lvl 48 pteradon with kibble .
it took 11 kibble and a total of 45m .
it would have taken 3h25m with normal raw meat !
i 've got 4 medium sized plots with rockarrot in and an irrigation system .
some people argue that the time needed to make kibble outweighs it 's taming benefit but i however think that if you 're efficient then it 's a lot better .
not to mention kibble lasts days compared to raw meat which is 20m .
some dinos need mating partners to lay eggs others like dodos do n't .
dropped eggs decompose within 30 mins dodo eggs do this may be different for others so if you do n't pick them up before the times you lose the egg .
yeah when they keep you up all night or when you are on your 100th story of the night sometimes you wish you could just sancho panza the darned windmill .
i can only control their movements through time and i might be able to manipulate people i guess .
but you 're assuming i 'd want to i just want to make everything stop so i can sit and read a book from start to finish .
oh and pretend i 'm the prince of persia .
edit nvm just realised that the title is not the aim of the game and i 'm shit at games .
it 's pretty essential that i 'd be able to order it from an australian website .
i 've also noticed that gearbest.com has good prices and ships to australia for free i was also thinking of getting these mrice e300 's http www.gearbest.com/iphone-headsets/pp_234210.html ? currency=aud gclid=cjwkeaiaws20brcs-p-sslbslg4sjabbvcdpk_mbojolmkbpjpffx4oifj-wbyc7g31jgxau2-fdjrochtdw_wcb anyone had any experience ?
isolation some would be nice but is n't necessary .
i 'll be using it in a variety of places in school at home when working out etc .
preferred music rock power/prog metal e.g. dragonforce protest the hero also listen to other bands like disturbed and the occasional house genre .
an example by protest the hero https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ar15p6afr8a it 's prog rock so you might want to listen closer to the middle of the song
improvement comfort i 'll have them on for an hour or more in one session for working out etc and general sound quality .
i 'm not really an audiophile as you can tell and i 'm pretty new to this sub so i apologize if i 'm doing it out of the ordinary .
dude if they married at 22 that 18 years later '' is when they 're both 40 .
grandmotherfucker. it 's like motherfucker but in situations of even greater fuckiness .
oooooh a 6 match wrestlemainia that will be successful !
my post history should present the fact that i 'm open enough to play devil 's advocate because the best way to approach anything is to view both all sides of the story .
i do n't work for anyone affiliated with m .
i 'm telling you from my own personal experiences .
if anything i play devil 's advocate too much and it gets people very pissed off sometimes .
but sometimes that 's also fun to just sit back and watch p
having these bssbs helped quite abit since im still quite low on hones .
bssbs as rw can really help you clear quite abit at the start
understandable as it 's making permanent changes to the body ... but op 's boyfriend seemed to be freaking out because of how her choice would affect him it suddenly made him aware that he may want children in the future .
that 's where the issue lies or so it seems .
you can find models from the dark vengance box really cheap on ebay .
granted they are snap-fit so you do n't really have a lot of customisation options but for the price they ca n't be beat .
my kind have advised yours since you were brutish apes barely able to stand upright .
when your kind were discovering stone tools we were whispering improving your techniques day by day week by week month by month year by year .
when the pyramids of egypt were commencing their construction i was there whispering quietly into the mind of the architect .
when the earth unleashes its wrath upon you my kind sit enraged at a universe that will not allow us to directly intervene will not allow us to aid our surrogate children .
when your wars have begun over pointless feuds our kind has attempted in vain to whisper into your brains to quell the raging desire for self-destruction .
it is always in vain of course even the healthiest of human minds has an unquenchable thirst for violence .
yet we have tried selflessly over and over and over and over .
we always hope that one day reason shall prevail over rage .
before we transcended physical form our computational technology and mathematical understandings were far superior to anything humans have ever understood .
and in yet another act of selflessness we whisper offering answers to your technological improvement .
nearly every advancement humankind has ever experienced has been in one way or another a direct result of our whispering .
we hope one day in the far future you shall ascend past physical form as we have .
as many species we have whispered to before you have .
and all we ask in return is for you to not ask any questions .
do not seek additional answers if the universe does not seem to provide them .
enjoy your vacuous pointless debates about what methodology of entertaining oneself is superior .
experience your vibrant colorful technological landscapes conducting ultimately pointless tasks for no purpose other than the sheer enjoyment of the act .
build your apparently massive metropolises your towers of steel and glass you foolishly believe impressive .
unfortunately for you it does not seem the human mind is capable of this .
do not delude yourself you have no escape from your condemnation .
i have already informed my associate of the need for your spiritual termination .
she prepares even now for your arrival so eager is she to begin .
from what i understand she is rather fond of thin blades .
i have also caught glimpses of candles within her malicious workshop ...
i used to keep parakeets and to have a little one like that come to visit is really sweet .
i do n't get a lot of visitors human ones anyway so it 's a huge comfort for me .
you can wear bows on the trunk of your costume .
if it was working it would be a good idea to start downloading wikipedia .
oh wait now i can go to the adult video store .
hmm what would i want to download before the internet stops working ?
no he just accidentally hit then semicolon key at the end there .
i 'm veeeeery interested to get to that one .
i 've heard it 's basically a knee-jerk reaction to star wars .
i 'd have said the 29um67 if it had been covered by amd 's lfc feature but it 's freesync range is too narrow sadly .
i 've always wanted a 32 '' 1440p va monitor .
the envy has low contrast for a va and uses pwm dimming though reportedly .
on top of the processing lag and pretty slow response time and it does n't like that 's one i would consider .
you could also consider selling or swapping your 290x for a gtx 970 .
i 'd normally go with freesync but you practically got g-sync for free for that price .
i agree hotline miami 2 was a bit unfair at times but it was still fun .
the story comes down to personal preference but they 're both great .
i wonder what was stopping them from just clicking on it out of curiosity
i did n't even think about it because i have n't touched my ini 's in a while but somehow my memory patch is gone .
i re-installed memory block log which also disappeared somehow and my memory is capping at 256 .
i 'd also be interested in the setup-up used been thinking of using latts alongside mux and a kiraxhz sp ?
rent i 've estimated needing 1000 sq ft of space in the store to be ideal .
the rent for this in my area is about 8000-15,000 per year which seems very doable .
market research i will get something solid and on paper but i 've heard nothing but complaints from people in my area about lack of events high prices etc but nothing changes .
the facilities offered are none existent at the other stores .
throughput i imagine with everything here being so over priced for a very poor service in my area getting people to shop at a store who is dedicated to working for them would n't be so difficult .
if there is anything you think i 've missed please get back to me !
that 's some great form there by the girl ...
but yeah ... . not really something i 'd want on my body .
i think most people say you need ridiculously low ping like under 60 .
vdacioxua.com https www.reddit.com/domain/vdacioxua.com aka the idiot spammer^^tm is a known spam website .
i 'm not commenting on you as much as i 'm commenting on how stupid and overdone these types of jokes are .
please refer to this comment for more info https www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/40li9h/strauss_warriors_win_over_miami_steph_curry/cyv5511 ? context=3
will i get lower fps on a 128 tick server rather than a 64 one ?
how far away were you from the macbook screen if you do n't mind me asking ?
presumably closer than you were to the live action scene you posted pic of ?
yup i think i might have been in your group i played at 02:30 game time today .
and i ca n't do any more sinkholes even though that was my first one of the day .
it also i found a reddit post from a year or two ago describing the same issue so it 's been in game for a while probably just does n't happen often .
i submitted a bug report hopefully they 're at least aware of it .
there is so much missing evidence in this case .
i think its more of less his attitudes thats letting him down not the managers
as laptops get smaller and thinner this is the only thing that fits in .
entering i already have it but i want give it to my fiancée who is a console peasant .
i am a wandering pilgrim who has spent his entire life in search of the right porn wandering from country to country desert to snow wasteland .
i have perfected the art of edging meditation and through it i hope to soon achieve interdimensional travel to another realm where i can continue my search .
yea indeed ... ... i do n't say one should have an equivalent to a daedric sword as soon as you get the first bound weapon specific perk ... ... but once you have invested all the perks i think it should be it .
also because at that point you have 100 in fucking conjuration and you are already very powerful and conjuring a daedric sword/bow/axe really does n't make you more strong
let 's wait until you have a child that age see if you still feel that way .
look if you want to go find the other ghosts go ahead but i will not be coming with you .
but as for monopoly we can play that if you want .
i like it and it 's a nice change from the usn km ijn alternatives .
a really nice change when you 're in a grind .
the downsides you have mentioned and i 'll add the turrets get blown up easily nearly every match .
and for fun i did citadel a gorbachev with a cleveland at about 8km .
as stated if you can keep yourself out of attention you can unload a lot of shells .
the trick is to use landmass to conceal or protect half yourself like in land of fire or never be the dude nearest your enemy by range as a lot of people just lob shots at the nearest dude .
the tight spread torpedoes are devastating and a very nice spread to look at .
8km is n't bad if people are coming towards you .
shooting from smoke is good times but it 's too sluggish to maneuver within the smoke .
so it 's best to slam the breaks point your bow and just use your front guns at 1/4 speed .
bbs at t6 do not insta-jib a cleveland like happens at t8 .
if you pull t6-t8 party time or t8-t10 and you 're fucked .
i tried a bit in ranked but i could n't make it work .
it has poor concealment so struggles when you 're the first cruiser spotted every match .
can easily swap a captain between it and the murmansk when you want some not so serious fun .
a forza do cambio non está soio en podemos na miña opinión sinon en cambear as maneiras de facer política .
podemos as impulsou partindo de aprendizaxe do 15m donde confluiron movementos e organizaciones sociais con outras forzas mais netamente políticas .
eu penso que é ese o camiño e remítome a os feitos .
as candidaturas más exitosas foron as de confluencia a mais existosa de todas donde a confluencia estaba mais traballada en comú-podem .
ainda con eso pra mín a confluencia non debe ser tacticismo electoral sinon obxetivo estratéxico .
as confluencias aglutinan as xentes e multiplican os resultados .
the comparisons to sacrifice are apt and have been made by several others in the past .
although i ca n't say if it inspired anyone at double fine they were actually inspired quite a bit by herzog zwei .
i love my '11 brilliant black but what a pita to keep looking nice .
i suppose i just meant we ca n't know for sure what his controls are .
also i did n't know this was with ableton or if that was just a standalone sampler
using wp or carpet bombing in a city is the daftest thing i 've heard all day and is nothing short of a war crime .
lets keep this civil war going for another decade or two then !
yanderplane i dont need friends i 've got knives ! !
and sure 5k should know when to pick him or not .
in addition team mates know to play with chen .
i guess in 2k a carry would more likely ignore chen coming for a gank or push just to get one more last hit .
just as a broad question would you be open to a debate podcast ?
when you get a new dungeon check sites like www.kotdb.com for highly voted dungons .
you usually want one where pixel perfect jumps/timing is required or an elaborate path to ensure raiders ca n't guess it/get it on the first few tries .
you want them to die enough to only get a 1-star rating and have low chances of stealing your gems .
if he goes out by dq and beating him with a chair or something it actually does the opposite .
hi gnarlybars this is posted on all fanart submissions so if you 've already done what i 'm about to ask please ignore me !
the name of the anime the fanart is from .
a link back to the original artist consider using saucenao http saucenao.com to find them .
if not please edit your post with the needed information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/anime if you have any questions or concerns .
i suppose a solid would be better than a liquid assuming it was n't too hot i doubt it would melt in .
then again i clearly know jack shit about gecko shit .
i do n't like my personal and professional life crossing over and you have an issue with boundaries .
also i wo n't work for sexist homophobic racists .
they sell regularly on mybeercellar for about what they sold at retail 3 years ago .
it pains me to think of the stories that could have been .
and why do you maintain that when the previous comment disproves it ?
that feeling never goes away no matter how old they get .
i 'm currently using a de santas leather holster with a leather belt .
i usually wear jeans and a large pullover jacket .
could i play this one without the first two ?
looks like calgary and san jose are tied at 3 .
if they make this a 3 point game we 're back out of the playoffs !
so long as her work getting all that dough does n't interfere with her sandwich making capabilities it 's all good .
i presume that north and south dakota would very much be on opposite sides yes ?
i saw this in orlando like 8 years ago i just thought it was a fancy one turns out it was from the future .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
please read the faq http www.reddit.com/r/sex/wiki/index for more information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sex if you have any questions or concerns .
he only knows how to hand off when he does n't he 's like the fuck do i do with this thing ?
i think it is the way butchers move large amounts of meat like a whole carcass .
they are on hooks that roll on the monorail '' system .
the monorail part is that it is on a single line that it runs on .
but i 'm not really sure i 'm a vegetarian lol .
my parents kind of flipped and i went to a psych ward for only a few hours until the people there pissed off my parents too much and we left .
so long as you show you can control yourself and you are n't incapable of thinking independently you 'd be there for a day or two maybe more depending on what discharge plan you have .
it would suck a ton though and if i could i 'd never have listened to my ex girlfriend and still be happily bleeding right now instead of being watched by my parents like hawks .
whenever i want attention i always just be a giant shitbag too because i 'm a fucking four year old .
i was afraid of getting scammed when i get there .
i do n't know any thai words and i heard not all people speak english .
it 's very often meeting people who concede after i tidecaller coin finley
the only time coker should touch the ball is when hes handing it off to henry .
i 'm not sure what i want re bottom surgery yet it all depends on how big my cock gets from t but i refer to my parts as male parts and my front hole as my front hole haha .
but u dunno i mean i feel like a lot of things will be medically possible much more quickly than y'all are thinking .
i do n't know i do n't have as much bottom dysphoria all the time so not my forte .
but good luck dude it sounds like you 're having a really hard time .
she can but she cant make it a stipulation that he join her .
it would only take a few people and once the evidence is planted you just let it run it 's course .
once you disappear and sort of fade away it 's not hard to stay away if you ignore the letters and telephone calls .
depends a lot on how deep you were in though and how much money you have .
if you have money they will keep coming after you .
just say your 're bi or pan and awkward moment avoided .
how many times do i have to say its name to get the same response .
during a serious injury it 's common for multiple coaches and players to come out and check on the injured player .
hell last year during the cowboys/lions playoff game dez ran on the field without his helmet to argue with a ref about a flag just thrown it was n't even a timeout and he didnt get flagged .
the so-called rules about who 's allowed on the field at what time are consistently broken multiple times a game by every team .
watch the second innings they will be silent every ball except for wickets .
this is the stupidest load of shit i 've read in quite a while .
it boggles the mind how the author could seriously want to attach their name to this illogical nonsense .
i just bought a 2015 town amp country s. it supposedly has everything you just mentioned except the increased horsepower .
it 's pretty spiffy actually and the price was right .
fifa madden nba 2k nhl halo 5 rise of the tomb raider garden warfare 1 and most likely 2 call of duty advanced warfare black ops 3 mass effect 3 dragon age inquisition battlefield 4 .
anyway you were talking about banning these gambling aspects entirely making them illegal .
also i can see you deleting your posts including asking this question for a list of 10 in the first place
yeah i added a few other staples because o was surprise how many were missing .
are you a mutant with the very obscure ability to fight thc ?
why is it that when a-1 makes shit like this everyone makes excuses for it but when a studio makes something like bahamut do n't recall entire name the harem airing this season everyone knows it 's bad but like a good bad ?
the only thing going for this was its ' water color backgrounds which even that is solely a stylistic preference the backgrounds themselves were just unexplained fantasy world settings .
the first couple min of them fighting the goblins and being shitty at it was fun to watch but then it transitions into such boring exposition .
not to mention that moment a little over half way through where they spent minutes on end talking about boobs was fucking stupid made me hate the red haired shit face and well all the other characters for not truly calling him out for being a dumb asshole .
seriously how can anyone stand going through dialogue like that and still think this show will get good ?
my bet is that the dumb fanservice '' like that is only going to increase from here on out .
overall found the episode to be boring and riddled with pointless shitty dialogue .
it 's like if someone decided to make an anime about the characters in sao that suck and do n't know what they are doing in fact the character designs kinda look like the one 's from that guild kirito helps out in the beginning .
i think focusing on the goblins lives would be far more entertaining than watching them moan about boobs and how bad they are at fighting .
also do n't get how they can so easily accept being brought into a new world forced to fight monsters you 'd think someone would just say no fuck that but whatever .
prob my worst show of the season def dropping it and no i do n't have a hate boner for a-1 i liked erased but this in comparison is just bad real bad .
i think that is what is slowing me up .
my mom microwaved my leftover pizza with styrofoam plate .
it melted with the pizza and she threw it away .
i cried and she said oh do n't cry please do n't cry if you cry you did n't forgive mommy . ''
i stopped crying but i still want my pizza .
had a little fun quiz thingy for my english class in 10th grade last question was who was the creator of winnie the pooh ? ''
needless to say i brought the book the next day and showed it to him .
he said sorry but it was n't enough for me .
i wanted him to gather up the class and said sorry to me in front of every body so they know i was fing right .
we did n't google everything at that point of our life .
best one my father assumed that since i was the first born and oldest child from the moment i had a little sister age of 3 i somehow was mature enough for everything .
anything that i did from that point on was deemed childish .
to this day saying stop trying to be cute '' triggers a massive anger and i ca n't accept people saying stop being childish '' to me .
being a rebel i am i still could n't cope with growing up .
intruding probably was n't the best word for it but what i mean was as long as it 's not negatively affecting you it 's fine .
honestly these guys are gon na regret missing him playing in his prime because they were too worried about it ending or whatever .
he 's only 31 and averaging 26/7/6 and 28/8/6 recently on great shooting ... even if he declined by a little bit ... that 's obviously going to happen as he had one of the best seasons in nba history in the 2013 season every player in nba history declined '' after their best season why bring it up ?
i doubt people were bringing up jordan 's decline at this age he won 3 championships after 31 .
this does n't happen to occur when he is deeper in your mouth does it ?
edit never mind reading further down i see pressure combined with a rough palate has already been suggested which was what i was alluding to .
i used to have this issue with my ex girlfriend especially when she attempted to push me deeper in
in canada we tend to the left so just love obama .
however the republican party has traditionaly been a better friend to canada than the democrats who seem very unsure of how to properly govern .
we just want a balanced even handed approach after all we realize the us is the world power and has an influence over most other nations .
as maxwell smart used to say about kaos if only they used that power for good and not for evil '' .
they 're not getting cash from me now so no change .
with the way congress has been working recently it will probably go nowhere .
still very worrying but it will still probably end up in a trash bin somewhere .
if by respecting someone 's faith we are respecting the person without condoning or condemning is that not a mitzvot ?
from a strictly jewish point of view there 's no commandment to respect non-jews to begin with so you certainly would n't have to respect their religion .
if you 're going to generalize and say that everybody should treat everybody with respect then sure not giving somebody a hard time about their religion would be part of it but specifically saying that judaism encourages people to respect all religions just is n't true .
if a mass murder can make a good pizza does that suddenly make them ok ?
talk to you around ... 2 weeks from tomorrow i guess .
fyi there 's a built in screenshot button in vba options joypad configure capture .
if they worked like they should not glitching through the terrain and possibly came with glowing bits not very bright because too bright is cheating '' in my opinion every so often it would be fucking sweet .
however the troll answer is use the dive reel going in then use the terraformer on the way out just digging towards the line ... .
we do n't need '' another moba since we already have a ton .
as i said earlier it is nice to have the extra option .
paragon may very well turn out to be great but in sure that overwatch and battleborn will suffice to satisfy the moba itch .
what xbox would need is something that fills a gap in the lineup .
my example earlier was persona 5 since xbox has nothing like it .
if phil spencer was in front of you and he said he 'd go out and get one ps4 3 exclusive on xbox why would you say paragon ?
i 'd much rather go for something that we have nothing like on xbox .
an experience that you can not have on xbox since there are no other games like it .
haha funnily enough i already have an account for yoyochinese
they used the phrase gather steps '' so just not on the pick-up .
i remember in my youth league they fucking called travel on everything .
even lifting the pivot foot in triple threat without putting it down .
i had the dk2 running with a gtx 770 and it really struggled a lot .
the gtx 660 is going to be a waste of money it 's absolutely useless for vr .
readers are interested in the characters and the story i ca n't imagine they 'll be particularly fussed about whether the various creatures and species evolved or were created .
if you want to mix scientific theory and magic then go for it .
just make sure you do n't spend a lot of time focusing on evolution and creationism no-one wants to be preached to .
as an aside i do n't see why this is relevant
as a secular person i feel creationism does n't make sense and even though it made sense to the medieval point of view if does n't nowadays .
i can understand that view in the real world but you 're discussing a fictional setting in which gods actually exist and some creatures have been literally created using magic .
why would creationism not make sense in your world ?
try conclave and treat it like a personal challenge like melee only or secondary only etc ...
i almost always shun ultimate powers in conclave and try to overcome balance issues like getting a team mate running full meta jacket by just not being a twat 'melee chase down !
ah shot in face close though ' interactions are really fun ... i do lose because of it but it 's way more fun then quick smash n ' bladestorm for leetzor kdr skillz and i get way more 'lol gg added ' then ninja vanish .
these stupid hackers do realize who the are messing with right ?
take everything they say with a massive bottle of salt
yeah i was pretty confused for a moment hearing them .
i have some i could delete but i actually play most of them mostly against the ai .
i just like to play a lot of different decks .
rusev tweeted about wanting the belt so he could be kalisto 's opponent after the del rio rematch ?
sadly dw is a player that got stuck somewhere and not able to keep improving .
he has a very bad lvl right now i 'm talking about tier 4-tier 5 .
he has the game sense and knowledge to make it up into a tier 2-3 maybe but in this game you also need to kill and this guy seems not able to perform when he has to aim .
the post is n't even about my rank at all everyone seems to think that i 'm complaining i 'm not i just think it 's crazy how often you lose players relax
how is this better than the posts it is critiquing ?
in regards to the sour bit i 've found koreans tend to be very sensitive to sour things except for things like kimchi .
so a citrusy/fruity sauce with just a hint of acid will invoke a strong reaction in many people .
in other words do n't put much stock in the sour '' complaint .
all communication we have from satoshi during his involvement with the community indicates he was a large blockist .
i think the most likely explanation is that satoshi is more than one person explaining why the person who as satoshi told hearn how bitcoin could easily scale past visa-level throughput ca n't make an appearance today and push for large blocks .
in any case if the party known as satoshi does n't want to make an appearance and be a factor in this discussion i think we should respect their wishes .
edit it should also be noted that theymos who supports small blocks and betraying the community was one of the earliest members of the community joining before hearn .
we are still to get the proper marksmen recon and sniper kits so we will see until then acog sniper for now
an extended version of this would be perfect as a bomb timer theme .
a small .5 at most but with dual zeon cpu
could someone please tell me what the 50/50 cash line was ?
i dunno man i had one and knew a few huskies that were n't the craziest about food .
wenn wir den nicht bald los werden wird das nie was mit operation männerstrumpfhosen .
congratulations for the both of you ! whats next ?
it 's just a friendly thing with u/ukulelej p i 'll be back to danved once i release my next gdu
nah it 's a question that makes total sense .
it 's to get a feel if they express the idea of how much something weighs and if they have a feel for what things might weigh like if they can say something reasonable .
to see if they have benchmark weights they can use to compare like how much a person might weigh .
then imagine if they said their dad weighed 2000 pounds more than their mom would show they do n't have a feel for a pound at all
i believe she is strong and of course i would travel with her or my mother would accompany her !
but i believe it 's better to try do something now .
i could wait till i have enough of income to support this trip but it could take longer time ... and time is up to value here .
1 844-556-3435 for yahoo tech support and gmail tech support any time by our certified technical experts to acquire free trouble shooting for email and other technical assistance .
i drove around there like 10 years ago and you know what really freaked me out ?
no one up there knows how to paint a house .
every house was like pink with forest green shutters or yellow with black trim .
if you are on a server where your only option to stop someone spamming shrek binds is to mute them you are n't going to be missing anything important .
pogba is the best i 've played against but i 've never had him iniesta has been better for me than james .
though it 's a downloadable content so i suppose it 'll follow the standard digital releases wo n't it ?
or as we call it south wales or where the men are men and the sheep are scared !
and then you rummage through its corpse for crafting goods .
i think the problem this year is that people seem to be too prepared .
the toty market situation always seemed to suprise people but every year people seem to be more informed about the events .
for example two years ago the market just crashed people thought last year it would crash again but the actual crash was the anticipation of the crash .
this year everyone was waiting for that 'pre crash ' but it did n't happen as hard because everyone knew about it .
my point is that the market is just really unpredictable and the only reason i could see bale and neymar drop is because people sell them to buy more packs but i do n't think they will drop as much .
everyone is waiting for the weekend/100k packs to buy their players so when they actually hit everyone is going to buy their teams and prices are probably going to rise again because of the high demand .
my advice is just buy the players you want if you can afford them and play the game .
as a side note depending where you are in canada weller 12 gets released once a year at least in ontario .
so many of us stock up for the year when it comes out .
keep your eyes open since you could always convince someone to send you some .
for 45 cad it is a great deal by lcbo prices .
this is definitely the magic '' pace of an rts .
i do n't know why more games did n't try to replicate it opting instead for rush supremacy .
even with less ammo t-90 's max damage output is still higher than the leopard 2a5 .
that being said if you only play pve there 's no point buying upgraded guns for both t-90 and t-90ms .
they 're necessary for pvp but only reduce your overall damage capability in pve .
the extra pen is not really necessary and the extra damage wo n't make up the 10 shells .
keep in mind that nipple pain will probably start to subside around 4-6 weeks .
also she should only have pain on latch not pain the entire time she is feeding .
if she has pain the entire time baby might have a bad latch which might need fixed .
that 's very considerate of them to pay i was under the impression that most rape was done for free .
and it was n't due to poor hygiene she just always always ate fish .
yeah it 's a bit hidden but from settings display you can set it to default or dark .
my dentist scowls if i 'm 5 minutes late .
i always stock up when h b has their penny sale !
i love the pasta and noodles would n't recommend the rice !
it has a texture like pasta rather than rice !
i soloqued all the way to global here in eu took me about 7 months .
it is way harder then playing with your friends .
whats important is that you mute anyone who talks more than they should just one call after death should be enough this is important so you can keep focus .
and your gamesense after my opinion will increase way faster if you soloque .
i 'd probably go to the zoo and animal shelters and start opening cages after breaking into home depot to get a generator and a truck for personal use .
cedars are like weeds at least in central texas .
they suck up water that impede nicer trees like oaks and they can even dry up surface water like creeks .
this post is better suited for our daily simple questions thread !
please check the sidebar for the posting schedule and repost your question there .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/femalefashionadvice if you have any questions or concerns .
now it 's just whatever they do n't agree with .
what the fuck is this guy a jack russel terrier ?
l-tyrosine in the morning can also assist energy in those early days ... .i forgot to mention it .
good luck as others have said every day brings progress !
at least i was actively doing something rather than browsing the subreddit being a sarcastic crack whore 's afterbirth such as yourself .
got myself the usb version of the at2020 what is the major difference with using a mixer ?
they seem to be making a concerted effort to look away .
i sucked as much as i did when i first started playing on my brother 's ps4 but started to do better as the night went on .
i did n't really have any issues finding a match except for supremacy but i did n't really care to play it anyway .
droid run 's one of my favs and i was able to get into that quickly turning point worked well for me also a fav .
i 'm very happy with buying this and ca n't wait to unlock the jet pack !
while a perfectly accurate interpretation of the law for interstate transfers of firearms what does this have to do with dudes criminal or lawful driving down to indiana and buying guns in person ?
if u/ingenieur214 was making this point they were entirely right about an absolute non-issue .
well i mean with ammy being unkillable is more important than trying to do a lot of damage
it supports both bluetooth and logitech 's own unified receivers one of which is included in the package .
you need to have more interaction https www.reddit.com/wiki/commenting wiki_commenting with the r/globaloffensive community before posting video or stream links .
unfortunately this has become necessary to combat video spam people who only use the subreddit to blatantly advertise their content .
members of organizations and other high-profile individuals can be excluded from this restriction in some cases per request .
please do not contact the moderators asking about the participation level required for submitting content we do not typically reveal it but it is quite low and any reasonably active commenter should reach it easily .
you can find our rules regarding advertising and self-promotion here https www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensive/wiki/rules wiki_9.29_advertising_and_self-promotion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensive if you have any questions or concerns .
seeking wisdom is a subtle error but not seeking at all is a more egregious error .
the expectations in both directions for fo4 were seriously out of whack .
you 'd think people would know what to expect of bethesda by now .
they have a formula and they stick to it come hell or high water .
either you like that formula or you do n't .
high fructose corn syrup and oil companies that fund global climate change denial good .
lucky i 'm awake at 5:30 in the morning for no particular reason i 'll join you guys as well and i can dm/help you two with your characters if need be .
you have some amazing taste in activities and they 're definitely some that i think make life a hell of a lot more fun to experience .
i used to skate a lot when i was younger but tragically for me i 'm a chicken and the first time i fell down i said oh shit you can get hurt by this ? !
so props to you for the bravery of keeping them on .
as for vinyl i 've been a collector for a few years and i love me some heavy metal as my name suggests .
more than just sounding prettier analog sound seems to bring me closer to new friends every day .
i have to ask did you cash in on anything for the steam sale ?
i tried talking myself out of it this year but i buckled and 50 bucks later i 've got 25 new games that i know i 'll probably never make it through .
some of these read like vital information w lori beth denberg .
this is a complex issue with no current solution https github.com/alexrj/slic3r/issues/1588
decent depth will most likely be 4th or 5th choice when everyone is fit
its a screenshot and its not trying to kill you .
fun fact penguins and polar bears could never meet in the wild .
this is due to the fact that they live at opposite ends of the earth .
penguins live in antarctica at the south pole while polar bears live in the arctic at the north pole .
the main reason i stopped clicking on eqd links here is that it takes so long to load .
usually i 'm upset because i think we can beat any other team in the league but the warriors are flat out better and barring a couple of mistakes we could have taken this game imo .
the thing is we now know this team can play this hard now is the time to do it consistently .
i figured it was something that was small i just could not get right .
i did n't know the positioning in the sources menu meant anything .
the problem is corrected and now i can start streaming soon .
i am 33 and forcibly retired due to disability .
i need something to do with my time and a way to hopefully make a few hundred dollars extra a month .
if i am going to be playing games i might as well stream and make new friends and have a good time .
oh you meant the team that ended up with three losses .
yes at the point you played them in the season you ruined their perfect season but half the teams in college football did the same thing
the scam is that their winnings are furnished by all the people who win nothing .
they 're not actually selling products for that cheap .
they 're taking all the money from the people who do n't win the item .
it goes once again to prove the old adage that the lottery is a tax on people who are bad at math . ''
ugh i 'm really trying to be patient on this .
i do n't want to pay full price but ... i want it !
sadly no dc date but we do get a stwo/sammyg show the 23rd .
but i have job and times zones do n't match my day your night '' that kind of thing .
i 'm happy to fault reagan for pretty much anything i consider him the worst president in american history but i 'm thinking of 'three-strikes ' as it applies to clinton in these terms http articles.latimes.com/1995-08-20/news/mn-37177_1_federal-crime-bill .
it shows right there on the list next to his name with a little green triangle that he moved up one spot since the last list was published .
i grabbed interesting npcs which is great but that is still i feel limited .
i do have a tax deferred tira that i rolled a tiny 1300 401k into .
i also did a back door roth last year .
putting in 5500 nets me just about 80 tax free which is n't perfect but not horrible .
1 if i go to do another back door for 2016 will i again only get 80 tax free ?
when i file my taxes or at the time i moved the money into the roth account ?
if i were to roll over the tira into my current 401k tomorrow could my 2015 be 100 tax free ?
just wanted to say 98 of the time your are 100 right ...
but one fateful camping trip my boy tyler saved the god damn day .
our only package of one pound bacon was in the process of being cooked .
that sizzling combo of bacon fat and protein permeating our nostrils was finally nearing its beautiful completion when some asshat put the pan to the edge of the camp stove to cook some horse shit scrambled eggs and what happens ! ? !
the pan knew it was so god damn important that hungover day that it defied the laws of gravity and decided to fall in slow motion so that the godly hope that some heavenly angel would save the camping day breakfast .
without a hesitation fucking tyler reached his hand out when the pan was at a damn 80 degree angle to the dirty earthly ground .
the gov thinks they know russia was ready to launch some nukes ! ?
the fucking bacon was about to hit the fort .
real life was happening not your bullshit hypothetical end of the time its 1145 on the doomsday block .
that sweet heavenly angel grabbed the handle and precisely used the pans time manipulation to turn said handle catch all the bacon and the delicious liquod bacon flavor in one fell swoop without losing a drop .
this is n't necessarily justification and you make a valid point .
probably the reason an effect like this has never seen print .
i do n't talk in comms that much tbh so i hope it 's not me c
what else besides allegedly raping numerous women and using his position of power to intimidate women into sex ?
juggalo vlogs is the guy on the left if anyone does n't know .
i mostly got shit players from these packs but it still was fun building the best possible hybrid with those untradeable players .
please visit our recommendation wiki http www.reddit.com/r/fantasy/wiki/recommendations for tips that will help us to help you better !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fantasy if you have any questions or concerns .
wade had some nice plays but he just ruins our offense
i tend to tear water bottle coverings and my ex said that it 's a sign of sexual tension ... .
i 'm loving my orc bardbarian at the moment .
it 's such a silly and fun build and then we went mythic and things just got even more ridiculous and amazing .
i should by no right be alive as i 've been at deaths door a handful of times but luck has always been on my side and i 've just barely managed to live long enough to waste a days worth of healing to get me back up to full health .
it may sound fun at the time but ... never mind your life probably needs a little drama .
lost prevention does n't pay enough to lose a finger over .
it 's a multibillion corporation that cares so little for its employees that they have to set up donation bins so employees can help the less fortunate employees .
just call the police and hand over the video .
bonus i bet the worker ends up paying for the stitches and wal-mart will say their official policy is not to confront shop lifters wink wink .
i have n't been affected by the new shield system as much as some people claim .
personal messages stories questions and pictures are not allowed .
if you are not familiar with the subreddit rules you can read them here r/leagueoflegends/w/subredditrules .
have a question or think your post does n't break the rules ?
message the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fleagueoflegends or discuss it on leagueofmeta r/leagueofmeta .
thanks for the suggestion i 'm looking into them right now !
yeah i 've been wondering what else i can feed her .
currently i feed her either a snail or a thawed out bloodworm which she 'll nibble on but not enthusiastically eat .
i 've wanted to breed another species of snail for her to eat such as ramshorns but i have n't found any .
i 've heard about culturing freshwater amphipods too but i have no idea where to find them either .
if my lfs does indeed have blackworms i 'll definitely see if i can culture them .
also dang you manage to keep yours with amano shrimp ? !
i wanted to keep her with some kind of shrimp for cleanup but i 've seen her immediately attack and dismember the ghost shrimp i put in there to see if she 'll tolerate them !
their hardware is pretty solid and feature-rich they have extensive documentation about everything their certs are valued even in non-cisco shops .
they may cost more than others but you 're paying for all the bells and whistles all the support the reliability etc .
and also saving your engineers from having to learn a different cli .
terrible cli buggy lacking features very unreliable and terrible support from extreme networks .
last place i was at had a bunch of enterasys gear in older parts of the campus when i started it became my responsibility to handle all the rmas because those things were dropping like flies .
and handling rmas involved more than just opening a case providing info and waiting .
i had to keep following up repeatedly and once i waited 2 whole months for a replacement unit !
and in that time they sent a product that we did n't even use as the rma replacement .
uhhh yeah sure let me slap this wlc right in where that 48-port switch blade was .
also got several other rma units with physical damage packed in perfect-condition boxes .
i was so happy when we replaced all the enterasys gear with cisco stuff .
the last time i used a minishotgun was playing cortex command .
the thing had so much firepower that cover was n't a thing .
does n't matter i output enough boolit to tear a steel-reinforced concrete wall down in under 3 seconds .
252 some attack stat 252 speed 4 hp fits most pokemon .
and ivs apart from hidden power are always good so get them as high as possible .
the intricacies of battling come from the meta mind-games and team composition .
i can see a fenestellid bryozoan in the 2nd image and what is probably a mold of a rugose coral .
the spaces are where the original critters exoskeletons dissolved leaving the spaces .
the he still parties '' thing was a put-on .
he 's an old man and acts like one from what i 've read .
my dad used my straw bowl http i.imgur.com/fqhv8.jpg as a water bowl for the dog
from this year 's crop of delistings i would think these are under consideration .
i 'm not sure what the rules are for retired players coming back .
that 's only from the delisted crop this year .
how can you not be pleased with that ? !
reddit is basically the modern day version of yellow journalism .
that 's messed up then again that is most asian cultures .
out goes that left hip and you hit the ball anywhere you like '' has he ever played cricket ?
man this takes me back to the good old days of metalcore ... . as i lay dying unearth trivium bands that had tight as hell pedal notes and some lyrics about machines taking over or something .
yeah i came back from long hiatus and all my classes gears are way outdated whm still using glorious darklight gear lel .
we do the same thing with the food and the crows but only on the death anniversary puja .
dota2 players came off as the worst people i could imagine on earth
you can say i gots a million upvotes on a post '' and prove it exactly as you would with a link or comment .
it 's really silly that the main bad guy in commando wears a sleeveless chain mail shirt and has the body of an average middle aged dude .
it 's like he got drunk at ren fest before kidnapping arnold schwarzenegger 'a daughter or is in a terrible judas priest cover band .
yeah that does n't matter looks like the package is shipping by sea .
good luck on the battery lasting at least two weeks
they say that shit just to try and piss us off .
the passive aggressive oh we do n't care about you anyways '' is about all they 've been able to muster up on us the last 3 years .
as many team 's feathers we 've ruffled outside our division this year who we never play ... you think anyone actually buys that crock of bullshit from the saints and falcons after we 've won the division 3 years straight ?
you can tell how they talk about us that whole thing is a charade .
data from lunara patch multiple tournaments from gosu stats .
just showing heroes with both high win and contest rates .
i can send over some unruly interns left over from the uprising if you need to test it .
bonus points if they spell his name right or do n't get him mixed up with that courtesy clerk .
how would you feel if another football team moved to atlanta and copied the falcon 's colors ?
you would n't like it and you know it .
i 'm not saying that it 's all dedicated players who are still playing .
i am sure that the devoted fans are also sick of the glitches and have taken a break as well .
but your point about them not touching the game right now could n't ring more true .
the crucible is clearly broken and in desperate need of a fix .
i am also nearing to the point of not touching the game until they fix it .
this kind of feels like counter-strike surf/bhop meets mirrors edge d i 'd play this for sure !
how about you actually help him try to fix the problem ?
i personally never heard of this so i do n't know what to tell you .
yeah though i think there 's a floor on how low nodes can fall .
in fact the very idea that running a node is so crucial the only node that really matters is your own . ''
peter todd seems to ensure plenty of businesses will still do it all over the world .
lower the cannonball hits on the hitbox the higher they go .
lol okc its easy to use text to make u seem cooler
on tinder you need to show evidence through pictures for most of you that is hard because true personality comes out with lots of pictures.
the only thing i can think of as to why people would find this real is they tried to do the math and did n't know how many 0 's to put into the calculator
he was navy rising up to admiral then graduated to head of departments in intelligence .
i 'm all for more competition in this field .
these guys are the best part about summer in washington .
this item is already in the make at least with that passive .
the us also has provided positive effects and the negative ones are often shared across other countries .
my focus is mostly on the lower-sounding ranges of instruments bass tenor and alto range like cello guitar and double bass .
i loved a double bass but i will not be focusing on the bowing it 's more like it 's for blues and jazz .
sometimes it can go up to a price of a car !
your fellow trolls out in the world would miss you .
i agree about her spells falling off but i feel like she can be pretty scary if you build her as a right clicker after bkb and orchid .
i guess there are better heroes for that kind of role though .
i marked the post but in the future please mark your posts as completed this helps all users and the team here .
not only that you save some folks the disappointment of coming into a giveaway where their hopes are then dashed .
fortunately i have awesome customers who make it worthwhile and i love most of my coworkers .
i met one of my best friends at my job and i really did n't have any friends before i started this job because i 'm from another state and never really got a good chance to make friends until 4 years later .
i 'm working toward hr so it 's kind of like customer service but without the customers haha
as somebody who works in reatial im not really a fan of demonizing the opposition
the engine disintegration issue is n't that bad since they switched engines and planned to do so anyway regardless of the failure .
but their new engine could still be a problem for nasa since its also russian and if congress eventually decides to ban all russian engines on all launches like some of the crazier people have suggested could have its supply cut off at any time leaving them with both a crew and cargo vehicle no longer flyable
i saw you had to kill omega flowey so i assumed you needed to start the game over to get the pacifist ranking the next time .
pro life movement does n't want the right to decide they just want it illegal .
it would be rick ross ' yella diamonds for either scenario .
there 's just this special mode who 's played like explained above .
most people with common sense do n't even get near it as you said it 's a fifa most players just pick teams and kick the ball from their sofa while popping a joint with their mates .
for a limited time all existing elite dangerous players will receive a £10 loyalty discount plus the exclusive cobra mark iv ship when ordering the elite dangerous horizons through the frontier store .
therefore to existing cmdrs like the op horizons is priced at £30/€40 45 .
check currency exchange to find the best value to you in aud .
guys are always asking me to help pick a place to go .
they must have a sixth sense that i 'm pretty much a concierge for everyone else in my life lol .
hmm ... i would say go for something that speaks to a mutual hobby or ask her what she 's always wanted to do in the area but has n't gotten a chance to do yet .
one of the best date venue choices was by a guy who worked his way to the one cuisine i 've never tried when we got into a convo about being foodies .
we were n't compatible but i discovered i really like afghan food .
i 'd love to see an example of the problems '' exam !
so have you paid attention to what microsoft was doing in the 90s ?
look up fud and eee some time and tell me how competitive microsoft was and how they totally were n't rent-seeking parasites .
for the record i think i like your way better .
in bengali when you think something is absurd you would say ghorar deem '' which translates to horse 's egg .
barrier should shield for like 800 at level 18 but for 1 second instead of 2 .
my school had these because so many people would pull them .
usually you would have to pull it breaking a cylinder containing the ink .
you could not trigger the alarm without breaking the cylinder .
the ambrose asylum is open for business.. jesus christ how long before we get mauro on raw ?
we spent somewhere around 25k or so for our wedding .
and we saved a lot of money by buying all our suits and things at a tailor my mom knows in beijing 100 tailored suits !
and buying our liquor at duty free 's and our beer donated half price on a tent through a family member free videographer half price photographer reception location at my parents house free officiant free musicians man ... we got so many deals and still spent what i consider to be a buttload of money ...
but weddings are weird in their politics and everyone has to be invited and blah blah blah .
it 's funny that we worry so much about romanian corruption polluting our precious bodily fluids schengen and at the same time we let people from the most corrupt countries on the planet http www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2013/12/five-arab-states-top-most-corrupt-list-201312353328911685.html cross schengen borders at will often with the assistance of organised crime .
and whether you 're for it or against it i think most rational thinking people agree that it 's here to stay
the most badass thing to ever come out of poland is the winged hussars .
imo pub should just be not balanced at all .
go in 8vs8 pubs only no bullshit no pressure just quick random play .
5vs5 unranked with normal mm matching 5vs5 ranked soloduo and 5vs5 teams .
i have also gotten this response at least 5 times when dating during the end of summer and fall last year .
people place a lot of emphasis on an immediate spark '' nowadays and if it ai n't there off the bat they bail .
i 'm of the mind that this is something that can grow with time spent .
my response was always i 'm not interested in just friendship but take care . ''
v6 mustang it makes coming out of the closet super easy !
also sorry to go off topic but is there some sort of rule on this sub that only one marvel studios post can appear on the front page at once ?
it 's just that now that this post about black panther 's appeared the one about '67 characters appearing in infinity war ' https www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/40iegn/according_to_the_russo_brothers_avengers_infinity appears to have completely disappeared from the sub .
i swear it was here half an hour ago but now i ca n't even find it going through 'new ' .
i do n't want to sound like a conspiracy nut but i 'm getting damn confused by this sub .
mouseover or click to view the metric conversion for this comment http fiddle.jshell.net/convertstometric/xhk4y5h5/show/light ? 30 20feet 20 209.1 20m 0a 30 feet 9.1 m
by the way my husband and i have a pull out child !
funny story i go search legal advice and my brother has already asked about it
it took 2 games to kill with the upthrow .
the first game i almost had it vs a pac man but we went into sudden death .
for the zss i decided to try it mid match because i was up and since there was another person in the lobby i wanted to put a funny show for them so i did it that first game .
you have an awesome price and i want this so bad but i 'm gon na have to pass .
my dad 57 as of last week 5'9 '' used to be 5'10 '' mexican a bit fatter than he should be but he 's also a bricklayer 40 years so he 's incredibly strong as well .
he never played any sports in high school but he got in lots of fights well into his 30 's .
proven feats can lift bricks for 8 hours a day 5 days a week .
got in a car wreck head-on collision with a tree and ran away without getting caught .
claimed feats threw a picnic table at a guy in a fight .
round 1 i might have to give it to my dad .
i do n't know what your dad does for a living but my dad 's job requires a fair bit of physical effort .
he 's pretty tough and a bit bigger than your dad .
your dad has some combat training but my dad 's not exactly a novice fighter .
round 2 if we say they were at their peak in their early 20 's i think your dad would have a chance .
they 'd both be in better shape than they are now .
my dad would still have reach but your dad is pretty well-trained and the size difference would n't be enough to negate that .
round 3 my dad 's chess skills suggest he might be smarter than your dad .
your dad went to college though so it 's hard to tell who is smarter .
if your dad is smarter and he can beat anyone smarter than him he gets it 10/10 .
if not i think my dad would win 6/10 .
he 'd just throw something huge at your dad and crush him .
yes if you have phasma as lead then any action can trigger a bonus attack buff debuff heal taunt whatever .
do n't recall seeing anything official on whether it was intended or not though .
league got the memo the non calls were too obvious maybe ?
my nm has terrible social skills but was still is for being almost 70 attractive white obviously from a college educated middle class background and interacts in a very superficially flirtatious charming way with men .
she 'd get in the good graces of some married male superior at her work and even though all the other female clerical workers would gossip about her according to her she 'd have a friendship '' with the married guy where they 'd go out to dinner alone and things like that .
i think that 's partly how she got by although the main reason is her job is unionized .
ginny but harry you know his hair is red ...
thanks to u/streakuhc for allowing me to host on his server !
•provider kzn hosting https www.kznhosting.net/clients/aff.php ? aff=9 click it as it helps lightly pay for the server
•meetup:30 minutes border shrinks to 100 x 100 as soon as it 's meetup
tripleores ores drop 3 of the type of ore instead of 1
had to remove inf enchanter since it is not currently on the server sorry .
the house is full of food but i 've either already eaten it today or it sounds awful .
a grilled cheese does n't sound bad but i 'd have to wash a pan and cook and wait and ...
i just do n't want to be hungry right now okay ?
i 'm a second year grad student and submitted the application for my final shot at an nsf grfp in the fall .
i just found out that two papers on which i 'm a coauthor have been submitted for publication and i 'm wondering if there 's any mechanism for updating my fellowship application to reflect this .
i 'm so sick of seeing all these women against porn groups and fight the new drug '' bullshit on facebook .
is there some group that women who do n't view porn as an inherently degrading evil thing can join ?
i want my super religious acquaintances to know i support porn as part of a healthy sexual lifestyle .
for a while now i 've been thinking of getting the game but i 'm still kind of dubious about it for a few reasons so some insight from an owner of one of the games would be great !
my computer is n't crazy good but can play a lot of decent games at low graphics warframe csgo amnesia etc. .
the thing is though i 've heard that it takes a decent pc in order to play them stalker games .
is this true or would my computer be fine ?
i unfortunately do n't know much about pcs so i ca n't really explain what my graphics card etc .
i presume that the game has a story that it follows and i 'd prefer to start on the first game but then again if one of the later ones is superior then should i perhaps get that instead ?
finally is there anything i should know about the game before jumping in gameplay-wise or other ?
i know the game is about as forgiving as a rocket to the face but if you have any tips on how to survive a couple minutes i 'd greatly appreciate it .
thanks in advance for any information you give me !
hey guys i just found out that my plan to take calculus 2 math 227 during summer at sfsu was n't going to happen because they do n't offer it .
i heard it 's way better to just take classes at city does anyone know the steps to take to enroll and or to check if the credits would transfer ?
hey guys so my girlfriend is graduating from university of southern california with a master 's in social work .
she has been doing it online through their virtual academic center .
we were n't sure that we were going to be able to go to her graduation and watch her walk across the stage .
but we managed to scrape enough money together and were able to book a really cheap trip with a nice hotel for wednesday may 11th through tuesday may 16th .
her ceremony is friday may 13th but other than that we have the rest of the week to do as many things as we like .
we would appreciate any ideas of free or cheap things to do in l.a. san francisco and near the redwoods where we will be spending a day or two .
some of our interests include science modern art photography music national parks hippie culture hole in the wall restaurants oddities/strange things and alternative lifestyle clubs and events .
any help would be appreciated and thanks in advance .
i 'm looking for stories true or otherwise about people going insane in during isolation or long voyages in hostile locations .
i 'm looking for things along the lines of heart of darkness or the worst journey in the world .
i plan on buying all the books in the series but i 've heard that some of the later books are n't as good and in the end are n't worth the read .
is this true or is it just a vocal minority ?
like to discuss involving the world of business from a christian perspective at any level please do n't hesitate to fellowship with us !
we 'd love to hear what 's going on in your world and would be blessed to begin a community here where we can have an iron sharpening iron dynamic !
the girlfriend and i were waiting for a show to load so i said i 'm gon na go to the bathroom '' .
she says ok i 'm gon na look at r/parrots '' and i reply with we do n't have any parrots '' .
i just want to thank the mods and pretend like they are extremely important to humanity 's existence .
we 're seeing a lot of posts relating to regular journalism in here lately .
though it 's good that we want to denounce breaches of journalistic ethics i feel like it 's pushing kia away from its niche which is video game journalism .
is it time for a subreddit about ethics in journalism in general ?
there is background music i really like in owarimonogatari at 10:05 on episode 9 when they are talking to gaen
i would like to download this track for later listening but i have no clue where to find it and am inexperienced with finding such things .
hello i was wondering if anyone here could recommend songs like my favorites to me .
here they are anti-pioneer feist the greatest cat power full circle half moon run
the sound is incredibly low so if you could crank up the volume thatd be great .
it was playing during a segment on the radio from mike mike .
i 'm really excited but also nervous because i 've had three miscarriages before all 10 weeks and below .
i have been having quick sharp pains all around my uterus and all the way down to my pubic bone .
they are random pains and not severe enough for me to double over or anything .
i was wondering if any of you remember having similar pains ?
i do n't want to be dramatic but i also do n't know when to worry .
i feel like this is just normal stretching of the uterus but this is the furthest i 've gotten in pregnancy before so i have nothing to compare the discomfort to .
hello i 'm looking to roleplay based in a comic-verse !
you do n't have to be a specific person or even someone that 's well known .
you could play a character that you entire want to make up !
i 'm not against futa-or girl on girl and if you 're a guy-try your best at playing a gal ?
so will we be the roommates living together with one of us as a nighthawk and the other a civilian whom you befriended and helps you out with her job at the police station/mega-evil corp ?
maybe we 're two celebrities at each other 's throats ?
this is an automatic summary original http www.aol.com/article/2016/01/12/obama-puts-biden-in-mission-control-of-new-push-to-cure-cancer/21296341 reduced by 34 .
washington president barack obama tasked vice president biden to run quot mission control quot on a very personal mission for him a quot moonshot quot to cure cancer which killed biden 039 s son beau earlier this year .
quot last year vice president biden said that with a new moonshot america can cure cancer .
last month he worked with this congress to give scientists at the national institutes of health the strongest resources they 039 ve had in over a decade quot obama said to a bipartisan standing ovation one of the strongest of the night .
quot tonight i 039 m announcing a new national effort to get it done .
and because he 039 s gone to the mat for all of us on so many issues over the past forty years i 039 m putting joe in charge of mission control .
for the loved ones we 039 ve all lost for the family we can still save let 039 s make america the country that cures cancer once and for all quot he said to another rousing cheer .
biden 039 s elder son beau the former attorney general of delaware died last spring after a long battle with brain cancer .
but it 039 s also personal for nearly every american and millions of people around the world .
we all know someone who has had cancer or is fighting to beat it .
they 039 re our family friends and co-workers quot biden says in the post .
quot over the next year i will lead a dedicated combined effort by governments private industry researchers physicians patients and philanthropies to target investment coordinate across silos and increase access to information for everyone in the cancer community . ''
summary source http smmry.com/http www.aol.com/article/2016/01/12/obama-puts-biden-in-mission-control-of-new-push-to-cure-cancer/21296341 faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 21074 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords biden 1 cancer 2 year 3 president 4 last 5
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
i just finished a toque and realized i forgot to use a smaller set of needles for the ribbing .
now it 's really loose and it gets looser the more i wear it .
the only way i can think to shrink it is to get it wet and put it in the dryer it 's 80 pure wool .
washing instructions for the yarn is hand wash warm and lay flat to dry .
if the game bugs out saying you 're at max runes when your hero is n't pick some mats and click charge anyway .
it 'll go through and fix the ui issue .
for so long i thought a couple heroes were just permanently stuck and unable to go to 50 lol ...
accessing the rune page after opening other ui is still broken always requires a relog to fix .
i 'm fairly new to pc gaming so please forgive any ignorances or wrong terms i may use .
but i 'm looking for an open world i think that 's the term where you do n't have to collect stuff .
i really like large world games but most of the ones i 've played fallout 4 witcher 3 i felt like i spent half of the game looking at the ground collecting stuff .
gta v and just cause 3 i enjoyed very much as there was n't any of this .
so any games similar to those you could recommend would be great
did n't really think about it but showing that is really interesting .
edit also interesting that swiftness boots is quite popular in game 1 .
these are some stills http adaddysboi.tumblr.com/post/131064375304/shaving-day-always-gets-a-little-messy-oops of the video .
i 'm thinking about building a rather cheap pc for work programming and web browsing .
i 'd like to use two full hd screens or maybe even 1920x1200 .
and i wonder if the i3 and the intel hd graphics 5500 can handle it .
it would basically need to run a text editor on one screen and a web browser on the other .
i hope someone here tried something like that and i 'd like to know your experience with it .
russian translation of the description in playmarket is bad and make me cry with the blood tears .
i killed 12 king black dragons which were once the biggest meanest dragons around .
how do i unlock the lv35 poe on my new character made during ttk ? ...
i 'm rep 1 with variks and the queen .
i used a spark of light to get to lv25 and unlock many old missions .
edit 2 i did the mission queen 's ransom '' on venus and all 3 poe unlocked !
side-note to future readers i did complete poe 28 before doing the mission as well
it all started with me looking for something in my wall unit when all of the sudden i saw a couple of video tapes that were foreign to me .
i checked the titles and they were xxx movies .
along with that there are also a couple of older porn magazines .
i 'm not sure why my parents would 've done this .
i do own a couple of playboy magazines from older eras cuz i think that stuff is neat but other then that i show really no signs that i own or watch porn .
prices are firm will not sell for under asking price .
please check out our steam group here http steamcommunity.com/groups/eandmquicksells for future 85 quicksells !
1 let 's check if the inequality holds for n=1
2 suppose the inequality holds for some n i.e .
3 let 's prove that if our assumption is true then the following must also be true 2^n+1 n+1 2 2 n+1 2
now we have to prove that 2 n^2 2n+2 n+1 2 2 n+1 2
n is in the interval infinity 1 u 3 infinity
so from this last inequality i got that our statement 2^n n^2 2n+2 is not true for n=2 .
would someone care to explain what 's going on here ?
this is more of a general coding question i guess but after reading a bit i 'm still kind of confused about ides and distros .
i 'm currently looking at 2 things pycharm and python x y .
the way i see it pycharm is where i am able to visualize and write my code but pycharm itself does n't get into the compiling and package business .
and python x y has some libraries/packages/whatever already installed so it does compiling and package business .
but it also does the visualizing and writing code stuff as well .
and if so could i use the compiling and library aspect of python x y but the text editing aspect of pycharm or sublime ?
i 'm asking because i was looking to try out scikit-learn http scikit-learn.org/stable/index.html but i could n't get the regular python installation to install numpy and scipy .
i want to start off by clarifying i do not myself have autism or know anyone directly who does my only knowledge comes from reading stories and articles and a few basic explanations of autism from high school psychology so if this idea is absolutely stupid then please let me know and why so i can better understand .
i came across an idea when i saw some information on microsoft 's project oxford https www.projectoxford.ai/emotion and wondered if it could help people who have trouble interpreting emotions and subtle social queues in others which is meant to be something that occurs with autism .
the basic premise would be that someone who has as can use a piece of technology that is/is similar to google glass with implemented software that picked up on facial patterns/tone of voice/body langue to interpret emotions of other people around them .
microsoft 's software could be used to interpret facial emotions i 'm sure there is similar stuff for voice and body language if not then developing these would be part of this project .
for example of how it could be implemented a colour scale could be used to simplify emotions and a legend could be used so hopefully if the technology worked then an example would be that the top left corner has a circle which changed colour based on the person in focus 's body language angry red blue sad yellow happy etc etc .
obviously the emotional spectrum is a little more complicated but perhaps there could be indicators for more subtle things like sarcasm or encouragement too .
there are some assumptions that i 'm going off and these are
that people who have autism actually do have trouble interpreting these things
whether seeing what emotion others are displaying would actually help understand it
confirming or rejected and commenting on those assumptions would be helpful .
otherwise any feedback on the idea or the premise would be extremely helpful as well .
i 'm not ruling out the idea that i 'm a less-then-stellar streamer but i just lost about 30 followers in the span of five hours dipping my count from 410 to 380 .
i noticed the counter was acting a little wonky earlier too so maybe it 's twitch that 's messing up .
i 'm just curious if anyone else has experienced this issue within the past 24 hours .
if not then maybe my initial claim is n't too far fetched !
has anybody been noticing that when coming to a full stop the car will lunge forward ?
it seems that it 's switching from 3rd gear to 1st and always skipping 2nd .
my girlfriend needs to get out of bed one-two hours before me .
even if she does n't snooze which she normally does she always wakes me up leaving me to choose between getting up two hours before my normal waking time and going back to sleep risking sleep inertia .
do they pull that information from an international passport network ?
atm i have my boyarsky 's chip rank 16 28.8k thorns equipped and my details says i have a total of 152k thorns .
when i unequip my thorns drops down to 127k for a split second before dropping further to 109k .
when i equip the chip again it says i have 177k thorns before i drop down back to 152k .
edit thorns goes wonky if i add/remove other items with thorns on it too .
i was feeling so bad recently that i was starting to let my life fall apart .
house is a wreck i stopped showering neglecting finances and i stopped wanting to work for me neglecting work is a key indicator something is wrong as its the only thing that makes me happy
my psychiatrist had known things were going down hill for a while and he convinced me to try the meds again over the weekend .
they seem to work so far i feel a bit more like being alive now .
i just wanted to suggest that anyone who is having serious problems get help ! it really does work .
i am happy to answer any questions about meds or psychiatrists any one might have .
it 's got this rainbow pixelation going on randomly across the display .
sometimes the display goes black for 3 seconds then it comes back .
when i disconnect gpu and use the igpu the output is perfectly normal using the same cables .
i set the appropriate resolution i already installed latest drivers from nvidia .
starting from about about 1.5 months ago i started crashing in an online game path of exile with an initial error message of visual c runtime error '' and then some personalised error for the game .
however i also started getting these runtime errors in some other games such as ys 1 2 chronicles and revolver360 re actor which leads me to think it 's an issue on my end .
what i have done is uninstall then re-install all of the visual c redistributables found on the microsoft website from 2005 to 2015 in both 32 and 64-bit .
but i am still getting errors every now and then .
i have also done a sfc scannow and chkdsk but nothing has changed my situation .
also since all of these games are on steam i have done a file integrity check but nothing was found .
my specs are windows 7 professional 64-bit intel i7-4790 16gb of ram radeon hd r9 270 graphics realtek hd audio .
any help that can point in the direction i need to go is greatly appreciated as this is getting quite irritating .
if you happen to be in central pa or can make it to the event feel free to join our team !
if you would like to just donate that 's okay as well !
you can donate with your name shown or 100 anonymously ! !
is it just me or the tool https dobruj01.github.io/clicker-lister is no longer working ?
dobruj01.github.io/:1 mixed content the page at 'https dobruj01.github.io/clicker-lister ' was loaded over https but requested an insecure stylesheet 'http fonts.googleapis.com/css ? family=droid+sans ' .
this request has been blocked the content must be served over https .
dobruj01.github.io/:1 mixed content the page at 'https dobruj01.github.io/clicker-lister ' was loaded over https but requested an insecure script 'http crypto-js.googlecode.com/svn/tags/3.1.2/build/rollups/md5.js ' .
this request has been blocked the content must be served over https .
content_exec_bank.js:183 typeerror can not read property 'length ' of undefined ... ''
just wan na ask how muji basic tees fit ?
i tried my hand at uniqlo supima shirts and found that i was stuck between small and medium couldnt find a size that fit me well .
since muji is aesthetically/conceptually similar to uniqlo i decided to take a look at theirs i love the minimalist/unbranded concept tbh .
would a muji tee fit a scrawny 5'4 '' asian dude with short arms ?
notice the capital letters r and g they are i think the unique characters .
here 's the golden state warriors post https fbcdn-sphotos-c-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xpa1/v/t1.0-9/12509655_10153946708192526_2861393997600466956_n.jpg ? oh=3b474891f5e4a9d1cecca5eb7875a105 oe=573953fd gda__=1464456683_df9c07ce5700e9e037d5b986a1a48316 and this post by richard branson https fbcdn-sphotos-b-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xap1/t31.0-8/s960x960/12469493_10153368846885872_8401235885982688736_o.jpg .
i do n't understand everyone is just saying its a business '' in response to any post questioning an oceanic server but so many other games actually have them even small new or even indie companies .
this is my first post on this subreddit and i thought i would share a few things i 've learned about myself this past week and offer help to those that need it .
my name is austen rodgers and i 'm a self-published author and love gaming .
this last weekend i felt more depressed than i have been in a very long time .
over the past month i 've hardly been able to write 2,000 words in that time really low .
this built up to the point of this last weekend where i was right at the precipice of giving up on everything .
i 'm in my last year of my bfa and will have to begin making payments this next year so i 've had this increasing pressure to work at my day job more and begin making payments .
i bought life is feudal and in a matter of three/four days i put in 38 hours of game time gave up even trying to write and decided to myself that i was no longer interested in pushing to begin planning my wedding do n't get me wrong we have no relationship problems we 're just broke and i 'm tired of waiting resulting in my 'give up ' attitude .
i have this one project that i started working on in july right after the release of my first book .
about a month into it i gave up on it feeling that the piece was too complicated for my own skill and i would end up screwing up what i believe to be an amazing story .
so add that feeling of failure on top of everything .
it is completely stupid of me to have ever given up on that story .
i 've heard it time and time again just write it there is always another draft to fix your mistakes . ''
yet i seemed to have forgotten that piece of advice these past months .
knowing full-well that i have incoming student loan debt i decided that i 'm going to go down swinging .
i hate my day job it 's monotonous and boring .
even though the risk of no return for spending this next year working on this book from scratch is so high i refuse to walk down the path of using my degree to get me a job for someone else .
even if it means that i end up being financially screwed .
i 'm now on a good pace to have the first draft completed by the time i graduate and loving this revitalized surge in creativity .
i 'm not stressing myself about following all the industry standards i 'm just writing it how i want to and not panicking myself to oblivion .
we all love being taken away to some fictitious place and away from our problems .
sometimes we need it desperately to get through the day .
i 'd like to offer those of you fighting depression a copy of my book i know it 's not a game .
but hopefully i can give someone some respite in the most personal way that i can .
you can find my novel here https www.goodreads.com/book/show/24598744-the-book-of-a-few and you can pm me your address if you 're interested .
i 've also just began playing some swtor on the jung ma server if anyone is interested in playing with me .
tldr realized that my low self esteem resulted in me holding myself back and spiraling into a heavy gaming binge .
want to help others by giving away copies of my novel .
hey guys im still learning how to program and i 've came up with this simple simulator .
i created this just to see how many tickets it would take to match all 6 numbers in the power ball lottery .
what are some ways i can do to improve it ?
i could n't figure out how to generate numbers without repetition correctly so what i did was load an array with numbers and then shuffled them .
the program works when the while loop matchcounter expression is set to 5 or lower but when it set to 6 it never completes .
maybe cause the probability of getting all 6 is so high ?
cout match all 6 numbers and win 1.5 billion dollars ! ''
void fillarrayballs fills whiteball and powerball arrays with numbers .
just spams 'whoopsw looks like something went wrong ' when i click update ?
for a reason still unknown even to herself brooke had decided to bring her guitar with her today .
it 's not like she wanted to use it anywhere near school .
she was afraid of her skills which she only had showed zoe .
but she seemed very happy about her singing and playing skills .
one way or another zoe 's critique even if greatly appreciated and really important to both her head and her heart was not enough to get a true metric on her progress .
to show the world she could play instead of simply being able to brag about it .
she did n't even believed that such things were to be interpreted as messages .
i used to think that i knew you but now i do n't know anymore
she liked the song but still wondered why that song appeared on her mind .
she found herself in front of the fountain and decided to sit on it .
but she did n't need to use her phone anymore and soon enough everything sounded in key .
she began to pluck the chords quickly matching them to the key of the song she had in her mind .
she began to sing https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=nijwsmymhsm escaping the song trapped in her mind to the world .
when i was naked in the palm of your hand
im mainly interested in pures but i can also consider item offers
this is an automatic summary original http www.marketwatch.com/story/gold-stages-another-false-mini-rally-2016-01-13 ? dist=beforebell reduced by 61 .
they argue that a bottom in prices won 039 t be in place until there is a lot more pessimism and despair among gold-market participants .
consider the average recommended gold-market exposure level among short-term gold timers .
the occasion for this big jump was a rally of over 40 in the price of gold bullion which was enough to persuade long-suffering gold investors that happy days were here again .
as i wrote a month ago when i last devoted a column to gold-market sentiment a more enduring gold-market bottom isn 039 t likely to occur until the gold market timers quot throw in the towel in a big way and then remain stubbornly bearish in the face of the initial rally off a low. quot notwithstanding the past month 039 s volatility of course gold today is virtually unchanged from where it was when i wrote that month-ago column .
they analyzed gold 039 s historical behavior during periods of inflation hyperinflation currency devaluations geopolitical chaos and so forth and found that during those periods gold just as often fell as it rose .
gold traders 039 arguments to the contrary are therefore just more evidence of their eagerness to turn bullish .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.marketwatch.com/story/gold-stages-another-false-mini-rally-2016-01-13 ? dist=beforebell faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 21148 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords gold 1 more 2 gold-market 3 trading 4 during 5
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
i have heard that the cumulative effects of meditation over months are more considerably than what would be the result if one were to meditate sporadically and without consistency .
essentially if you meditate day after day over the long term the more pronounced the effect .
the calm '' or zen '' state you would get that lasts for say 4-8 hours after meditating becomes more of a permanent resting state .
so i would like to know if you have noticed a strong changes when comparing your mental abilities and focus from when you first started meditating till now .
i am posting this in r/nootropics because i am more concerned with the mental enhancement side of meditative practices .
is there a place that i can download the documentation for 3dsmax in particular ?
i am aware downloads for maya documentation are available on this page https knowledge.autodesk.com/support/maya/learn-explore/caas/cloudhelp/cloudhelp/enu/123112/files/maya-archives-html.html but i 'm wondering if there is a consolidated file that includes everything on that page .
3dsmax in the meantime has everything hosted on a webpage.. which is problematic when i 'm trying to do work without a stable internet connection .
hey guys i come from eve where scams are part of everyday life and fully endorsed by the developers .
has cig come out and said what level of in game scamming would be allowed ?
i 'm not talking like passwords or real money being stolen i am talking about that you buy a super overpriced item because you did n't look at it correctly or slow enough energy you bought it .
so we all have those annoying niggling questions about being a gay lady that we 've been too embarrassed to ask in the past because we feel like we should know or it 's just too awkward .
let 's open up this no-judgement zone and let the stupid questions fly !
jon wolf in his cunning and dangerous ways often goes into hotels even one 's he is not currently residing and puts do not disturb '' signs on random doors forcing the innocent hotel guests to come back to their rooms in the same dreadful conditions they left it that morning .
do the odds change because these numbers were used in a tv show vs being just a random set of numbers ?
i 'm assuming when the time comes google will pick amp versions up by using a rel tag ?
to those who 're not familiar with the paper towel analogy http vitals.lifehacker.com/the-paper-towel-analogy-explains-why-weight-loss-is-a-1733478690
called the paper towel analogy this is a brilliant way to really put the whole process of weight loss in a great and healthier perspective the lesson to be learned is that fat like paper towels comes off in sheets .
and when you are big around that fat is spread over a much larger area just like that outside towel sheet .
the closer you get to the lean you the more each lost pound of fat shows because it is spread over a smaller area .
while the outside sheet may only cover 1 layer of the roll the inside sheet may go around 4 times .
that last sheet looks like it gives you 4 times the results of the first sheet but in reality the results are the same your perception is just different !
after going through my older progress photos i noticed that the analogy holds true for me in a real way .
i still looked rather fat for the first 6 months or so but all of the sudden it looked like i shed most of my weight towards the last few months .
which i know is n't true as my rate of weight loss has been steadily dropping off since i started .
so here is the gif of my 92 lbs lost over 10 months http imgur.com/myk7cin
i 'll be posting new progress pictures once i get to my next goal which should be around the 1 year mark
i wrote a messsage and sent it and a link attached itself to my message .
if you remove some letters and rearrange some letters in preston garvey you get person gravy
how come the 'make link/text post ' buttons only show apples and grapes and not 'is this food ? '
it is necessary to remove sound from the c4 but the installation can only be close to the wall not as throwing grenades as now .
then the gameplay will be interesting and the iq will be useful and not her only .
you can also remove the red screws from kapkan .
i have been thinking lately the problem of evil for me is resolved through god 's mercy in the afterlife and triumph in the second coming but what about the problem of hell ?
do humans who commit finite sins really deserve infinite punishment ?
is the existence of hell compatible with the idea of an omnibenevolent god ?
i know some bad people really deserve punishment in the afterlife but should their punishments be eternal ?
every time i see a challenge it 's about to end ...
tittle i am not paying 94k for patternless 0.04 float one
i used to be a christian from the age of around 13 to the age of around 22/23 i was a christian .
i am now 26 and have really started to look at things and question things rather than simply having faith .
i think it 's important to intellectually understand things and have a solid grasp on what you believe and why you believe it .
while i do n't think you can get the answer to every question you 'll ever come up with i found the you just have to have faith '' response i got from pastors and other christians a little patronising .
after doing some studying and research i have some huge issues with the trinity for example early believers did n't understand the concept of the trinity and i do n't believe jesus taught about a triune god .
jesus himself professed the jewish shema which says very clearly god is one .
i can understand people stating that the trinity also believes in one god but three in one persons but again from my interpretations of jesus ' teachings he never clearly got at this anywhere .
like i said the trinity was n't a wide spread belief amongst jesus ' followers or early christians .
i also strongly believe god is never changing he remains the same yesterday today and forever .
a reoccurring theme of god 's nature is that he is very clear about things .
he does n't leave confusion for his followers he is n't mystical he has communicated with his creation clearly throughout the whole bible .
i believe if god wanted us to believe he was a triune god he would n't let a detail like this be left open to speculation or debate he 'd make it abundantly clear .
looking at how jesus prayed and asked that the cup he was given be taken away from him how he stated that no one but god is good so why call him good all of these statements and actions clearly tell me that jesus never implied to be god .
i believe in god and i love god i believe in jesus and love jesus but i ca n't not turn my back on the clear evidence that is in front of my eyes the trinity is a huge huge problem for me .
any help advice or words of wisdom would be much appreciated .
when i go into my lys and buy yarn the owner winds it for me .
the ball of yarn is perfect tightly wound stays wound while knitting beautiful .
when i go to my favourite yarn store about an hour away with gorgeous yarns and colours i usually end up winding the yarn myself because the store is so busy .
my yarn ends up being gross stringy twisted parts and pieces everywhere .
i do n't know what i am doing wrong .
the farther away yarn store has given me multiple tutorials .
i 've cut the ties and such off properly under close supervision .
i 've wound at least 25 balls of yarn and they are all quite embarrassing .
therefore my question is ... what techniques lead to a delightfully wound ball of yarn ?
just purchased the steelseries siberia x100 for the xbox one and i have friends telling me the microphone output is very low .
i cant see any settings on my control saying that its connected and dont know how to change the microphone output volume any help would be greatful .
so basically i am 32 years old ivy league grad but everything went down from age 21 .
i went to undergrad and graduate school biology phd but did not finish .
i basically got into a fight 10 years ago got a misdemeanor so i am not employable anywhere in the usa .
school never asked about misdemeanor when some guys told them about it they found a way to kick me out .
i tried a few 1000 times to get a normal job no luck with that .
thats fine i already been through the job application process here and had it stop at the misdemeanor many times navy universities companies .
maybe i could work at mcdonalds or something but i need a normal job with benefits and salary .
so i went into business sold it last year for a decent amount then opened another one convenience store that i went out of business with quickly .
i sold the 2nd for a loss and now i am ready to re-join the work force .
i am learning computer programming since being unskilled '' is not going to work .
my main programming experience is having a website like freelancer and a couple apps built for me in the past 2 years .
as far as the criminal record i will be leaving the usa and i will work abroad so my background wont affect me there china or similar country .
aside from starting with code academy everything else seems kind of open to me .
i dont have any friends my wife left me in the summer so i dont really have anyone to ask .
i google everything it seems like python js and java are the most important things to learn along with lamp .
but i am not sure so that is why i am asking .
i would like to learn everything in 3 months at least enough to be employable .
i am free i can do this 16-18 hours a day .
i would appreciate any help and i do not mind mean spirited or discouraging comments either .
sometimes it feels good to unload on someone who you feels deserves it so thats fine i can find something good in anything .
i already had like the worst year ever lol broken jaw from assault even last month wires just came out 4 weeks ago so really i am not worried about it .
is there any ielts rule that prevents examinees from going back to the contents to check certain facts for answers in the questionnaire ?
like do not turn to the previous page/s when you are answering the questionnaire '' ?
does anyone know who the fuck is the mutant guy with the metal dick who tortures dead people in the most recent series ?
i know there 's only one episode left but does anyone who or what that thing is .
it ca n't be gaga 's baby cos we saw the baby in an earlier episode ? ?
i ca n't figure out how to make a successful piping system in thaumcraft 5.1 .
does anyone have pictures of theirs or does anyone have any suggestions ?
i only have t3 runes so bring your own if you want to do lower tiers .
i have n't played rs in i think around 5 or 6 years .
i 've been watching this guy tony rsgoldandglory on twitch and it 's making me want to try the again .
it 's basically all i did once i was a high enough level .
is using lazy t in this manner fine if the indexer is used often maybe 50 times a second ?
i 'm wondering if that is resource intensive creating a local lazy t instance like that every time should i be doing the check for cached values first for a bit longer of code but a bit more efficient in situations like this ?
awp dragon lore steam rungame/730/76561202255233023/+csgo_econ_action_preview 20s76561198088185271a4782924639d2463159109521020963 minimal wear 0.098384418 http imgur.com/a/l5w2v 578 570 keys just awesomely clean look
★ m9 bayonet night steam rungame/730/76561202255233023/+csgo_econ_action_preview 20s76561198088185271a4809042042d16575756554924292420 field-tested 0.16464372 49 keys 47 https www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensivetrade/comments/40pl89/store_mw_lore_m9_cw_mw_and_many_other_smaller/cyw3lnb very bta and clean !
★ flip knife slaughter steam rungame/730/76561202255233023/+csgo_econ_action_preview 20s76561198088185271a4809018411d775752515956577511 minimal wear 0.104488954 http imgur.com/nacsegp 55 keys heart pattern !
★ bayonet fade steam rungame/730/76561202255233023/+csgo_econ_action_preview 20s76561198088185271a4808900416d11549167392876905382 factory new 0.008527441 105 keys 85 fade and very clean and bta !
★ m9 bayonet doppler steam rungame/730/76561202255233023/+csgo_econ_action_preview 20s76561198088185271a4806762861d14027074614676633578 factory new 0.03514668 130 blue as an waflle !
43 5 x m4a1-s hyper beast field-tested vary 6 keys each !
looking for long term buyer for low tier popular items such as vulcan hypers cyrexs etc .
looking mainly for keys but accepting item offers aswell 85 rate !
the fastest way to trade is the steam offer but you can also reply here or add to discuss with me my list might be full tho .
does anyone know of a reputable site that offers good reviews for different models ?
specifically i 'm looking to see how durable a 2014 chevrolet spark is .
it 's in good condition and i 'm a very good driver so i 'm not looking for monster truck quality .
schedule a time where most of us could watch at the same time and either tweet with a hashtag or start a reddit .
name is dominic and i am 16 years old and i love computers and am taking a computer programming class in python .
i enjoy it for the most part however i have a few questions .
it might just be that i 'm starting out but i often find writing code a huge pain in the ass as often i 'll spend a while working on something and it wont work .
i know that once you have been doing it for a while it gets easier but still .
i think i know the answer but often i will be assigned a program and wo n't have a goddamn clue on how to do it .
truthfully when will i start writing real cool useful applications ?
how do i blend the aspects of loops input print statements etc to make a working app such as a social network ?
parked on n. mississippi right across from ecliptic brewing at 5:00 pm on january 9th for 45 minutes grabbed dinner at por que no and came back to find two windows smashed in my chevy suburban .
i noticed 6 other piles of broken glass on the street after the fact so i know this is an ongoing problem .
please let me know if you have information that may help me find my gear or the individual s responsible .
stolen gear 4 bags were stolen a large blue duffel a black patagonia duffel a blue patagonia backpack and a red backpack .
the bags were filled with high end ski gear patagonia arcteryx marmot phenix etc that amounted to thousands of dollars worth of ski gear/clothing plus a macbook air and accessories .
if you have any information please contact officer james mcclain of the portland police bureau at 503-823-0000 regarding case 2016-900490 .
even without the support of his pack scott considers what the dread doctors ' success means for beacon hills .
please remember the other rules specifically do n't post any illegal live streams if you must do it in pm 's do n't hate on other people because of their opinions and do n't down-vote because you do n't agree .
i 'm looking for advice/sanity check for cabling the below gear .
my roku3 currently connects to the tv via hdmi .
i 'm adding a receiver into the mix soon .
the roku should send video to the tv and audio to the receiver .
with that in mind what is the best way to cable the three devices ?
1 connect both the tv and roku to the receiver via hdmi .
2 connect the roku to the tv via hdmi and the tv to the receiver via s/pdif or arc
click here to claim your prize https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ijujizgiemi
i 'm guessing little ani got hurt in practice or something ?
spend more time worrying if one man is copying another .
it is however hilarious against uw emeria or scapeshift assuming it resolves
if they were playing horse the next guy is fucked
most of you are too young or too female for this but when your nose hairs get too long is like waterboarding for me .
the pcs do n't know that i just added 20 more hp to the big bad .
sometimes i 'll let them mow down the enemies easily but once in a while i have an encounter that i think will challenge them and i really want to challenge them and then it flops .
the goal is to have fun and for me number crunching calculating xp budgets and accounting for every last ability or spell my players have is not fun .
it is a good offer but we already have a stockpile of several million assault rifles .
paschke and jonny mac showing the world that we have the best announcers
claptrap rides away from font and walks into blue base
i 'm not sure how they will avoid those lawsuits as they 'll just get bigger for holding them longer .
and if they are as well connected as that why would they have ever gotten their hand dirty in the first place ?
the extended special edition of the lord of the rings trilogy .
i 'm sure the economics would n't be favorable but i 'd love for rice to be invited into the aac .
i have n't logged on since my daughter was born in late oct .
i check here everyday to see how things are going and it makes me sad with how people describe the state of things .
lack of content glitches and bugs no new info etc .
i used to play everyday now when i have an hour or two free to game there 's nothing calling me back to destiny .
they should read this and do exactly what you dreamed just to fuck with you .
read further a spokesman for move on said that this was a lie .
jesus whyd they go and give everyone slow motion on their phones
i 'm using black panther sim and electro cause theyre my top three .
people suggest never using electro cause low health but i kill w him
i 'm like barney stinson not the womaniser part unfortunately but i have a professional job and none of my friends know what it involves
what i do in this scenario is take it as long as i can .
then finally politely try to say something along the lines of sorry babe i had a really bad day too . ''
inevitably this is taken wrong and is responded with something along the lines of what the fuck ?
i do x y and z for you and you ca n't even listen to me ? ''
hai is starting and going to teach bunny how to shotcall
that 's the exact same as the atheist view . ''
no atheist is there 's nothing do to the lack of evidence . ''
agnostic is there may be something there may not be something . ''
but agnostic people do n't assume he does n't exist either . ''
yes as i said when your describing the position of not knowing and therefore not making assumptions .
oi you know the rules no open top buses in birmingham
he is by far the biggest celebrity and arguably the best actor in the movie .
you do realise that we 're the 3rd richest club in the world right ?
throwing wads of cash at literally one world class attacking talent keeps us afloat .
edit i get it guys i know they 're not a bad team .
he promised to close it not to just try '' .
he has the power to close it and does n't need congress to do so .
the funniest thing had been how serious they were .
sure i 'd murder someone every month yeah yeah .
and then as the minutes wore by i realized that they were actually serious they meant it .
the funny part this time had been in that they actually took it seriously .
not that it was n't a serious subject but that they were actually worried about being caught .
they were actually worried about some sort of washington post expose with murdergate headlines .
i was part of the 1 of the 1 receiving millions every month on royalties on my patent rights alone .
i 'd taken a page out of microsoft 's book and invested heavily in all of my biggest competitors .
no matter who won out in the end i 'd win .
even if i lost i was still going to win when i liquidated my company .
and of course if i won i was really going to win once i liquidated them .
it was impossible for me to run out of money unless i assigned the task to others it was impossible for me to spend more money than i made .
of course the president wanted to be my best friend every political figure everywhere wanted to be my best friend .
so when they told me that i had to murder someone that there was actually this mystic importance placed on it when they showed me data when they got serious about how important it was that i kill and not get caught or the supernatural don't-break-the-masquerade police would execute me on the spot i could n't stop laughing .
once i got myself under control i placed a few calls and made a few donations .
i now own the largest nonprofit abortion clinics in every state .
getting my license was even easier especially when i was the one who funded the board 's creation in the first place .
i 'm not very good but that 's why i always have a couple surgeons standing around ready to go .
i now get to murder many someones in every state every month .
sure it may not be murder as far as our legal system goes .
the women whose babies i abort actually invite me in and shake my hand afterward thanking me .
but the justicars who police my ever growing capital have n't adjusted with the times and abortion is still technically murder .
they 're also bound by the laws of the land and ca n't execute me on the spot because what i 'm doing is perfectly legal and they are lawful to a t. i do the crime all the time by their rules but never have to do the time by our rules because even when they catch me red-handed i 'm not technically red-handed .
i actually stuck my tongue out at a justicar yesterday .
the young woman asked what i was doing and i made up some pithy thing about sticking it to the imaginary man who wanted to hold her down and not let me do what i was doing .
i wonder how much more fun it 'll be when i get one of those women alone in a closet and strangle the life out of them ?
we can probably clean up the body the exact same way .
i had an idea a dumb idea where all the main like uhh ... . top 3 rp 's like the uhh longest lasting i guess hosts like ... team up and like ... host ... together ... like ... yeah ...
well then you better shit another pistol out of your ass in the next two seconds !
this guy lost 5.3 billion and just had a 12 months sentence .
when it first came out people were making a big deal if they did n't get a 3ds with one though .
does mr. weiner think the american people believe a 3rd party bid has a fair shot in our political system ?
furthermore does mr. weiner think the american people believe trump is a republican ?
i did samething but luckily i cant afford full price .
is that the same girl that got the soul slapped out of her '' on a different train ?
my party has only used it once where they all sat in a room using explore and healing while the consul was heading to them .
that tile got filled with traps but they did get a princess coin .
the traps were n't an issue since that tile was no longer fought in
that border is closed since 2014 do you sleep under a rock or something ?
only open border is the ones with rebels right now .
i tried to pitch this to the lottery as their slogan .
i think they decided to go with something else .
so i guess the mew does n't have anything to do with the pokémon red and blue mew right ?
i would be so bummed if this was it .
i 'm trying to cut down on my diesel fuel and sulfuric acid intake .
hell my grandpa told me that nickelback has widely hated before ww2 .
one day there will be some serious brawl minus play
when first on scene the pressure could be massive .
imagine you are the first firefighter on scene there is a baby in a burning building and there is a crowd of people expecting you to do something .
it 's difficult to explain to members of the public that you need more crew to achieve anything .
they do n't want to put you in that position and that 's entirely fair enough .
it 's currently 25 off on uplay works out to £29.99 in gbp
who 's your daddy is a game on early access that while incredibly stupid has good mechanics .
it 's fun for people to play and it 's overall funny .
i really wonder where garnet is going to fit into all of this
i almost did n't continue the series but now i 'm glad that i did because 2 and 3 have been fantastic .
i do n't want to use the t '' word but st louis sure clogs up the neutral zone when the devils have the puck .
we realized how powerful really good logistics was in ww2 .
the hard part is you get thrown right in the middle of the action from the first page and nothing is explained to you like who are these people ? what exactly are they doing or why ? how does the magic system work ?
it is very confusing and you have to get through it and you understand all of these things along the way .
i do n't mind slow starts but i think most books start a few chapters earlier than they absolutely need to and i often keep a notepad page in books i 've read detailing what chapter i think the book should start at for when i re-read it .
it sounds a little like echopraxia by peter watts in that it does n't hand-hold the reader through character intentions but with a little bit of thinking and maybe a re-read or two it all comes together .
i must admit i was lost through most of echopraxia and had to read a few discussions to fully appreciate everything .
i see reddit posts on good morning america all the time .
if he wins this fight i could see him going down one more time to fight frankie but i think pettis is a bigger draw and he 'd probably stay at lw and defend against pettis .
if pettis wins this weekend and conor wins maybe pettis vs. mcgregor at 200 ?
i 'm guessing if he decided to defend lw at 200 then he 'd for sure vacate fw .
it does n't have to be a pot however i assumed that would be the easiest way to control it externally .
as much as i love bowie this article itself does n't have anything to do with marijuana or marijuana legalization .
speculation that you editorialize into the thread title does n't make it belong .
additionally i find it hard to believe that as a rock and roll superstar bowie did n't partake already .
not speaking for him but i ca n't do subs because i have attention problems .
i ca n't focus on two things at once so i ca n't watch and read at the same time .
another thing i have heard from some of my friends that they watch anime while they draw or do homework so having a dub makes it easier to watch so they can divide their attention .
i 'm by no means calling it the best or even very good but what makes heisei vs showa your least favorite ?
you need to make sure the wicking holes on the coil are aligned with the cutouts in the..chimney ?
not sure where the cutouts are exactly but you need to see the circles in the coil head clearly for juice to floow to the coil properly .
if you vape and dont see those holes you 'll burn the coil fast
i 'll try that next time i get another chance at this shot .
tower missions and i think the void in general actually .
can confirm legitimacy but you forgot the old black guy named old skool '' playing chess and cards ... . and you left out the pod father !
england is n't a monarchy and the queen is n't a monarch .
it would take more than one abandon or report for this to happen .
it 's not what you want but it 's meat .
it 's not so much that they do n't like babymetal it 's just that they 're more interested in other bands .
they do n't roll their eyes and say that my music sucks .
they also like diverse types/genres of music and i 'm proud of them for that because they 're not getting themselves locked into a rut of the same ol ' same ol ' .
probably my biggest influence on them as far as musical tastes they 've all developed a taste for a wide range of music .
of course my oldest daughter she 's 28 has much more similar tastes to me than the rest of the kids but i think that 's because she 's been around me longer .
otoh my oldest son 18 has been to two rush concerts with me once at age 6 and once at 16 .
he likes them but also has his own favorites rush is my favorite band but not his .
if you are la native you get to see them now .
anything and everything associated with boston as a city .
browns do n't count because they are n't a professional team .
the genie was let out of the bottle when palmer and carmack got together .
the resulting crude headset would set the stage for what was to come and obviously what will eventually be .
time and technology have been cruel hurdles but we are finally on the road home the distance is coming into focus and the proverbial bandwagon is beginning to creak under the increasing weight .
idk i feel like hipster denotes more of a specific set of youth but at this point its all semantics
i figured he was talking about flacco and favre who have rings .
we 're crunching to get hillary 4.5 out tomorrow morning .
we 're refactoring our question and answer code down to one simple function .
we found that we always got the same output anyway so we skip the logic now and doubled the speed at which hillary can answer questions .
generates and returns a response to any incoming question .
if you read the book he is n't controlling his hand at the time that is someone else higher .
i guarantee you that things like lynchburg lemonade and kentucky tea will sell better than your mango and milk concoction not least of all because people might know what they are and they match the food your restaurant serves .
a milk-based drink with rich fatty barbecue sounds like a nightmare to me—you want something acidic or sharply boozy to cut through that richness and provide a counterpoint .
more to the point though it sounds like there 's a real clash brewing between you and your manager—the constraints he has given you to work with are completely unreasonable and speak of inexperience in the bar side of the hospitality business .
only you know all the details here but i would have a frank chat with him about it were i in your shoes .
fyi whatever you used to type this comment can also be used to search google or whatever .
i think i 'll do a blend of prefolds fitteds adding up to 24 maybe throw in a few small prefolds too
suck another dick and post pics of your 100 gainz
you know the guy who ca n't hit anything with those guns ?
to be fair the crisis in the global south is probably easier to blame on larger more consumerist america than germany .
though all of us in the developed world have played our part in creating the situation .
i 'm not a huge fan at all of the union jack but how in the world has it got anything to do with buying property in australia or surfboards ?
thanks for taking the time to reply and research !
but yea nothing really recent has been said about the 4110 i did however fine two youtube comments saying the video quality is slightly better then the c20 but yea
it 's ok those are my three favorite defensive players and that 's why i chose them .
just for a hint for others is he alive or dead
i guess you 're right never thought about it but that would make sense .
the funny thing is when he talks about it he acts like it 's a really small naval base but it 's an entirely functioning city .
you have houses with families military of course car dealership restaurants the navy exchange which is pretty much a mall bars movie theater everything .
i doubt they will shut anything at gtmo down at all .
especially with other political uses it has that i am not at liberty to entirely talk about .
if it closed we 'd have a lot of issues at hand .
0 percent that would require breaking up the afc west and 2 teams moving conferences .
if it does n't need to happen it wo n't happen .
the bot was downvoted but was spot-on on two problems of your code .
the 1st one is mostly just not pythonic the 2nd one breaks your code for ex the if statement on line 21 does not do what you think it does .
local ad '' was season 4 so i take everything back .
making fart noises with his mouth and slapping you in the face with his dick ?
i would expect that from a teenager not a grown adult .
when you can move them accurately then you cab work on moving them faster .
then when you play tunes do n't forget what you learned in the exercises .
in the same talk he went on to say that the police need reform as well .
he did n't say that only the police could handle it just that they had to be involved because it 's a very serious criminal matter .
not to mention many schools are absolute garbage when it comes to this because their interests are in not students .
it was also a jab at the fact he hit and killed someone .
i 'm still mind boggled that pogba/iniesta/modric all made toty but de bruyne did n't .
i have a great example of what it 's like living in a small town .
my so and i finally got on craigslist to buy a new one .
i 'm too broke to go to an appliances store .
we found a dryer in our price range that was listed as being in our town .
we have one fast food restaurant a post office and that 's about it .
my so 's family is all from here originally and they 're pretty well-known .
so my so calls the guy who posted the ad about the dryer .
guy points out that it 's in our town so you 'll have to come get it .
so laughs and says ok because we live here too !
that starts a conversation on who my so is who his family is and where he lives now .
when my so mentions his dad the guy says oh i know him !
suddenly he could deliver the new dryer and agreed to take the old one away for us .
all because he found out my so was a local and had a nice family .
i 'm thinking i may go that route although i have ridden a couple times in one and do have a bit of a 'butt feel ' for how the power and chassis handles i do think it 's possibly a good idea to get used to rwd at the limit with less power .
i suppose it would n't matter for many who are n't going to be pushing it hard but i do want a driver 's car to drive it not just look at it !
we can dance we can dance everybody look at your pants .
i thought liam was being arrested last episode and now he is just running about ?
also i do n't know if it is always like this and i 'm only noticing now but the music was really bad and fucking annoying this week .
very short discussion posts are usually a sign of poor quality .
please try again with more in-depth text in your self post .
you will need to include text longer than 50 characters to get past the bot .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
if u have an old desktop lying around open the sidepanel and put it in there .
no one will suspect a dildo to be in a computer case .
if i 'm planning it by myself i 'd have to do it around my school schedule and roller hockey for college as well .
can i get back to you in like five months ?
but double check you have n't changed any individual instructions
haha i know who clyde frazier is i just never heard them say his name so i was in the dark .
i know this is probably a bad time but are any former rams fans joining on as bears fans ?
well of course players do n't stay static in the team and it changes when attacking/defending but that was rafa 's preferred formation and also zizou 's
im pretty sure just buying a legit serial and entering that should fix it
also make sure your vape temp is n't too high .
if it 's combusting the weed that 's gon na make it smell more than just vaping .
it 's by all appearances a flamer ... .just burns so hot enemies freeze sometimes haha
the thing is though that so often these folks produce downward pressure on wages at a time where many are struggling to make ends meet as executive pay continues to spike .
when you say we want these people '' we must understand that you 're happy while others work multiple dead end jobs to put a pack of ramen on their or their child 's plate .
so was this the win '' or the lose '' for 50/50 ?
that 's what the national lizard union said when they looked inside your trousers .
yah because we had an angsty whiny teen in the original trilogy right ?
bob jenna amber and vee should be a tier by themselves they should always be the bottom 4 to lump fabio in the same category is baffling let alone natalie natalie fucking white how is that even possible .
it 's 1.5 miles from coffman to the stadium .
it 'll take you 30 minutes or so but it is n't excessively long ...
i want a tidied up version of this as my first tattoo .
hillary has had a few moments that shows how isolated and out of touch she is .
it 's nothing new so it 's campaign death by 1000 cuts .
he 's not banned for the whole season the length of his ban is n't public knowledge .
hopefully it will be a trend but will only affect restaurants that i do n't care for .
spongebob definitely has something for literally every age group !
it always makes me feel nostalgic though to watch the older episodes .
i 've had a few women in stem tell me this they just want to be treated like anyone else not like they are some sort of pioneer for their gender breaking into a new field
lib-boy told me he 's not as open borders as caplan and none of the other sort of political rationalist-betting-game theory types seem to be either .
i 'm kind of surprised and embarrassed for them that analyzing the effects people have on institutions is somehow considered a new research area .
it would be like their not knowing what a dagger is while it 's already sitting in their heart .
also you should start trying to get an appointment with the rent board now they 're insanely backlogged .
i called into colin in 2006 right before superbowl xl because he was ripping 8 .
i got about 7 words out before he cut me of and gave me tongue lashing .
i did n't even get to say i 'll take your comments off air . ''
man this must be what duke nukem fans felt like with all these delays .
when this game finally gets released it 's going to be amazing .
i wish i had gone to a school that actually challenged me .
i feel like i 've been doing this for the past 3 years let alone 3 months ..
to be frugal/broke but also interested in fashion/high quality items ... is a conundrum .
i always use the spinrilla app as you can download most tapes for free and play them without wifi or service but this looks like it works just as well .
does n't lower prices only make things cheaper to make ?
that does n't necessarily translate to lower prices for the typical consumer .
that 's what rob schneider said when he saw her too !
i had a wagyu steak at that killen 's spinoff that i still masturbate to .
today is my ninth or tenth day of keto and so far so good !
diet usually effects my mental health too and it did at the beginning .
for the first three-ish days i felt cranky and hungry and angry .
i think starting about yesterday or the day before though zero anxiety .
well i mean the thoughts are still there but i rationalize them better so they never escalate to unbearable .
and this is coming from someone who has the worst driving anxiety in the world .
even my boyfriend has commented on how well i 'm handling myself lately !
if it feels worse at first drink some broth handle it and push through .
you should find yourself way better than you were even before the diet in five to seven days !
yeah i really think this would be clear to anybody who ever completed the pensacola then played no
i think it exists but i ca n't remember the title .
the 20 off deal was announced yesterday or at least i saw it yesterday and i went ahead and ordered one .
they may have however sold out in the past and restocked .
point taken though i disagree a bit it would just get into a big fat nerdy semantics and this movie did that type thing if i went any deeper
that said i thought light sabers existed so you could do a bunch of aerial cartwheels and spin them around like you 're at a rave ?
a glorious contest to for me to be entering !
they 're starting to turn into that crazy ex-girlfriend no matter how much you try to avoid them they keep following you and asking you to follow them and then when you get to a station just hear me out '' .
a lot of arrested development folks involved and it did have the same feel its even narrarated .
cant get your hopes too far up tho ... its definitely nowhere near as good as ad but worth a watch if your a big fan .
well they did lose a week ago to the st .
even though this track is n't that impressive to me it 's still a breath of fresh air to all those stale pop ballad edm dominated tracks on the chart .
instead of inviting who 's who keep the wedding simple and invite only the extended family members .
instead of having multiple functions try to have all of them on day followed by a simple dinner .
you can buy simple wedding dress sari and suit instead of designer lehanga and sherwani .
yea well using the shell is faster and involves less risk but i know there is multiples ways .
not as many though after i changed it to v3
because some people are n't massive whiny shut ins who 's only source of satisfaction is dicking around on the internet all day every day .
i will be working all over town so proximity to a freeway is more important than actual location .
i 'll have to check out centennial hills though and i 'll pm you when we get closer to moving and/or taking a trip to shop around !
the best way to play beat hazard ultra is on the highest difficulty .
wikipedia is n't shitty when it provides good links .
i 'm not saying that you 're lying when you claim to have somehow read about the genocide quite extensively '' yet somehow missed the part about who did it but well actually that 's precisely what i 'm saying .
you 're lying about one of those things at a minimum .
i read about the genocide long ago but i only learned of a movement called the young turks and their role much more recently .
and i know many middle easterners who are even more ignorant of their history then me .
thus it does n't strike me as wildly implausible that cenk did n't quite realize the young turks role in the genocide until it was too late to rebrand .
the word young turk has always strongly referred to a young insurgent member of some movement or a group .
it has a broader meaning independent of the history of the actual political movement called the young turks .
given this reality i do n't hold it against them if they wish to keep to the name
the fact that you feel the need to immediately embrace the most uncharitable view of cenk tells me that you 're not really worth talking to .
scroll up to the comment that you 're replying to and click the link that i provided there which contains his actual words that say things like again the claims of an armenian genocide are not based on historical facts '' .
i have n't seen anything from cenk that would even remotely suggest that he denies the genocide today .
in fact from what i remember he has changed quite a bit since 1991 including leaving the republican party .
i mean the word young turk does n't appear in his piece from 1991 so i would argue it supports my argument .
can you actually tell someone to call a judge during their match ?
how should a bystander respond to situations like this i heard it 's different for competitive/professional rel
rare supply drops are better so why would you open 20 commons ?
hi myoginightkids this is posted on all fanart submissions so if you 've already done what i 'm about to ask please ignore me !
the name of the anime the fanart is from .
a link back to the original artist consider using saucenao http saucenao.com to find them .
if not please edit your post with the needed information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/anime if you have any questions or concerns .
erm if youre spitting up blood you should call a doctor and stop playing .
on christmas oil was 2 a gallon it was wonderful .
more range and aa helps avoid hit registration drama .
being able to keep tabs on enemy movement with third eye helps play methodically you got ta land that initial crit .
it becomes even more amazing when you read about william earnest henry and his personal struggles that inspired him to write it .
drink a fifth of vodka that will straighten right out .
is there a quest for hr azure but only azure ?
or i dunno dual azures at the very most ?
he treated all of the other scienctists like children who could n't handle the secrets of the destiny
rush has an ego the size a small planet and it would n't surprise me if he does n't even consider the likes of carter or mckay to be on his level .
he 's a card-carrying genius and a true genius can often have some strange quirks .
sauce i 've known a few smart people that have been rather ... odd .
definitely agree with you on matt and chloe though not completely on tj .
she 's at least able to bring a few decent scenes to the table whereas matt and chloe are just sort of ... there .
and the few times they 're given a reason to be more than just there the actors were n't .
we probably could have gotten as much out of mannequins and just letting them phone it in .
and unlike those two at least tj 's character had a reason for being besides just ... there .
and yeah the other scientists were well-played for the most part .
to be honest top spot on the show for me was a tossup between rush and the team of volker brody .
those two were usually pretty good together and easily believable characters .
the only real reason i ended up going with rush is because i usually enjoy carlyle 's roles when i run across them .
once he got comfortable in the role of rush i think he did fairly well .
at least within the confines of the writing and direction he got .
greer almost always seemed kind of 'meh ' to me .
he was n't a bad character and he does have his good and bad scenes but he never really stood out to me .
everyone knows him he 's on the show regularly and we 're never really given a reason to overly like/dislike him or root for him over anyone else .
i just got off work so my brain 's a bit sleepy .
thank you so so much for this input to process later !
if i win the powerball i 'll give you a stupid sum of money .
e oh yeah i left a trailing 7 where it should n't have been .
well she could 've let them go up for adoption because she realized that much like op she has a dislike of children and had zero plans to ever give up her own life or make the sacrifices necessary to properly raise another human being .
her family likely would 've completely flipped their shit .
it does n't mean this is what she wanted just that she decided not to hurt the children or her family members any further in a time of family crisis .
lots of people are terrible parents but it is n't because they wanted to be it 's because they are human and have weaknesses and flaws and most of them regret it later but ca n't change it .
point blank do n't judge op or his girlfriend .
look at the real world and what could actually happen instead of putting rose-colored glasses on and making broad generalizations about their options .
if some asshole wants to pretend he 's a murderer let him .
in a just world none of those monsters would have returned from the fucking desert .
wait you 're saying it 's not cool to tell people you dated that you did genuinely like them and they mattered to you ?
coming from using the nike running app i agree voice feedback would be nice .
although after my first run i rather appreciate the gentle vibration feedback every 1/2 mile rather than the interruption of my music .
though it would be much better if we could set the intervals for updates like on the nike app .
right now the built in app is superior to any i have found on the play store but i can pretty much assure you nike will update their app soon to support wear and we will have spoken feedback .
they 've already made a compatible app for the apple watch .
i would imagine with the release of the 360 sport nike 's android wear support ca n't be far away .
also check my post above for a possible fix for the audio streaming issue .
as the post said 1900 2200 gmt 1100 1400 est .
if you live somewhere else i can only reccomend using an online time calculator to check what time it is where you are !
also i would like to apologise i had a lot to do last night and in the midle of everything i totally forgot to send you a message on xbone but i havent forgotten about you !
i get about 30 mins free time at lunch so if i get the chance then ill drop you a pm .
for the record we got as far as hm oryx last night and our lowest level friend started at 302 is now 308/309 ll i would like to thank one fo the puggers last night for her outstanding performance !
i wont be posting her name here as i have not asked permission but she was a wonderful puugger !
one on violent swift revenge blade the other one on despair/revenge blade as a cc support or rage/revenge blade as a damage dealer ...
he filmed a vine of himself pouring milk on his head .
also it was the middle of winter in pennsylvania so the milk was cold and his home was cold .
so to make things better he heated the milk in the microwave and burnt the top of his head .
does the game still rely on crit damage and crit chance ?
i feel like the gearing became tedious because of all the crit items you have gain and roll .
i do n't see any difference in ambient display response .
but i noticed that the screen is taking waaay more time to light up and unlock when i place my finger on the sensor .
as a complete layman when it comes to computers i found this helpful and informative .
some videos i 've watched are just complete borefests to watch but personally i think this was quite good !
definitely helpful for those who do n't have a clue about building a pc .
i have a poor memory and on occasion i completely fail to notice things that nearly everybody else finds obvious for instance if i 'm looking for something not only is there a good chance that i wo n't remember where i last left it but it 's also possible i could spend five minutes searching for it before i realize it was right in front of me .
strangely i have a very good knack for detail otherwise it 's just that i can be what one would call absentminded '' at times .
at the very least he could pose her under a dickenson marine heater or flashing a composting toilet .
i 'd also not be so quick to say she doesny understand it
did you actually read the content of some of the tweets ?
they are so fucking asinine that someone could wholeheartedly support the ira and still find them cringeworthy .
ca n't you just put the mech quirks on the same page as the customization page ?
it would be exponentially more convenient for people making builds
it might just be your hardware configuration does n't agree with the game .
waiting might be one of the best options as frustrating as it sounds .
this is fucking reddit.. people are going to believe you..
it 's kindof like ethan and the other gay guy tho i can not remember his name right now haha .
ethan was in the evil pack but he was nice too .
i do worry a bunch about this control theo has tho .
my so was not at your gf 's level but it was a colossal waste of time all the same .
it bothered me more seeing it everyday so i deleted insty/snapchat and limited use of fb .
then i started to see her actions change a little since i was n't participating .
she started to see the annoying attributes of her friends to which i always made sure i gave my two cents on like yeah why does jane need to let the world know that right now '' or i agree with you who the fuck does megan get to take that picture at the beach if she is alone sun baking ? ? '' .
it 's not great to judge but for the sake of the exercise it worked .
in my opinion drastically change the everyday routine and a change will come about .
kurt warner is one of the best qbs i 've ever watched play .
it is n't about men treating women in male-dominated careers that way .
it 's about people in a position of power using that power over someone who does n't have any .
there are some studies of sexual assault in the military out there .
men and women experience this every day in all branches .
certainly not all men and women but many do .
even samuel l jackson looks like a bad actor in those movies its not just hayden to be honest
but anyone who knows me would tell you i have no shame .
believe it or not no skin of my back .
this comment has been overwritten by a commercial script to show that u/dtxer is a fat cocksucker u/sillymaniac is a cunt and u/scanianmoose is a moose
i do n't know what i can add to that .
wikipedia 's category lists are a bad method of deciding how many of something there are they 're often incomplete .
i 'm willing to bet there were more police officers than that convicted of assault in 2015 .
it sounds like you have n't seen our site .
someone should make a video compilation of these situations .
then clips of people telling them they should n't .
after that clips of the noobs trying again completely disregarding any suggestion of their peers .
and finally what we 've all been waiting for strategic execution style team-killing .
honestly i really hate this whole x person did y that shows they know their campaign 's at risk '' commentary .
we 've seen it many times in both the democratic and republican races .
they might be effective but frankly they seem a bit childish and sanders seems to lose out the most from those comments as the guy who is running on his focus on the issues .
well when you 're in the arena maybe you have to play the game ...
because when a society rabbit-holes down toward a service industry society and those jobs become automated there 's nothing left but the shit-tier service jobs .
you name it it 's been shipped overseas because 'we did n't need it ' .
you advance any concept far enough and the pendulum swings from something realized practical and manufacture-able to the theoretical and there 's only so much theoretical jobs available .
an ivory tower standing alone is not a solid structure when you take away all other foundations .
change the field from manufacturing to software for a moment .
why are there still people who continue to work to maintain kitsch-y small-script code to run say a keurig ?
i mean if we 're gon na mock the mug why not mock a device designed solely for single servings for a mug ?
because people want it people will pay for it and because once we completely eliminate all those nicknack developments we 'll have lost sight once again and look overseas to someone who we commissioned to write keurig 5.0 and realize they 've built something fantastic with the framework .
think of the entire creation of content on bbs and the fact that as a direct result of a number of awkward and ridiculous boards improvements were made in the manner in which content was aggregated and refined more content created heavier content that required a better internet framework created and refined again until rss was created and then reddit exists .
eradicate that level of nicknack-ism and nobody learns the steps to advance to something on the level of reddit .
so i did plain old 5*5 without the accessories that icf adds and my chest got big .
you actually do quite a bit of bench and the weight goes up quickly.i had a large chest and large quads .
i would say i kinda looked like a t-rex .
i would n't worry about it as a beginner .
just try and learn good form for exercises so that good form becomes muscle memory .
active carbon is just carbon with huge surface area .
when ingested it can bind '' not chemically just through contact area a large amount of ingested toxins so that they are not digested .
and if you go to your submission history all of your karma is accounted for with your other posts .
desert tresure these bosses arent as hard anymore as pre-eoc also ancient magics and needed for curses
temple at sinnisten needed for curses and needed for fotg which gives zaros shard do this and you are set for pvm and dt
i just have a feeling that its going to be a let down .
we 've heard ubisoft say how awesome it is for almost three years now i just dont think its going to live up to the hype .
not in this patch but even if it does n't get buffed the maps and meta may cause it to become a problem .
almost every unit has a build that makes it become bullshit at some point .
from what i know the hospital also messed up initially in monitoring it somehow i remember my parents saying something about a technician looking at the wrong ovary during an ultrasound and it grew a lot very quickly and caused the ovary to basically twist itself/the fallopian tube over and cut off blood flow .
i was always so lucky with birth control cause it generally helped the shittiest parts of my period the main one actually being my irregularity but i never really got side effects like weight gain or mood swings .
and the one i 've always been on yaz/yazmin is notorious for giving awful side effects .
i can usually tell when i 've started mine because my cramps do n't begin until the bleeding does .
and i generally do n't really get cramps like that otherwise .
but otherwise i 've noticed no symptoms that indicate my period if coming or there .
i 'll have issues with nauseous/lack of appetite when my stress levels are high but i 've never noticed them to correlate with my period at all .
i have a friend who always had a turbulent time emotionally in high school to the point where she needed to leave school and had to get her ged instead .
it continued for a long time even necessitating an in patient treatment program for her mental health .
we 're 22/23 now and i could tell she 's been doing better over the last couple years i 've been away at college .
when i saw her last she told me that a doctor had figured out that one of her biggest issues was pmdd-induced psychosis and depression and a treatment combination of like ...
maybe even just a certain birth control i ca n't remember and anti-psychotics in the days leading up to and during her period had a major impact and improvement on her quality of life .
hormones are crazy and they have such a profound effect on our bodies at large .
i really wish now i 'd taken an endocrinology course in my time in college .
i finally got the trophy after hours of hopelessly doing shit at sanctuary only for the happiness to drop for whatever reason .
sorry for the lack of tutorial i 'm a bit busy today but wanted to share the idea right away because i was pretty hyped about finding this .
hopefully a picture will do it for you for now
do we snap our fingers three times to let the spirits know it 's time to eat ?
also i 'm gon na make bare noise give the spirits the fine dining experience with some music to accompany them .
also fuck cold water i use hot water fucking intestinal wind my ass .
how come you do n't hear about diesel muscle cars ?
steal idea from swat 4 when timer runs out defenders have to execute the hostage in order to win
they removed it because they introduced ranked at the same time and the community was much smaller back then so they most likely feared that the community would be too split and queues too long .
now on the other hand they show no such concerns with all the new modes and shit they keep adding meaning if they cut some pointless modes soloqueue could return .
after all having 2 seperate mmr systems is dumb and makes both of them pointless .
because every superpower loves to talk about how their goal is to be a superpower .
is that the same guy who does cinemassacre and the angry video game nerd ?
now 343 just needs to add the brute chopper and the elephants .
graves e does also work it 's just really hard to do
i like to do this too the 5th is n't that important really .
also you free up your pinky for fun extensions .
yes the svg will not activate bf unless zombie is weakend with a bowie or ee gun .
as for ammo the upgraded shevia has 210 rounds .
if blast furnace is used properly meaning the entire spawn is trained in a big ball one bullet kills 24 zombies which is the entire spawn .
on solo that appox round 235 you could complete with a full gun .
where is this need of ammo everyone speaks of and why did you waste all of it ?
katniss everdeen is in district 13 after she shatters the games forever .
under the leadership of president coin and the advice of her trusted friends katniss spreads her wings as she fights to save peeta and a nation moved by her courage .
it 's you are welcome '' you 're welcome '' not your welcome '' and i 'm not a native speaker !
if it actually worked before and doesnt now then it clearly was n't something that was intended and they fixed it so you should just play it without the bug .
if you are having trouble doing whatever quest it is you were doing without that bug then it just means that you need to change your team and adapt or myabe its just too early for you for that quest .
a lot of guys will go out for a beer or something with friends when shit gets hard but advice and solutions are a big part of the whole thing .
if for example it 's over a break up you 'll get the sympathy man that sucks .
but it 's typically followed up by something like but hey plenty more fish right man ?
you just need to hit the gym get your confidence back up and then next week we 'll go out to that one club and i 'll wingman for you find you a hottie to take your mind off it . ''
note my dialog is extra stereotypical for effect my friends would handle it differently but in the same basic way sympathy then advice .
it 's about fucking time they 're doing something .
steam is a platform for all ages tons of children play cs go gambling has no place here .
my hours at my second job vary moderately minimum 20/week generally closer to 26 but can go higher .
the way my budget spreadsheet is set is for the minimum until i know i 'm working more .
it 's just safer and that way i plan for the important expenses .
but canadians do n't have right of residency in the uk so they 'd have to apply for a residency visa like everyone else outside the eea before they could take advantage of those rights .
us tele-market is weird though and not just because of different bands .
the lack of gsm systems phones that do n't use sim cards for some big providers means you might not be able to us a triband eu phone anyway .
two instances of the game one for multi player and one for single player .
this time last year how was four months away .
you should probably start at around like 2800 and decrease by about 100 calories every 2 weeks .
they make it easy to create a weight decent plan and track your calories accordingly .
your goal is to burn as many calories as you can .
so if you can manage it stick with the 5x5 but also start walking for a mile or two on your off days .
zeno seems to be as good as netero in term ofphysical abilities and experience the only thing that change is the ability i think .
and zeno has implied to be capable of fighting against netero he says hyakushiki kanon is troublesome
bok susjedi drugar mi ide uskoro kod vas pa sam mu rekao da mi uzme nešto ali nemam pojma šta .
jel imate neku preporuku šta može da mi uzme u običnoj prodavnici koda vas u zapadnoj srbiji od slatkiša pića a da mi to ovde nemamo u istočnoj srbiji ?
oh they never popped up for me dont know if its due to res or whats disabling it .
i 'm going in february and march in 2017 for my master 's thesis .
i guess we 'll just sit here and wait for u/poodiepie to chim in on this .
oh well i guess only the chinese sees anubis ' true potential p
i never claimed that functor7 assigned a dimension to n. i just pointed out that n dimensionless which is true does not imply n integer which is probably false right now not that anybody cares ! but will soon become true .
but in the end if you have good poison immune champions then lc i think is worth despite recoil .
being able to end the fight in what effectively is 30 less hits is incredible .
plus it is hard to forego that sweet pi for arenas .
additionally most of the top tier poison immune champons have very good l3 ultron black bolt hulk to name some .
so you can save your power for l3 and use it as finisher no health lost then or just use it .
it may very well be worth the 5 health anyways especially if it does 10 more damage .
also lately i am not a fan of using l1/l2 against really hard ai such as in map 5 .
they tend to have uncany ability to block and even one mistake can lead to half of your health lost right away .
but this may not be the case for bb/the vision as their l1 is both quick and relatively safe .
also as a last note i was thinking about having 1 rank of de just for heal .
with coagulate maxed and with poison immune champ it will heal you for 10.25 of health on any nonhealblock node e.g .
it can be 1200-1600 health for rank 4 rank 5 hero .
you will be damaged for 7 on any healblock node but again it may be worth it in the end .
if its possible to check ping within other regions and find the best state to play with that would be rather cool .
say i 'm in alabama and i want to play with someone in ny perhaps it would check my ping and ask if i am still willing to play meanwhile suggesting another person with better ping to play with .
even when it comes to comedic combo videos maybe this is just me but honestly styling on really bad players gets old after a while .
i always enjoy videos that include the creators ' fuck ups too i think those can be just as funny if presented right .
kids always wanted to copy my answers to tests .
i got in trouble several times for someone else .
i love the idea that kapkan brings to the game but man are his trap useless .
the only time i 've seen them work is when i get those 12 year old kids on my team that just rush through doorways without thinking .
b0aty would not have been able to get famous pking with 350ms .
since his only gives him ap from health and health from ap
this is the reason i never bought a vita .
just yesterday i bought two 128gb class 10 sd cards for less than 36us each .
this one is even more expensive than the games for the damn thing .
then you ca n't claim to be against government subsidies .
you 're talking about 100 completion yet you mentioned you just done a run through twice .
i bet techland even made the easter eggs count as of completion .
bugger all people actually involved in the sheep industry .
i have n't seen all your posts yet but the ones i have are alot of fun to read .
you should add more pally facts i think they 're pretty fascinating .
like the light will continue to serve a paladin as long as they believe they are doing right .
i believe for a while arthas had paladin abilities and lich abilities iirc
sex is not the controlling element in our relationship rather the power exchange and the dominance submission is and that premeates the sex .
though it is true that sex is an underlying element to a lot of our interactions .
you might look into cuckolding as an area for good material
mr.trudeau has nothing to do with the lp system or the sale of medical oils .
only after reading your comment i remembered that he used to play for you it 's already been more than 2 years since then ... damn .
so send a genuine message but make sure you send lots because the chances are it will get ignored with the lazy messages anyway .
sod that i 'm about 5/6 out of ten and so far better in real life that online .
at least in real life you get the chance to demonstrate some value and are n't immediately dismissed .
because this for the most part is n't true .
part of the reason for relatively high tariff increases in 2009 was to allow for the companies to pay for infrastructure .
i think that you can get bogged down by meta-gaming especially as someone relatively new to the game .
also what people often do n't consider is that their local meta may be different to others .
my advise would be to build a deck that is both strong and you enjoy playing .
stick to that deck and get familiar with it .
meta-gaming is then a natural evolution of your card choices to improve your match-ups against decks you frequently encounter .
a crash landing leaves kitai raige and his father cypher stranded on earth a millennium after events forced humanity 's escape .
with cypher injured kitai must embark on a perilous journey to signal for help .
you have been banned from every other circlejerk subreddit on r/cricket .
i mean i ca n't solve a rubiks cube at all .
occam 's razor is much more important and useful in science .
well pharma has been steadily laying off researchers for a while i suspect there are quite a few who would be interested in getting back into the field .
the badwater basin a waterslide with a 2 hour long ride of people who have already been on 36 times .
i 'm sorry but saying that insert nationality are a bunch of insert person with negative trait s is supposed to be the setting not the only punchline .
let 's say you want to make a joke about irishmen being a bunch of sheep-fuckers sorry ireland i only chose you because you 're not a bunch of pussies .
you do n't say irish fuck sheep am i right ? '' .
you say stuff like a brit visits ireland and asks patrick is it true that having sex with a sheep feels the same as having sex with a woman ? '' .
patrick thinks for a while and says you should ask seamus he 's fucked a woman . ''
i would recommend mirrodin and zendikar block however futuresight could be cool too
not really chill music for me but reminds me i need to catch up on my monstercat used to listen to their soundcloud feed religiously .
looks quite interesting would have been a bit better if he were to become the next demon king instead of hero
there is generally a post normally through your e-mail but is also sometimes posted on this subreddit that tells you what is new to mu this week ?
or it might be month i 'm not entirely sure .
but as a general rule stuff is put on 6 months after its physical release unless there is some discernible reason for this not to happen .
edit https www.reddit.com/r/marvelunlimited/comments/40jkdt/new_comics_to_marvel_unlimited_january_10_16 here is the most recent post about releases .
as the major world medical and psychiatric organizations agree being trans is a normal human variation best treated via transitioning and acceptance so the short answer is we want to treat our medical problem in the way that centuries of psychiatric and medical research have shown is the only effective ethically responsible way to treat it .
basically and here 's the hard part to understand the sexual dimorphisms of your body develop all wrong .
do n't imagine yourself developing as a woman imagine yourself as the male you are but with a micro-dick and a pear shaped butt and huge moobs .
if that sounds unpleasant if you 'd rather have a bigger penis and a trimmer build and a flatter chest well lots of trans men feel the same way .
contrastingly me as a trans woman i felt so much better when i got testosterone out of my system and better still when my body developed and i became visibly and tangibly female .
touching my skin and feeling how estrogenic and soft it has become it 's hard to imagine how much the body i now have come to accept and cherish used to harm and imprison me .
would it be possible for horses to be transferred over from skyrim ?
it would be amazing riding them around in the commonwealth .
since it 's the first one i really do n't want to spend too much on it .
i 'm currently looking at a 2011 macbook pro and 2012 13 '' macbook air .
the macbook pro is complete with its box and other accessories .
i like it for its upgrade-ability ssd and ram but it 's a bit heavy and the battery is n't as good as the air .
the air on the other hand does n't come with its box but still has applecare until may of this year .
it 's portable but it is n't really upgrade-able .
i have a desktop for any really heavy workloads and gaming so that 's not a problem .
the bobblehead stand wo n't sort bobbleheads in alphabetical order but rather in the order you placed them into the stand 's inventory .
thus you can sort the bobbleheads by skill and special and put the special in the correct order by being specific about which order you put them into the stand 's inventory .
so for the easiest way put special in first in the same order you would normally .
except the charisma bobblehead must go in the stand last .
this is because the shelves with the circle in the middle of the 'arrow ' arrangement counts as the last in the order for that shelf .
so it must go s p e i a l c so charisma will take the middle spot .
after that you can just put the rest of the bobbleheads on without any organisation or organised if you so please .
just remember on the shelves that have a spot in the middle that middle spot counts as the last spot in the order items are placed on that particular shelf .
just want somebody to talk to hoping to make a long term connection .
pm me your kik names along with asl and i 'll message you on kik
hi guys i 've been maining bard for some time now and i 'm one of those guys who has to buy every skin for the champ they love the most i have elderwood and snowday but i cant for the life of me find the chroma packs .
2016 ces trending virtual reality at ces,2016 's first shot for virtual reality a slight step up from cardboard
i believe deeply the ces 2016 is a hot trending this will be virtual reality 's breakout year .
feel free to offer here or add me to discuss .
i can also drop you the skin in game if you want .
my friends and i are really feeling the bern but we 're not sure about the caucus itself .
does anyone have any good resources for the feb 20 occasion ?
ps do we have to caucus at our designated voter registration place ?
edit if you have a cheap pokemon y for sale i may be interested as well
b/o 21 keys looking for really fun knives send me an offer and let 's see !
i am a female 22 year old looking for professional help for my depression .
i 've never been to one so i 'm nervous on finding one that fits me .
if anyone has a recommendation or how i can seek help for this i would be extremely grateful .
but if i was i think i 'd be pretty pissed off at new champ select .
currently games can take ages to find in the current champ select when watching streams they can sometimes be upwards of 30minutes .
and having to now find one for each role will make them even longer i would assume .
the other thing is i 'm guessing when people get matched in the same team as certain people they decide to give up their role for the other person .
for instance if i was matched with dyrus i 'm not high elo just an example i 'd probably give up my toplane for him however i ca n't possibly know that until i 'm matched with him and so selecting it beforehand is impossible .
i feel like the new champ select is going to be great for lower elo players but really bad for high elo .
sometimes i delete something as photos videos or applications but i have not memory .
i use icleaner but it gives me only 500 mb that disappear after 1-2 hours .
if i go to settings i see that i use only 6-7 gb .
it is a jailbreak problem infact i have not games or many applications ?
durant horford whiteside derozan lebron technically a fa this offseason although i expect him to be back on the cavs dwight ?
new grad nurse here grateful to be headed to a position in the ed .
other than being as competent as possible teachable and not a know it all '' what types of traits/habits should i try to develop early to be a succesful/enjoyable person to work with ?
advice especially appreciated from mds and senior rns worked as support staff prior .
but i have encountered the strange issue of my rear camera not focusing at all ...
i am currently running cm12 and i have fully restored to cm 12 again hoping maybe that would fix it ...
i still have some warranty period left on the device but that would mean returning to the stock rom ... . blah .
does anyone have any last try suggestions to get my rear camera focusing ?
i have a g710 keyboard and estone gaming mouse .
everyone says just click the up c stick slot '' and move the mouse upwards but that does not register with mouse selected as device .
when i right click and manually input axis y '' that registers but the stick barely moves from the center therefore being worthless since it 's not a full button push .
finally when i enter the game i have to have my keyboard selected as device for those to work it wo n't recognize mouse and keyboard simultaneously .
i am so stoked to play it 's driving me crazy .
so now i have a bit more time to relax and what better way than with some kinky rp ?
lately i 've been in the mood for something a bit more rough than normal but i 'm open to negotiation and whatnot .
i woud also like to start a fantasy type scenario for those interested .
i have quite the selection of prompts to choose from but i 'm always interested in hearing any of your ideas .
kinks i would like to include are bondage domination collars humiliation spanking anal oral orgasm control and denial and would like to do more with mind control .
i 'm open to ageplay and bodymod depending on what you had in mind .
such a pretty little thing young and cheerful but it did n't take me long to realize that you were homeless .
we would chat occasionally and i would occasionally buy you a coffee or some food which you seemed reluctantly grateful for .
as time went by we established a sort of wary friendship and when the streets got too cold i would occasionally let you crash on my couch fix you a meal and let you use my shower .
i never knew how you ended up on the street and you never told me so i let you have your privacy .
there are times when i worry that you 're going to get hurt or freeze or worse .
and every time i offer you a home with me you decline .
and so a thought creeps into my head one that i probably should n't have .
maybe i ought to make sure you stay safe here whether you like it or not ...
when i pulled up with cps i was horrified by what i found .
such a sweet young girl to be treated like that ?
i had n't been with police department for long but even some of the old-timers got disgusted by the case files .
the arrest was quick and brutal and i can still remember the look you got in your eyes when i knelt down and told you that they would n't be hurting you anymore .
we quickly struck up a rapport at the station while waiting for cps to start their process and soon you were whisked away to a foster home .
you kept running away from home after home always trying to find me claiming that i was the only person you felt safe with .
soon enough i was submitting the paperwork for your adoption and shortly afterwards you were living with me finally safe .
i like to think that i was a good father figure stern but fair even if could n't help but spoil you though you never ended up rotten .
we even moved to a more secluded house after you told me the city kept giving you nightmares .
maybe its because you 're almost fully grown now but you 've become quite rebellious frequently disobeying me or talking back over insignificant things almost as though you 're looking to be told off or punished .
when you think i ca n't see i 've noticed odd marks around your wrists usually the night after my handcuffs have gone missing .
and sometimes when i pass by your door late at night i hear muffled moans and something that sounds suspiciously like daddy ... ''
the highway was desolate and empty but that did n't bother me .
i know most people do n't think of the desert like that but i 've always been a bit unusual in that regard .
besides it was still nice and cool in my camper .
i was actually pleased with my work on it .
what started life as an ambulance was now my vehicle to live out one of my life goals visiting all fifty states .
the trip had started out smoothly and so far there had n't been any issues with the car .
as i drove down the road i frowned at the sight of someone out on the side of the road thumb stuck out .
ordinarily i did n't pick up hitchhikers but the digital thermometer said it was easily 115 degrees outside .
not the kind of weather to be stranded on the side of the road .
pulling over i park as i wait for you to hop in ...
the details of how the world ended can be discussed as well as our roles .
have you been stuck in a shelter for years ignorant of what the wasteland is like ?
or have we been watching each other 's backs for a while now ?
• an alternate universe where slavery is still sanctioned .
i find you at an auction and take pity on you purchasing you to keep you out of the hands of the more sadistic even though i plan on seducing you into my bed and ropes myself .
kinda similar in concept to the post-apocalyptic one except with monsters instead of mutants .
an rp based on the universe of a video game/tv show/movie/book ?
if you had your own ideas i 'd like to hear them too .
i 've always suffered from derealization and depersonalization even as a kid .
usually it would happen once every few months and last about 6 hours more our less .
sometimes i do n't even know if i 'm stressed tbh people just notice changes in me .
as i 've grown it lasts half a day to a few days .
for the past two days i 've been experiencing derealization it 's not as intense as my usual episodes it 's mild .
i do n't really feel here but since it 's not that intense i can function pretty well technically emotionally i 'm detached .
it 's like i 'm trapped inside myself and my feelings and sense of self are buried .
i 've been very stressed with this semester still have n't finished exams .
anyways my main point is i 'd feel alert/normal/awake every now and then like an hour for every 3-4dr hours .
i slept normally last night like before bed i was fine .
thought i was ok. woke up and now it 's happening again .
is it on and off this quickly because it 's pretty mild ?
victims ' advocacy groups are going after bernie sanders for asserting that campus sexual assault—like all other kinds of sexual assault—is best left to law enforcement .
in his comments earlier this week sanders stated explicitly that rape must always be dealt with as a criminal manner rather than as an education issue .
while that might seem like a stridently anti-rape stance it actually puts him at odds with the vast majority of campus advocacy groups who agree that rape is an epidemic and yet believe campus-run show trials that result in mere expulsion are the best way to deal with rapists .
ss on my profile buyout is just b/o feel free to send your offer !
1 ★ bayonet marble fade factory new http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025525553/inventory 730_2_4397474432 0.013495784252882 http csgo.exchange/item/4397474432 fake fire and ice scratchless|165
steve was done he had messed up kicked out of both gang and military rejected by the other he was left with one choice go out with a bang and what a bang it would be .
steve was in the middle of a field a few miles out from the main city shirt off and sweating profusely damn i forgot how deep i dug this thing after about an hour more of digging steve 's shovel stuck metal finally i found it steve jumped down into his hole and lifted out a metal box https encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images ? q=tbn and9gcsdg3dhcgga99v-uuqg3kboqdboezn5qq-wlody-rtkttdvzuivqa good it 's still here he opens the box and checks out a rifle https c2.staticflickr.com/2/1082/4720505113_4ea87174df_b.jpg and metal helm awesome both are still in great condition
an hour or so later steve was digging a small hole from which he picked up a small box full of some very special bullets which he loaded into his car and proceeded to drive into city
all right steve you can do this you can do this '' it 's not everyday a man decides what day will be his last day on earth but steve knew tomorrow would more then likely be the day he died but he would not be leaving this would alone no he would be taking someone with him and that man would be ... ..
okay so once i found the full version of this video ... but now i ca n't find any free anywhere .
i 'm trying to remember the name of a boardgame i saw a while back .
i think there 's some sort of fantasy war going on and the players play as merchants trying to make the most money they can by selling the opposing sides weapons .
ive scoured through many posts and on the nostalrius website/twitter and i have not found any plans to either do future servers fresh reset after x time etc .
i do realize that this is based in western europe so i am not holding my breath for a u.s. server .
does anyone know if there will be any fresh start within the year ?
i have four other buddies that want to play two of which including me want to relive the launch '' of annoyingly congested starting zones content release schedule economy bare bones hectic pvp and the like which comes from any launch .
i would join the pve but we are set on a pvp realm .
when tgt was announced many people were hyped for darnassus aspirant and thought that the consistency and power of druid would increase with its release .
upon release it was put as a two-of in every single druid deck .
however lately since loe people have been cutting 1 or even both of the darnassus aspirants for tech/flex cards such as living roots ancient of war and sludge belcher .
here are a few pros and cons of darnassus aspirant
strong against aggro decks essentially has taunt and has an upside if not immediately removed
gives druid 4 cards that they can consistently play on turn 2
is terrible in the lategame unlike the more consistent wild growth
against control warrior you wa n't threats like sylvanas not 2-drops that die to fiery war axe
i 've played midrange druid with and without darnassus aspirants and my winrates usually stay consistent so this begs the question should darnassus aspirant really be included in druid decks and if so should it be a one-of or a two-of ?
thanks for reading and hope to see your responses and opinions .
i think it would be awesome if we got doombot from avengers a.i .
he was by far my favourite character in that book .
maybe they cn give him a passive that allows him to fight with dr. doom .
the only catch is that his programming kicks in and he wo n't be able to perform any actions on his turns .
all he 'll be able to do is protect the one true doom and follow up on his attacks like a mindless tank .
we 're still hiring for a frontend unicorn position job posting http ultijobs.com/p/topscore-creators-of-ultimate-central-hiring-for-a-frontend-unicorn .
in addition we 've just posted a development internship position that would be ideal for a current student or potentially a recent graduate job posting http usetopscore.com/p/topscore-is-hiring-a-development-intern .
these are great opportunities to work with an application used on a daily basis by over 250 ultimate organizations as well as work with fellow ultimate players .
if you know anyone who might be interested please pass these on !
i know they reclassified it but did they also end it ?
1st deployment and its to al udeid to soccent could fwd deploy but i 'll be in the rear with the gear .
are we in the same dorms as the 379th ?
what should i pay for when i 'm over there ?
i alt+tab to get the code from my email and the sound keeps playing .
trying to tab or click back into it does n't elicit a response other than a windowed black screen .
just in time for our current faction event https redd.it/40tvat i 've got some tables for quickly fleshing out some details regarding temples priests monasteries monks cults and cultists .
none of this is exhaustive but most of it fits on three handy single-page pdf cheat sheets temples https drive.google.com/file/d/0b_vatxlre-gvegruqv9loxfjagc/view ? usp=sharing monasteries https drive.google.com/file/d/0b_vatxlre-gvddu0ymw4uezud2c/view ? usp=sharing and cults https drive.google.com/file/d/0b_vatxlre-gvltuyv1biulrmbhc/view ? usp=sharing .
hat tip to u/laplanters for some helpful suggestions and ideas on the monastery and monk tables .
and please use them to help the community build some interesting religious orders and factions https redd.it/40tvat .
one god primarily but other gods occasionally or for specific petitions .
several gods within a pantheon but two gods above the rest .
an entire pantheon petitioning each god for specific needs .
one god to whom the temple was not originally dedicated .
several gods within a pantheon to whom the temple was not originally dedicated .
statues of beautiful maidens beckoning visitors into a trap .
polygonal with many sides d8 1. six 2. seven 3. eight 4. nine 5. ten 6. twelve 7. thirteen 8. twenty .
simple a large main worship chamber with a handful of functional rooms adjoining .
simple with a large annex the annex contains many chambers .
multi-layered upper or lower layers are inaccessible to most visitors .
arranged in a concentric fashion inner areas are inaccessible to most visitors .
simple with an intricate complex hidden beneath the main worship chamber .
a large structure with immense metal doors d6 1. brass 2. bronze 3. gold 4. iron 5. steel 6. tin
d8 many of the temple 's interior walls are ...
a crypt for a person of importance d4 1. well-known hero 2. powerful high priest 3. obscure priest 4. wealthy noble .
a room dedicated for specific rituals d4 1. conjurations 2. divinations 3. funerals 4. healing miracles .
a chapel or shrine dedicated to a lesser deity saint or martyr .
a banquet room large dining hall or small dining room .
a small altar set in an alcove in the wall .
a mosaic set into the floor of the room .
a wide fresco or mural depicting a mythological scene .
the pipes of an immense organ running along the walls .
a habit of muttering under his or her breath .
evil tidings and omens to pass over him or her .
a cotton robe with the symbol of a god embroidered on the lapel .
long title but thats the gist of it if there it is unclear ill edit in info here .
monster hunter style games would be amazing to find .
sick armor/weapons and monsters/bosses with a sweet crafting system maybe ?
i can translate some texts for you from english to italian and from italian to english .
their goverment made it look like a bad place to scare away poachers and hunters
note the proud family is an early 2000s disney cartoon https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_proud_family
i mean i should n't have expected top quality for only 70 but even our 10k printers at work are horrid .
i have n't played i am on ps4 since june or so and was about 8 ?
hours in.. wondering if i should restart the game or should i just reread my journal ?
also what are the largest or most important fixes inbetween the patches that i should be aware of..
i came back last week to install my updates and there was probably 25 gigs of patches i have missed which is why i am wondering if there was some huge dlc or a ton of bug fixes ?
does the game run better now i would love to know what cdpr did with all that space on my hdd
it 's absolutely miserable and has driven me to the point of needing counseling .
i live in a somewhat poor area and make about 50k a year it 's very rural so the 50k puts me literally in the top 5 of people around here i can basically buy\do anything i want .
i 'm a manager overnight at a grocery store .
i 'm on a salary which is where i feel i went wrong .
my schedule is 10:30 pm 7:30 am but i almost never get out before 9 am because i 'm salaried .
my job expectations are to unload grocery trucks oversee a stocking crew and to help them stock stuff .
it 's not all that bad it 's just the hours and commitments .
recently my labor has been cut so badly by the upper management that i have to basically stock entire trucks with 1 or 2 people .
they have to be broken down sorted counted and stocked .
i 'm paying 2 car payments internet electric fuel oil food etc .
to sustain my lifestyle i need a job that pays similar to what i have now .
either that or let my cars be taken and have my credit score ruined .
so i 'm stuck in this dumphole of a town where minimum wage is an upper-class job .
i do n't want to sell my house that 's out of the question .
do i accept my miserable fate and just roll over ?
my back already hurts so bad that i 'm getting referred to a specialist .
edit i 've already tried looking for similar paying jobs near to where i live but i 'd need to go to school .
i ca n't physically or mentally sustain going to school while keeping this job i have right now .
i bought this http www.amazon.com/gp/product/b00ivpu7ao ? psc=1 redirect=true ref_=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00 card .
i plugged it into a card reader and plugged that into my computer .
instead of the usual window that pops up when you plug in a new drive there was an error message that popped up telling me i needed to format the disk first .
at this point i right-clicked the drive and selected properties .
i think the micro sd card was formatted to raw for some reason .
anyway i let microsoft format to fat using the default allocation size but for some reason it would only allow me to format 1mb .
so after the format i did a google search and found a guy with a similar problem http www.makeuseof.com/answers/8gb-microsd-card-16-mb .
i tried doing the diskpart '' thing in command prompt that was suggested in the replies .
that did n't work i ca n't remember why sorry .
then i tried downloading minitool partition wizard also suggested in those replies .
admittedly i did n't read any readme files or guides or anything as soon as that program installed so i probably screwed up here .
using that program i wiped everything on the sd card it literally gave me the option to replace everything on there with 0s .
now nothing else i 've tried in that program can get microsoft to even recognize the drive in mycomputer .
in that program when i click on properties it basically just says the total space is 1mb .
at this point do i just send the thing back to amazon ?
as that one nice guy who mains pub pybro i 'd love to be able to heal buildings even a little in case engie dies .
pyro already can handle shotguns and even if it did like 10hp heal per shot it would be something !
i think that there is nothing wrong with gender norms .
the truth is there is always a norm in society .
if you get rid of gender norms new ones will form because even when people often think that they are not conforming '' they are really just conforming to a subculture which becomes the new norm .
i think that in general men 's testosterone levels are higher and thus on average the results of that have been men being the leader '' and the go getter . ''
i think women connect more with their children on average .
i like sweet kind innocent submissive women who put effort into their appearance and make me feel like my hard work is worth something and like they want me to ravage them and dominate them .
i like to feel like a protector and i really like to try hard to treat my woman like a beautiful queen or sex goddess .
people started to question this i noticed a few years back like maybe 2008-2009ish but definitely by 2013-2015 and kind of framed this traditional sexual/social preference as oppressive or due to an insecurity i have to want to be manly '' or to seek approval . ''
or that women think i 'm objectifying '' them .
well it 's been a couple of years and after beating myself up i 'm beginning to realize that it is n't due to insecurity at all it 's just a sexual preference that i feel like plenty of men are afraid to admit to for fears of being labeled as oppressive . ''
anything that you find attractive in a person is objectifying '' i am beginning to see you can objectify the mind objectify the body objectify attitudes but you know those are all a part of a person so i am beginning to see that it is n't a bad thing .
i wish i had just gone with it instead of listening to all the baloney people were telling me on tv and online or around campus because the women i interact with like it too !
i am only half way through the episode and i have wanted to hug gary at least 3 times just for being who he is .
gary 's mastery of interactive comedy is astonishing especially considering that he 's an older man .
he is one of the last of his generation of comedy geniuses and great job to pete another comedy genius for stepping back as much as he did .
did anybody notice that the 2 times in the first hour that gs wanted to say something serious he had to prefix it with this is not a joke ? ''
pretty much only gs and jonathan katz are that deeply funny .
usually when a comic is the guest on a podcast i know it 's going to be a dud e.g .
brian reagan on nerdist ... so boring i could n't get past the 20 '' mark .
when i saw gary shandling 's name on my podcast app i knew it would be gold .
do you guys and ladies have a similar comedy boner ?
hey guys we are in desperate need of a goalie for our saturday soccer team .
send me a pm or comment here and i will pm .
look i love my dog more then life itself but sometimes she can be such a shithead .
came home today after working a 12 hour shift immediately poured myself bourbon .
i 'm tired as hell but i have enough to get me through the night .
my dog decided to shit on the rug for me to clean up when i got home no big deal i know the dog walkers took her down the street 4 hours ago so i figured she ate shit and is done for the night .
i pour myself a huge drink after cleaning and downing the first one .
i go take a piss and while i 'm in the bathroom she i swear to god purposely knocked the glass over to get my attention that she has to pee .
she 's just standing there grilling me standing all over my beautiful whiskey not giving a shit in the world .
problem is i 'm a sucka and ca n't get mad at her but now i have to watch how many units i drink before the store opens tomorrow cause i want to get some sleep .
the thing is she has been doing this lately to get my attention no shit .
i ca n't put my beer or drink anywhere near where she can reach it or else she will toss it across the room and just smile at me like she just told the best joke ever .
my wife thinks it 's hilarious and i do too until right now .
you ca n't swipe that much whiskey off the table after a long day and expect belly rubs you cute fuck .
i just want to put my drink on the table in peace .
i guess it does say something about how much i drink though .
maybe the dog whisperer will do a special episode for drunken retards like me .
when i joined the community last hiatus most fan art or discussion about lapis centered around her being a precious blue melancholy angel who needed to be protected .
that 's still very popular though blue pearl seems to have absorbed some of it and we 're getting more bitter jerk lapis .
like artwork where she 's running a sword through holo-pearl and then giving real pearl a death glare using the ocean to flip off peridot or smashing the gifts people give her .
i do n't know if it 's any more accurate to the character but it 's rather amusing .
i have done some research and although chicago has 3289748932479234 bars and many affiliated with teams i 'm shocked that anybody likes it has multiple cleveland browns bars for pete 's sake !
i have been unable to find any cardinals bars .
chicago has its ' share of packer fans and i 'd like not to be the only one out who wants the cardinals to win .
i was recently introduced to commander and currently only have a somewhat stock ezuri deck .
after looking at the different play styles i think i want to play a control deck that more or less prevents my opponents from playing .
yeah i 'm that guy so far things i was looking into are winter orb rising waters and things that will make my opponents not be able to use their resources .
let me know if you guys have any suggested deck lists or cards !
basically i 'm just not convinced by how people keep saying t will make your voice just like a cis males '' like..
i really wish it could but its hard to believe because the larynx wo n't expand like it would if i took t during puberty and some people still get ma'amed on the phone .
basically i feel it may be a deeper voice but it 'll still have a chance it will be a high pitched male voice .
i saw a study that said out of like 20 ftms 3 still did n't pass on the phone .
and this is not to bash anyone but aydian dowling and buck angel 's voices are too high pitched for what i would want .
i saw another guy from my ethnicity he also has a very high pitched voice .
but im new to the game and am worried about conserving ammo .
how often is ammo spawned should i just stick to my bow or is it safe to use the gun ?
the other day i asked the optometrist in an independent store which was more accurate and she said the ruler might be more accurate as the machine might give a false reading if the pupils are n't focusing correctly through the machine when taking the measurement whereas with a ruler the optometrist can see this and get you to re-focus .
i might not be paraphrasing her explanation precisely but that was the general gist i got from it .
however i just got an email from another optometrist who said that the pd measurement that they had given me last year was not precise '' as it was done with a ruler and a precise measurement would require a pupilometer .
is either option better '' or are they equal ?
hey i just killed mythic archimonde tonight and was wondering how i get an invite to legion aplha
i adopted my dog and her history is unknown so her age is just best guess .
she 's probably around or close to 1.5 years now .
i first noticed the popping sounds when she sits a few months back .
i was hoping it would go away but when it did n't i took her to the vet 2 weeks later .
the vet did a check on her hips and did n't have any concerns .
there were no issues with her range of motion and my dog did n't show any signs of pain during the exam .
the vet mentioned that this is just a surface check and if i wanted a more thorough one my dog would need to be sedated .
if my vet had any concerns though i would have gone that route but she did n't so we did n't pursue it .
the vet just said to keep an eye on her and if it got worse to come back .
it 's not getting any worse exactly and she 's still just as active but everytime i hear the cracking when she sits or lays down or gets up i get worried .
i do plan to have her hips x-rayed for hip dysplasia when she reaches 2 ... but i 'm not even sure if the cracking is due to her hips or knees or something else .
i also worry about her getting arthritis early and an x-ray wo n't catch that .
my dog is a gsd and they 're not exactly known to have great joints .
i have already started giving her supplements as well .
sometimes i wonder if i should stop playing fetch and flirt pole with her but i know walks are n't going to be enough either .
she 's a pretty aggressive player in both as in she likes to go hard and pounce on the ball/toy and i can see that putting a lot of stress on her joints .
i give her plenty of breaks while we play so it 's not just like an hour straight more like 5 minutes of play and then 5 minutes or more of rest repeat .
i also make sure to keep everything on the ground so she does n't do a lot of jumping .
and for the flirt pole i avoid any quick direction changes .
our play sessions are also on grassy areas so she 's not running on a hard surface .
should i be concerned or i just being extra paranoid ?
anyone else experience this in their young dogs as well and everything turned out fine ?
i 'm interested in what you guys think are the best hauntingly beautiful-yet-sad types of songs from kingdom hearts .
i 'm talking about stuff in the same vein as musique pour la tristesse de xion .
something you can just relax and maybe doze off too .
i have one bad game that caused me to flame and it pops up .
i plan on visiting china and i 'm not sure when i 'd leave .
i was wondering if i had a tourist l visa do i also need a return flight ticket to enter china ?
i 've been struggling with really bad adult cystic acne recently on my jaws and cheeks 20f and have gotten on antibiotics and birth control in order to try and balance my hormones and i ca n't help but feel that it 's due to excess androgens in my hormone system from i believe overmasturbation do n't kill/pm me i know there are non-believers but i ca n't think of any other cause because i 've cut a lot of sugar/dairy/easy carbs from my diet for a while now .
my question is which supplements of natural remedies have some of you guys found that would help with decreasing androgen levels for a girl ?
i 'm coming to this reddit in sheer desperation as my doctor simply put me on antibiotics and called it a day .
thought this was worthy of its own title in case someone connects the dots down the road .
it 's just one more of those strange unanswered things .
jodi starts to cry around the 11:45 minute mark and relate that she has felt guilt for teresa 's death because steve was supposed to pick her up from jail the day teresa was killed to go to aoda class .
but for some reason one that she still has not ever found out they would not let her out of jail that day .
did steve go there that day to find that they were not letting her out ?
did she call steve to tell him not to come because she could not get out ?
did the jail call him to tell him she was not getting out ?
is there a reason someone wanted to keep steve at home that day ?
recall some other threads were it was theorized that jodi was perhaps put in jail so she could not be an alibi for steve .
sure would be nice to know why she was not allowed out that day .
when she tells the story that she would have been with steve that day for that time period when ever it was .
was on the east side today and this guy was walking all 3 brothers without taking damage for the entire kill for the entire hour ... is there a guide or something i can watching for me to understand how this is done ?
how 's it going to when is it charged ?
i repeat the gates have been summoned into the pearth dimension .
my sony vaio pro 13 's bios does not detect the newly installed ssd i think it 's an ahci/nvme incompatibility problem on arch it shows up as dev/nvme0n1 not dev/sdx however i can boot via usb the windows installer or arch linux and i can detect read and write to the ssd .
however because the bios ca n't detect the ssd the laptop throws up an error about a missing hard drive and refuses to boot from it .
what if i put my boot partition on an external usb and tell it to boot linux/windows on the ssd ?
after i cleared most of the game including most of the late game and getting my ares 90 my satisfactory build i decided to make an alternate character and start from the beginning again .
as i was playing through the beginning parts i found a few useful things i could do early on to really improve my well-being later on so i 'm going to share a few of those things with you right now for those who are just starting out or those who are like me and are starting a new game with previous experience .
i 'm sure most of you have seen this said a few times saying the manual is a required read . ''
though this is true i do n't expect you to read the whole manual in it 's entirety .
only read parts you may be confused or curious about .
the ones i do recommend reading are the ones involving buffs/debuffs character stats data probe features and online features .
having an understanding of these four can really help your overall game experience and make things a bit less confusing .
and for those that are new the manual can help make sense of what is actually being said in this post so read up .
another thing i 'm sure you guys have seen constantly .
plant as many data probes at as many fn sites as you can whenever you can .
the more fn sites you have access to the easier it is to travel from place to place but more importantly this means more credits and miranium you can generate over time .
and when you 're generating 10k credits per tick at only chapter 3 then you should n't have too many money/miranium problems down the road if you continue to improve them .
note that if you ca n't find an fn site after searching all over the hex area then the site could be either be hidden in a cave somewhere in the area or really high up where it can not be reached .
for the ones that ca n't be reached you 'll just have to ignore them until you gain skell flight after chapter 9 .
the most important field skill to increase early on is hands-down the mechanical skill .
this is because data probes require a certain level of mechanical skill in order to place the probe .
the higher the skill 's level the more data probes you can install throughout mira .
not only that most treasure nodes in primordia and a good chunk of nodes in noctilum are accessed via the mechanical skill .
do n't worry if you reach a point where you 're at mechanical lvl 4 and you ca n't access lvl 5 because you ca n't upgrade it anymore .
once you 're at lvl 4 with a skill a basic mission will pop up on the mission board called off the record '' .
if you complete the riddles the mission gives then you will be rewarded with the lvl 5 field skill that mission gives .
however some of the mission objectives require you to be at a considerable point later on in the game so do n't expect to get lvl 5 immediately .
however there are 4 specific enemy variants you should be on the lookout for in the early game .
suids ' drops are almost all very important in the early game .
their drops help improve armor with ranged attack up melee attack up and potential up at the early upgrade levels as well as craft lvl 5 augments for those same effects .
specifically these drops are muscled suid bulge appetizing suid tail and fleecy fur .
break all of the suids ' parts to get the most out of their drops .
as for the other 3 they drop poisonous needles pristine claws and insect jaws respectively which are all required materials for the lvl 20 archtype weapons that can be crafted at the am terminal .
for those that may not know most archtype weapons are your first real '' weapons that can get you through most parts of the game before having to upgrade to the next archtype level or getting a better weapon overall .
for the drops break adseculas ' stingers scirpos ' claws and germivores ' flowers '' to get the drops easier .
all 3 can be found relatively easily out in noctilum but adseculas and scirpos can be found in primordia as well .
after you complete chapter 3 you will unlock access to squad tasks and squad missions .
you can check what enemies to kill or collectibles to collect by holding r1 and pressing l1 to browse through the squad task targets .
orange indicates common enemies red indicates tyrants and blue indicates collectibles .
if you clear a squad task a squad mission will unlock back at the blade barracks .
required levels and rewards vary based on which tasks were completed but the ones that are within your level range always have good rewards so whenever a task is completed go back to the barracks if you have time and check to see if you can do any of the squad missions .
do them with your npc party if you can and get the rewards .
the rewards include reward tickets which you can use to trade in for some enemy drops you may need to complete certain crafting recipes .
while you 're out exploring mira like dora the explorer you 'll come across some unique locations like fn sites base camps or bcs for short scenic locations and unexplored locations .
these locations give more than just experience upon discovery .
just by discovering bcs and fn sites you gain a good amount of bp to upgrade your arts and skills while scenic locations and unexplored locations count as sightseeing spots which allow you to generate more revenue if the relative fn site is using a research probe .
discovering also gives you division points which can give you more blade levels especially if you 're a pathfinder or prospector .
so if you see something cool or unique out in the distance take some time to explore it .
bp is the resource you use to upgrade your arts and skills .
however unlike credits and miranium bp is limited in terms of acquisition outside of support missions which can only be accessed when you beat the game and squad missions which only give 2 per mission .
the other ways you can gain bp are as follows
early on bp will come easily as you explore but later on they will come slower and slower so do n't spend bp needlessly on arts or skills you do n't like or want to use .
instead save your bp for arts and skills you really like and only upgrade then to just lvl 3 .
any higher than lvl 3 and it will be too expensive .
for spending bp i recommend putting points into skills before arts because skills are cross-class whereas arts are unique only to their associated weapon .
put bp into arts for the weapon you think you will stick with for most of the game you will be able to use another class 's weapons after you maxed out their class 's level to the highest amount so do n't worry about abandoning your favorite weapon when you change classes .
there are a ton of items to get in xenoblade x from monster drops to gear to collectables collected from the blue diamonds floating all around .
aside from any gear you may not want to use keep everything you get because it 's bound to be useful at one point in the game either with crafting or mission objectives .
for gear you may not want there 's the treasure deal option on the loot collection screen .
treasure deal lets you offer an unwanted drop to other squad members .
the participating members get a random undisclosed roll on the gear and whoever is the lucky winner gets the gear .
this also works with you as well if you enabled squad notifications so you can get gear from others as well .
treasure deal from what i hear also gives you division points so treasure deal is not a bad idea if you do n't feel like selling it or keeping it .
everyone will say join prospectors it gives the best division spoils '' but division spoils are just half of the benefits you get from joining a certain division .
most activities give you division points which are used to increase your blade level but certain divisions give more division points for certain activities based on what the division represents .
here 's the different divisions and their slant towards player playstyles
interceptors the aggressive questers favoring those who like to kill stuff on missions
harriers the hunters made solely for those who like killing things
reclaimers the treasure hunters for those who like finding treasure nodes and getting good loot drops
curators the collectors people who like to collect things both common and rare
prospectors the fortune collectors emphesizing on making money miranium and anything that makes people feel rich
outfitters the crafters and merchants people who like to improve store wares and crafting equipment and augments
mediators the helpers emphasizing on helping others both npcs and other blades
on top of division spoils and division points divisions also periodically grant special division buffs during battle .
you gain a buff based on which division you belong to but you can gain the division buffs of other divisions at the same time if you request for division support from other blades .
that 's it for what i can think of .
if you guys have any other tips or pieces of advice for others leave a comment .
this took a while to put together so i hope this helps !
i keep refering to party members as npcs but you can actually play as party members .
just put the person you want to play as on the top of the list and put yourself on a lower part of the list .
say you win the powerball or somehow have hundreds of millions and wanted to collect every car in forza .
let 's assume that it 's top tier modern training and he 'd be hitting his peak now in 2016 .
so let 's assume he 's in his late 20s early 30s for this one .
let 's also assume that his trainers are 100 competent healthy and have a good working relationship with mike .
also let 's assume that he does n't run into drug/personal problems along the way .
second round let 's assume that he has a good working relationship with his trainers but his personality causes issues for him along the way .
add shadow-smoks or leave psn class and light level below
hi reddit i have two credit cards with my bank i only use one of them since that one has rewards that come with it .
is it better to just leave the card in the back of my closet and forget about or should i cancel it which i heard can lower your credit score .
i 'm looking to either buy or trade for a b condition lamy studio with a fine 14k nib .
if you 're interested i have several pens and inks to trade but i 'm also open to just buying it if we can reach an agreement .
either comment or pm me if you 're interested .
as the growing nationalist socialist cause in argentina arms for war we believe they would like a mascot to rally behind .
after some ahem less than public events with our old fascist leaning leader we know that he is in sao paulo after originally fleeing to argentina .
we would like to invite him back to argentina to speak with these soldiers .
imagine you are the sole winner of a huge jackpot .
i almost bought the kross 88 today but then i noticed it has 0 knobs .
the roland juno is nice but it kind of just feels like a really big midi controller and it only has 1 mod wheel .
so do you use the attack/etc knobs enough that you need it on the keyboard or will a midi controller be fine ?
is there any keyboard you 'd recommend over the kross/juno for less than 1000 ?
quick info i 'm more of a piano guy than a synth guy but i still love the shit out of synths .
i 'll be playing classical solo rock/blues in a band .
i 've only been playing on a 100 casio keyboard for a few months so would love input from experts .
hey keepers so i started playing soccer as a 16 year old last year .
i fell in love and played on an elite club team during the summer and fall .
and now a year later i have gone from backup jv to starting varsity keeper for my highschool .
we 've played 4 games this season so far and i have attached highlights below .
i have a home server rocking windows 8 today and it hosts about six vms through hyper-v performing various functions .
has anyone with hyper-v vms here done an in-place win8 to win10 upgrade ?
did your vms come right back online no surprises in win10 ?
i am just having a look at the google search console and the bing webmaster page .
would a regular blog-website running on a custom design blogger template be able to get a sitemap ?
also how important is a sitemap to your ranking on search engines ?
edit in the title i meant to ask how easy is it to generate sitemaps to submit to google and bing ? '' .
also to confirm are yahoo and bing search one and the same ?
when i try to submit to the yahoo index it redirects me to bing .
if i am to cut the cord i have to satisfy the watchers in my household .
one such channel fox news does n't seem to be available in an hd real-time feed without a cable subscription .
unfortunately since this is our household 's most-watched channel it has thus far been a deal-breaker .
am i overlooking a package/combo that would let us stream fox news and other such channels live to a tv in some legitimate manner ?
i had read that channel offers a live stream now for cable subscribers but that would defeat the goal of cutting the cord in favor of streaming if a cable tv sub is still required .
first i love women and hers femininity i have no doubt about that .
but i am extremely attracted to the femininity of transvestites 'sissies ' i do n't know how to name it sorry for example .
while the idea of ​​a man with male physical and psychological characteristics sexually disgust me .
i never had any physical contact with a person with this attributes but i fantasized a lot in my mind and feel attracted when i see one .
i do n't have anyone to talk about it .
after recent events in my life i think i 've come to terms with the fact that i might be crazy .
with 4.0 all operations are now set to level 65 correct ?
the only way anyone under that level would have to complete it through the group finder thanks to the bolster .
that means that people who want to experience the story in it 's entirety http orig00.deviantart.net/005d/f/2015/012/3/f/swtor_story_progression__planets_and_flashpoints_by_dreamingeisha-d6wwupy.jpg that would mean they 'd have to wait x amount of days in order to experience it in chronological order .
by adding something like solo ops that would diminish this game even further from being an mmo .
my idea is to bring back the level and/or item rating requirements and not to add the jesus droid .
adds a good way to get closer to your team after your class story .
the sad thing about this however is that all of the companions would be quiet .
now with the right quirks/modifications i 'm sure operations could become doable with 1 person and 5 ai .
get rid of certain tank swap mechanics and your team would be 1 tank 3 dps 2 heals .
after i play a game in this week 's tavers brawl or every time i loose a game of this tavern brawl not sure everything is slower like the animations drawing cards time minions take to attack .
it 's not slow like when you have a connection problem everything is happening at the time you command them to but it takes more time to finish the animations and stuff .
i 'm interested in upgrading heart of swarm to digital deluxe however they do n't offer it anymore on the blizzard store .
when i click buy now the store tells me i 'm eligible for upgrade at a discounted price of 40usd however it takes me to the digital deluxe for the complete trilogy .
this option does n't make much sense to me as i already have collector 's edition for wings of liberty and legacy of the void .
i 'm from the uk fitness freak very positive attitude so i do post motivation now and then and i often have a 'do n't care ' attitude where i just snap those crazy moments you would n't normally let people see !
i will not be enticed by flirty/nude snaps so do n't waste your time .
first ever post on here so apologises for coming across as a noob
ok so years ago i was looking up a phone number for my dad .
we found intelius online and did the 7 phone check .
at the time we did not know that the whole thing is a scam .
here http o.aolcdn.com/dims-global/dims3/glob/resize/1823x839/quality/80/http tctechcrunch2011.files.wordpress.com/2008/05/intelliusscamn.jpg is the image that popped up after you were done .
as you can see there 's the bright orange 'yes ' and right below is the 'no thanks ' .
being fifteen at the time i looked and saw the top part where it says 'free for 7 days ' to which i assumed meant that it would be just that a trial .
but no it actually enrolls you in a monthly charge for 20 per month .
by now it 's been a little over 1800 .
i read online that apparently this happens a lot and you can file it as fraud with your bank .
so my first step was to send them a request for a refund .
i 'll wait for a reply and if they refuse i 'll try going to my bank but if there is anything else i can do please let me know .
edit forgot to say the email i used back then was one i do n't regularly check anymore .
secondly the charges on my dad 's card were there but because i do n't read them he did n't check them either .
another thing is that the billing address on the intelius for the card is our old address and the 'cardholder name ' is not even his name .
it 's just washington mutual with our old address but the correct card number .
crunchyroll http www.crunchyroll.com/naruto-shippuden/episode-444-leaving-the-village-687645 always the first to be available !
torrent links from horriblesubs http horriblesubs.info download at your own risk
click here http www.narutoforums.com/showthread.php ? t=501381 for a complete overview of all episodes chapters .
building a great community takes effort from everyone involved .
the moderation team creates the framework in which the members of the community operate however we can not do everything .
post any lower quality content questions to the forum threads demote down vote topics that are low quality .
use the report button and message the moderators for posts that break community rules .
give back to the community at least in proportion to what you take from the community .
does the topic have a simple answer or is it a yes no question ?
does the topic have a greater appeal than to just yourself or a few people ?
is the topic a beginner question '' and has more than likely already been answered in a 2 year old forum ?
is an answer to the topic easily findable by searching r/steroids ?
are you new to aas and have n't used our forum thread to ask your first 5-10 questions ?
is the topic about your ai ester switch cycle review or similar items that have been covered 1,000 times ?
some of my friends have recently told me they wanted to play pso2 and try it maybe the anime has something to do with that ?
problem is that i do n't know how will i guide them through pso2 since is their first pso game .
did the game changed on any shape of form ?
pso2 was one of my favorite mmos but had to drop it because i did n't had enough time so in the end i forgot it remembering the secondary password will be 10/10 .
i 'm not trying to do stand up but simply the craft after a long day of work on a weekday
that end ... oh god i fucking love dota !
mostly interested in the pokemon omega ruby but will take a cheap pokemon x as well .
edit i meant pokemon x in the title sorry for the fail x.x
w32 end week 33 power play standings https www.reddit.com/r/elitemahon/comments/40wm2s/week_33_power_play_standings by marcomads
we will try to reduce the workload as much as possible .
here is the list of the top unfinished systems that we spreadsheet people think we will need push us into good standing this week .
most up to date list https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1q9hr8igdcuixncst57-v9zzguh9oxevfvuwp8udyjbq/pubhtml ? gid=1140398739 single=true
fast track fortification routes now in list linked above https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1q9hr8igdcuixncst57-v9zzguh9oxevfvuwp8udyjbq/pubhtml ? gid=1140398739 single=true
please select one of these systems ... in the preparations page and click nominate .
then slide your nominations counter to the right and submit .
spreadsheet overview for week 22 https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1q9hr8igdcuixncst57-v9zzguh9oxevfvuwp8udyjbq by cmdr vectron and cmdr steven
fast track fortification routes https www.reddit.com/r/elitemahon/comments/3gea2b/fasttrackfriendly_traderoutes_for_all_control by cmdr iggart ozz
try deleting galacticpoliticspowerbases.cache '' and galacticpoliticspowers.cache '' in appdata fix provided by cmdr kay pacha cmdr iggart ozz
at some point my magus bladebound/kensai is going to run into mythic tiers .
my first thought was to go down the dual path rout taking archmage and champion .
in hardpoint currently you get absolutely no score for staying in the hardpoint .
you get 100 points for initially securing it but after that you get nothing .
i usually get 3:00-3:30of hardpoint time every game and i 'm not in the top 3 while the people who were on the opposite side of the map just going for kills are .
i think you should get 50 points every 5 seconds just like you get 50 points every 5 seconds for escorting the robot in safeguard .
my average time is 165 in hardpoint and i should be rewarded for ptfo'ing not ignored .
my website only scores 48 on moz local and i can not improve it using the free service .
i have started accounts at all of the places moz says i do n't have accounts and attempted the fixes it has listed .
moz says they can get me to over 90 with a paid account .
my question is if i do pay for moz local at 85 annual to fix my listings does that affect where i will rank for the same content on google searches ?
why do they censor out fuck '' when rick says it but in rixty minutes the one with interdimensional cable the garfield parody is allowed to say fuck '' with no censor ?
the only stat awp w 4 howoling dawn strickers on exchange http images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/352771657375603358/a7b9da73392fa41c8491b7104c3d7bd1b3e79825 b/o 200k
sorry if this is a duplicate post i did have a quick scan and could n't see anything .
i 'm trying to play psychonauts on steam for the first time and ill is okay managed to get the psychopad addon installed for xbox button prompts but the controller i use for my pc games afterglow xbox 360 just wo n't respond in game .
it registers there is a controller as the button prompts do change but i ca n't do anything with it .
first off i ca n't believe i 'm already at this point of my pregnancy seriously time needs to slow down .
i 'm pretty sure this is going to hurt a bit as my vagina has n't had anything inside of it for several weeks now since we have n't been having as much sex .
when we do have sex man that first insertion point is painful !
it makes me suck my breath in real quick and sharp and all i can do is squeeze my boyfriends arm until things loosen up a bit only takes a few seconds but those few seconds hurt !
i 'm pretty sure i already know that he 's gon na say i 'm not dilated at all since i have zero signs or symptoms as of yet 36+3 so it 's just like ugh .
i do n't want to opt out of it either though so i 'm just trying to go with the flow since that 's what i do best .
i 'm just a bit nervous about it is all but i 'll be okay
i stumbled upon this subreddit while trying to figure out why i could n't find any news reference to a guy who was put to death in pa in the late '90s .
i lived in a neighboring state at the time but remember the news reports because it was a short amount of time by death penalty standards from conviction to execution .
granted it was the early days of the internet so this might not be digital .
he does n't show up on the wiki of executed people in pa https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_people_executed_in_pennsylvania which started my digging around .
i do n't care enough to actually visit libraries and research anything in print but i am curious .
i am a swedish student currently doing a project/paper regarding the use and psychological effects of social media .
in my paper i 'd like to add data regarding the use of social media and i would like for everyone who sees this to answer the questions in the form in the link below .
also please share the link on as many social media platforms as possible .
it 's a google form titled what 's social media to you ? ''
and will be up until preliminary 10th of march were i 'll collect all data i 've received and compile it .
please do copy this text along with the hyper link and share it on as many social medias as possible !
as i 'd like to get data from as many parts of the world wide web as possible !
looking also at sakura gakuin seems that amuse management is wise let the things flow naturally without stressing them and not pull them for money wich i think it 's the best way .
this is not excluding audience because you just cant make killing or pr0n game for children ... just like no one is legally allowed to sell vodka to children .
the problem is that you must understand what you are actually doing you are not making bones crushing game for children its a game for at least 16 if not just 18 .
obviously if you will make your game for 3 years old children no adult will buy that game for themselves so you have to choose 18 because of the size of the market and the genre of your game .
maybe not for the pl but it is for the bundesliga ligue 1 liga ecc
its from the last episode of johnny karate when they show a load of shots from the show i think
maybe they will buff his attack speed or reload abilities seems clunky atm .
now that we said raw int '' so many times i have to ask is there no raw int ?
there 's a really obvious bug unrelated to the arming range .
if he did it i think its sad that the worst sentence is only 10 years in prison .
there have been cases of kids lying about these things to get back at an adult even with the support of friends to bolster their lie .
a couple weeks ago i took the 5 mindfulness trainings which felt right though i did feel a bit like an outsider so maybe i should head up to blue cliff monastery sometime in ny which would not be too far .
at the same time the teacher i listen to most is gil fronsdal of the insight tradition .
though maybe that makes sense since he was ordained zen before becoming a theravadan monastic .
it would be much harder for me to get across the country to california .
either way doubt is easy without a set path and personal relationship with a teacher .
i honestly thought he said it was called the fraud ''
i wish to learn and speak danish but the language seems so difficult and i am not a fan of messing up my order in a coffee shop or not understanding grocery store labels .
... then study danish while you are there and in anticipation .
if you want to learn the language learn the language .
do n't go there and choose to be in an anglophone only environment and be pissy about it .
if it is a real job offer that you have and you are n't getting conned with it go have fun do some work and see a new place .
a little bit of effort with the language will go a long way .
i mean safety wise we 'll still be okay if we do it tonight if i start taking the pill tomorrow ?
i still have nightmares about it when it showed up during the speed !
challenge i was going so well and she ruined everything .
done all of my bruh 's i didnt had any patience i was frithened like hell so sold it for 23 keys
next patch or the february patch i am guessing .
it should give you the option to click the install button which will automatically download and install them .
your submission has been automatically removed because your account does not meet the minimum karma or age requirements for r/marketing .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/marketing if you have any questions or concerns .
i lift and i easily hit roughly 90g a day of protein without powder although i do sometimes get myself some at about 3100 kcal a day .
peanut butter lentils rice good grainy bread beans oats it adds up very quickly .
i also hit my fibre target and then some so my poos are amazing d
i find if you self-volunteer for the things that need doing in strikes they just get done .
no offence to any random guardians out there but when we 're doing saber it 'd be super rad if you could grab the relic if you 're nearby not just look at it and be sad about lightning .
super wish there were text chat so you could ask people if they knew what was up or ask questions yourself .
not everyone has wants to use likes using mics unfortunately .
who actually want to make china a better place get silenced .
if she really wants china to be a better place then why is n't she publishing books giving speeches and lectures on western culture and ideals while exposing the inherent ills of the chinese civilization ?
your submission has been automatically removed pending manual approval because your account does not meet the minimum karma or account age requirements of r/worldnews for submitting from an uncommon domain .
if you are new to reddit we suggest you read
you may also want to review the reddit guidelines regarding spam http www.reddit.com/help/faq whatconstitutesspam and the wiki on self-promotion on reddit http www.reddit.com/wiki/selfpromotion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/worldnews if you have any questions or concerns .
yes son obviously all of history was shaped by your people .
look up the history of technology and take a look at the factors responsible for rapid advancement .
the answer to your question is right there but i know you wo n't look for it .
i would only try to engage you in a discussion if you had an opinion worth sharing but you do n't .
instead you mumble your mildly racist thoughts to yourself and maybe post them anonymously devoid of facts .
you and i both know you would n't say any of that in public !
have fun trying to keep your gene pool white and pure !
i barely made it through the first episode of reborn .
i do n't think he picks it at all ?
if he picks it he 's making the adjustment towards leg early as it was he did n't move until it had hit the pitch and is just reacting to the movement off the pitch .
we hope to have both episodes translated by may of 2015 http imgur.com/gbel4ro
in an actual role-playing game you face the consequences for shooting someone important in the face .
unfortunately todd violence is funny '' howard has shifted fo way too far into a regular horde shooter .
expecting details on how the lnp has deliberately poison pilled '' the project and solid plans on how they will finally kill it after the next election and sell all the good assets to telstra and leave the hfc network to rot .
i love this ive a 3 yo obsessed with ponies and mermaids is there a pattern or did you free hand ?
stanley in his college years ... .when he was all about getting fucked up and not being about that fuckboy life .
b waza-ari 15 seconds or more but less than 20 seconds .
c yuko 10 seconds or more but less than 15 seconds .
it 's not like it can cart you in 3 shots !
what i like about the sub is that they put being asian above being a feminist .
yes different forms of desu are used at the end of sentences but i did not say that that is n't the case i said the the word desu alone is n't used always at the end of a sentence not that it 's different forms are n't used .
unfortunately since your account has less than 10 combined karma u/me and new account spam makes up a significant portion of all spam your post was automatically removed .
however you may still contribute by commenting on existing posts in r/technology !
additionally you may make meaningful contributions to other subreddits subreddits to increase your karma count .
if you believe this is a legitimate submission please message the moderators message/compose ? to=/r/technology subject=request for post review account karma to have them manually review your post or wait a few days and try again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/technology if you have any questions or concerns .
ahhh vertibird crashes are about as common as earthquakes in oklahoma now .
well there was angus scrimm david margulies and now brian bedford .
though maybe they can finally put that silly goku vs superman debate to rest given that superman was clearly the winner .
it really depends on which versions you 're using .
current goku shits on quite a few versions of superman but there are some versions of superman that are ridiculous see thought robot silver age
nathan asked he 'd always both loved and hated the mix of people who came to arcadia bay .
i like how even rookie jobbers get to improve over the weeks .
the british guy i forgot his name please remind me improved from his previous appearance while corey hollis did almost nothing in his match vs elias sampson .
and the creamy latte is either a hit or a miss in my opinion .
the fact that it makes you want to shit even more is just a giant benefit
i do takes a while to get used to it but damn it 's a fine pice of hardware
how about you just wait 10 seconds for the medusa to buy back ?
nah better feed with our 3 heroes that are alive .
d d thats what they say about the cs go spec mode to the cheaters and know what
i spoted cheaters regardless actually it is far more easyser to detect cheaters
with less movement shown since the obvious aim movement is intensified d
the concept of extra deck slots is something that can be accomplished quicker with greater man power .
plus people have been asking for almost 2 years blizzard acknowledged it for almost 2 years at least .
i do n't understand how people can defend them they 're a multi billion dollar company which has more than enough resources to accomplish what has been requested .
romcoms are my favorite and we can agree on that nisekoi score
i just find it annoying when people just sit around sjwing about problems that are in a country they will never be to .
do what you like ive lost interest about the matter .
have a kde desktop set up with wobbly windows and the desktop cube .
it 's a classic and proven way to get people 's attention before showing them the amazing power of linux .
when i got false positived last summer and banned for cheating '' the only way i got my account back was making a stink here on reddit and getting radar 's attention .
dbg/soe 's support has always been top tier garbage when it comes to this kind of stuff .
i have a couple friends that got caught and mistakenly banned in the recent wave one got it reversed but the others i do n't know yet so it 's well within my interests to see a positive end to this .
udyr has far better early game pressure with his stun shyvana does n't have that till 6 but still no real cc .
if you mean moving with that pointnteleport type mechanic you 're going to see that a lot .
that 's how a number of devs have decided to do locomotion in room-scale vr .
for the most part you shoot to move but you can walk around in your immediate area .
are you implying the s p was fairly valued at 2100 and you 're expecting a reversion to the mean back to 2100 ?
i think it 's very bold to take a round piece of steel and both declare it to be a 1943 unstruck steel cent planchet '' and a mint error '' .
iirc some guy from mmo-c forums did the math and crit has a lower value than mastery after reaching the softcap .
the only thing i am not sure of is if it was only for ef builds so i might be wrong on this one .
upon selecting the level you begin holding a before the level actually starts .
the controller is just an interface used for interaction with the game .
what matters is n't the physical pressing of the button but whether the block of code related to pressing the button is executed .
as the level has n't started when a is pressed the press a '' block of code is n't executed .
therefore the commands related to pressing the button were n't used to beat the level .
if anything calling it 0.5 presses is incorrect because there is no execution of pressing a just code related to pressing other buttons and checking if a is being held .
it 's just people ignoring fact and pissing all over each other uselessly .
like for example i could argue that light yagami is the strongest .
or someone like lelouch could just look at saitama and be like kill yourself ''
i really hate these sort of fights because it 's pointless.﻿
looks like those crappy transformer toys you 'd get from mcdonald 's happy meals
i 've been looking through my submission related ... and nothing .
i 'm gon na huff i 'm gon na puff i 'm gon na blow your house down ... ..
if 9/11 happened today we 'd only have to wait 3 more months for christmas .
about the free tank stats if you jump in the enemy team and one shot their adc when the other members of the team engage on you the tank stats doesnt matter
it 'll fill you up and quench your thirst .
edit noticed on your profile you are from truro .
he 's lucky to get away with the armbar .
i have a non golden brawl so its just the same to me
see the first reason is the exact shit that were talking about .
it was the only fast-food place on my block .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required post labels .
please read the post labels section in the sidebar for more information .
if you 're looking for roster advice then please use the weekly wdis who do i start megathread .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fantasylcs if you have any questions or concerns .
zak george has a couple of youtube videos which might help you .
i 'm on mobile so i ca n't easily link them but they should n't be hard to find .
the is300 just like a 3-series except nobody bought one .
oic using the old one i 'm sure is fine for now .
yeah thankfully i have n't had depression since like 2013 but yeah it did suck .
i do want to try syndicate since i 'm a big fan of saints row
didnt feel like turning any of my closer friends into animals so i took the opportunity to sketch a black bear in bathrobe http i.imgur.com/3g2nwqc.jpg
u/redakks gave a link to the qanda but it did n't have bernie 's awesome reaction so here you go !
i 'm not saying they should n't publish it .
i 'm saying i 've understood all of their satire and i 've never once thought it was clever or interesting the least bit .
if anything it was distasteful but mostly it was just fucking boring .
it 's pretty likely he is an eagle scout which is honestly a hugely challenging accomplishment .
however as far as i know i only made it to first class rank scouts are n't supposed to advocate political stances in uniform .
this build is pretty great however i see the lack of any charisma as being a bit of an issue .
with the way i play at least all my builds must start at at least 3 cha so i can be within a few levels of local leader which is almost necessary if you ever wan na build settlements and have shops late game plus building workbenches in different areas and all that and building extra power armor stations is pretty nice .
so id recommend a lower starting perception and maybe less luck in order to get higher cha but thats just me .
i know it sounds silly but have you ever tried wearing leggings under your pants ?
i do that when its super windy and it looks normal !
i do n't wear my tiiiightest skinny jeans but they 're still tight .
hardest would be sakuya imo but anubis also has a good case .
hopefully one day i 'll find and land my dream job as well !
i 've never been in that strike where i have n't been the one to do it .
the photo actually only captures about half the garage .
and it 's more like stuff that he happened upon maybe ordered some posters on his bday over 2 years .
that the fish is 'fine ' afterwards is irrelevant this is fucking cruel .
they might have survived if they had n't gone with that name .
in america that name reminds us of the old bin laden videos .
sexual predators often escalate their behaviors and peeing in public is a way to expose one 's self while still having an excuse albeit a shitty one .
so i think someone peeing around children in public should be charged because they could easily find a bathroom .
however my friends ' developmentally disabled uncle caught this charge when he peed at our little league game .
that is a time when this law goes wrong and special circumstances like having the development of a young child should be considered .
none of this matters though because you 're just using a strawman to be condescending to someone who is having some anxiety about sex offenders being allowed near children .
except for the fact humans have lived that way forever .
and revolutions always result in a similar government so do n't give me that arguement .
that 's a great start but you ca n't say you eliminated student loans if they have to pay 60 percent of it back
i mean he should be higher than mad dog and amber at the very least .
i think all of the comments point to one thing you need something extra with bass whether it 's in-ear or an on-stage amp .
on the amp side it does not need to be some huge stack or combo just something that serves as a monitor .
i saw a band recently in a decent-sized club playing this markbass combo http www.markbass.it/product_detail.php ? id=39 .
he was in the foh mix but not in the monitor mix .
for in-ears check out what other bass players think like this thread http www.talkbass.com/threads/bestest-cheapest-in-ear-monitor-system-for-bass.1100112 .
one other possibility is to get a powered monitor like this carvin http www.carvinaudio.com/products/pm15a-molded-active-main-monitor-speaker or a behringer http www.musiciansfriend.com/pro-audio/behringer-eurolive-b115d-2-way-active-pa-speaker ? rntt=behringer 20eurolive index=3 i have an older version of this .
these are under 40 pounds and easy to carry .
the only 5 stars i have as free to play
it 's ok to see people blown to pieces but people cry when they hear words .
your goal is to shove the wave with malefic visions and your voidlings so that every minion dies with malefic visions on it .
you can generally shove your opponent under tower with just won malefic visions ravaging its way across the wave accelerated by your autos and the occasional q or w to ensure it does n't expire if the minion aggro is n't working with you .
as long as you make sure you 're getting the creeps this will basically always generate a cs lead for you and you can then come back with catalyst/roa/a fuckton of dorans/whatever and work on killing your opponent with a flash combo once you hit six .
or you could just not save history in the first place .
just dont get a contract if its bugging you so much .
this is the first time in almost 3 years that i have gotten to do something so this feels great ! !
usually i just apologize and let them insult me .
this time was different because they were even more belligerent than usual plus the charge back basically amounts to bullying .
they are hoping that if they threaten us that we will give them free stuff or a credit .
lol i thought the title said guldo '' at first like you were gon na set him up with the world or something xd
it looks like this post has some tables that i might be able to parse .
to keep things tidy and not detract from actual discussion of these tables please make your u/roll_one_for_me requests as children to this comment .
you can find details about me at this https www.reddit.com/r/dndbehindthescreen/comments/3rryc9/introducing_a_new_bot_uroll_one_for_me_for_all post .
if it looks like i 've gone off the rails and might be summoning skynet let u/purelyapplied know even though he sees all of these because of the mentions anyway .
i still watch his fight vs moen whenever i wan na watch someone catch a good ol fashioned pummeling .
the match went longer then i thought it would and that is n't a bad thing .
its crazy how we start even with teams then crush the last half
i 've noticed this too same thing with some health components .
maybe they use some parts '' of the component p
unless it all adds up i 'm not going to check that 's a level of caring that i have for very little .
it 's often described as besieged though example https www.amnesty.org/en/documents/mde24/2079/2015/en .
and that 's the only area that can really count which would be large enough .
there 's a few other smaller areas but they would n't amount to 180k .
i 've been fooled once when i asked for a light lager and a got a yuengling light .
i have n't been there myself but some friends of mine were there last week and they never had much complimentary to say .
they liked the atmosphere but said everything else was sorely lacking attentiveness of wait staff speed of service quality of food and so on .
i 'll put it this way they had to ask that several of their plates go back as they were all very cold almost as if they were ready fifteen minutes before they actually made it to the table .
they are free to do whatever they want with the proceeds from the game .
having lost my father to cancer however the story sounds like it would hit a bit too close to home for my liking .
i might pick it up in the future if it 's really cheap more so if there was a statement about at least some of the proceeds being donated to cancer research .
tl dr small chance i might pick it up as is bigger chance i would pick it up if some money went to cancer research .
why would he randomly be training otters to play dead
fuck isfp artsy sensor chick should be a good sensual time .
kill infp they 'll probably kill themselves anyway and i can avoid the messy murder charge .
yeah i pretty much was only happy because she was in my life .
if your job has a lot of research involved there should will be biostatisticians that you will collaborate with .
kragg has always been a mediocre character that people complain about for the exact same reasons as they do grapplers in other fighting games .
he absolutely dominates mediocre players because of how high the rewards off reads are but if you actually know how to parry he 's trivial .
i 'm not sure why people thought his side b was a problem for instance you parry it and you get a massive punish window .
you take a dynamic character and rather than nerf stuff like his combo game you just take out what makes him interesting .
it destroys the character and even worse it 's a boring solution .
i would have been happy with nerfs as long as the character had remained intact but as it stands i have very little interest in playing forsburn anymore .
by the way if you just boil grinds with water in a pot let it settle and pour off the liquid its called turkish coffee . ''
something interesting to many europeans is that americans by and large shun instant coffee .
it might do in an emergency but not something you consume unless zombies are clawing at your door .
drip machines are very cheap and found in most households .
esspresso and related drinks while commonly consumed are not usually made at home .
many home coffee machines have a timer function so that you set the water and grounds at night the machine turns itself on and the coffee 's made when you wake up .
i 'll just drop lotr as it has n't been said yet more appealing in the sense of glory than violence my favourite being the ride of the rohirrim and theoden 's speech .
i 'm not saying that makes it okay to steal .
i 'm simply saying that might be why some people do it .
i 've browsed through the forum a couple of times looking for cool cover art to print out but i 'm not an actual contributor .
i think i 'm just gon na go with the standard despecialized edition covers unless there are any good ones you 'd recommend .
holy crap are you really still using a phone on 2.2 ?
when jon did not appear to fetch the old bear 's breakfast from the kitchen they 'd look in his cell and find longclaw on the bed .
it had been hard to abandon it but jon was not so lost to honor as to take it with him .
even jorah mormont had not done that when he fled in disgrace .
doubtless lord mormont would find someone more worthy of the blade .
jon felt bad when he thought of the old man .
he knew his desertion would be salt in the still-raw wound of his son 's disgrace .
that seemed a poor way to repay him for his trust but it could n't be helped .
no matter what he did jon felt as though he were betraying someone .
if it does n't do it for you there 's no harm in moving on to hl2 .
save black mesa for last since it does things rather differently from valve 's games .
i never had this problem it seems like more of a hassle to try to listen to music while i 'm out than just to dedicate a bunch of my time at home to listening to music .
i usually am just at home sitting at my desk with my vali athpro700mk2 listen to dubstep anyways .
it 's not the type of music i would want to listen to public the best isolating headphones can do nothing for the insane amount of bass .
i would assume the solution to your problems is to get a portable music player that has a decent amp/dac in it .
my favourite is probably final fantasy fables chocobo tales .
it 's a really charming game with a delightful art style .
i usually go greaves on him it can be quite game winning on him because he can farm fast enough to get them for the early team fights and the regen/armour/dispel is amazing .
i 'll have to try octarine i do n't normally get it because it just seems so expensive .
tbh i use it because i liked his personality .
when i was a kid i wanted to grow up to be as cool as he was .
raiyen i was similar to you knew the present would be late so let them know .
sent it to new address as requested they messaged to say they had got it and it was under the tree .
then nothing i messaged just to ask them to post the gift did n't ask if they 'd like it or anything like that .
i put quite a bit of thought into that gift they had very little on the likes to go on so i did my best and had only joined reddit a month before so i guess they only joined for the gift and i can only assume that my gift was n't good enough .
to add insult to injury i also never got a gift .
this is the 3rd secret santa i 've taken part in and the 2nd i 've not received anything .
i will still take part next time though but this one has been the worst
started rolling dreads in jail cause i was so bored..
took like an hour to brush em out tonight wondering how smart that was..
but you will also not be known as that guy '' so not fair enough .
to be known as that guy '' for taking out your junk you need to work at a place where taking out your junk is n't normal !
i mean i have never really paid much attention to it but even as a dutch person i would say not greeting someone properly is rather rude .
even if it 's a stranger you meet for the first time you open yourself up to them get some eye contact firm handshake and you say 'pleasure to meet you ' or something along the lines .
now i do know that we dutchies keep to ourselves a lot .
we are generally not too keen on stranger contact especially physical and for greetings we like to keep it short and simple .
i 'm sure they do n't hate you though .
well i think a lot of dutch people do n't like to be super formal about things .
some do of course and it 's best to always start off polite but if you notice somebody is n't making much effort to be formal with you do n't take it too personally .
it usually shows that they 're feeling comfortable around you rather than that they 're disrespecting you .
for the price of one small room with a shared kitchen you could get three rooms someplace else .
i study in amsterdam but i chose to live somewhere else nearby because of the ridiculous prices .
the only thing juice fasts are good for is kick-starting your self discipline .
if you can drink nothing but juice for 7 days more power to ya .
it 's a game that blends great gameplay with great storytelling in a way not many people have seen before .
that 's why its getting the reactions it is people find it new fresh and enjoyable .
if you think people are having the wrong feelings about games and that their feelings should be in line with your feelings then i guess you just do n't get how opinions work .
smash him with your dslr camera as long as he is flashed !
give the guy his due he does a good scowl .
do n't they kill pigs many at a time ?
i saw footage once of a group of pigs on an electrified floor essentially .
the cows though they bolt '' one at a time .
and people do n't choose to work in a slaughterhouse for the love of the animals .
many people choose shelter work precisely for that reason though so all the more heartbreaking .
this post was removed because it was missing the required safari unknown tag for unknown safari threads .
if you are a new user and do n't know which pokemon you have please insert safari unknown in the title of your post and try again .
if you know what your safari pokemon are please add them to your flair http friendsafaribot.tumblr.com and try again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/friendsafari if you have any questions or concerns .
she was never abused sexually in the show or the comics
i 'm pretty sure shanes teeth age 10 times faster in exchange for him staying young
these are dark times there is no denying it .
our world has perhaps faced no greater sadness so far in this year .
but we shall remain strong and remember both alan rickman and david bowie as they will never truly die !
they will always be alive in our hearts and with their legacies that they gift us with .
because can have the ball away every second time he touched it .
he was nowhere near as good as people on this sub seem to think he was .
have it away almost as much as sakho and ibe .
in my experience the whole system takes less than half an hour and most of that time is spent in the system of the actually remittance offices .
the part that rebit does is as far as i can tell instant .
i heard he 's in the kkk and la eme .
how many of you are city folk and how many of you have lived on a farm or in this case a salvage yard and done a lot of manual labor ?
you get cuts and scrapes on your hands regularly .
is the urban myth true can a coin dropped from the top of a skyscraper actually kill someone ?
the short answer says physicist jon butterworth of university college london is no .
it could n't even burn flesh – except in certain circumstances .
all dropped objects experience constant acceleration – in other words they go faster and faster their speed constantly increasing at a rate of just under 10 metres per second .
but air resistance also increases the further the object has fallen .
when air resistance matches gravity the object will achieve terminal velocity '' – maximum speed after which it no longer accelerates .
at a weight of 7.12g a 2p coin would in theory reach terminal velocity at just over 19km an hour hardly fast enough to kill you .
that 's what i get for writing it up before i get my first coffee in me ! ! !
i just started playing after many years of quake enemy territory urban terror etc .
can you tell me what 's supposed to be so special about this besides bright pink guns ?
insult the players all you want but i really feel that the family should be kept out of it .
what the fuck did shakira do be called a whore by the espanyol fans ?
he would n't give a fuck i 'm sure .
lara has been rebooted with the past couple of games .
she 's a younger woman now on her first expedition with one of her professors in the first game .
oh gosh it 'd be a miracle if you and your siblings avoided any eating disorders .
i 'm a nutritionist and one of the first things i tell clients/patients is that eat lots of vegetables but there are plenty out there .
so your parents are like a lesson in the exact opposite way to teach people to eat well .
i 'm so sorry you had to go through this and i hope you do n't have any eating disorders .
it sounds like you were diagnosed as a child more common type 1 .
meditation means concentrating your mind on god god resides at heart of each of his creation .
touch your heart chakra close your eyes and try to meditate for few minutes thoughts will arise try to ignore them these thoughts take power from you and the more attention you pay to your thoughts it become more stronger it is not easy to ignore thoughts but it is possible .
this book provides practical methods for soul cleaning and meditation .
cleaning soul reduces unnecessary thoughts and make mind peaceful then meditation allows us connect to the divinity inside us .
we also provide practical guideline to check reader 's current spiritual progress .
the book is concluded with common questions and answers about spirituality and meditation .
keeping reader 's lack of time and patience we have kept the book short and to the point .
by grabthar 's hammer by the suns of warvan you shall be avenged .
ever since the bug hit me over 6 months ago
i want to know why he/she has n't saved up this much in 6 months .
if op really wanted the bike they 'd have the money by now and if they cant afford 2k over 6 months then they ca n't afford the maintenance and gear costs associated with the bike .
it 's going to be glorious when some women ends up shooting a migrant out of self defence there 's no possible way the government of whatever country it happens in is going to be able to win and hopefully the sjws will implode arguing about strong women standing up for themselves vs immigrants bring allowed to keep their culture .
i would just replace holy spear with trap in the castle just because it synergies better with parnok and is about effective as regular holy spear in bad situations .
the last time i talked about it with them the guy working told me they have actually had issues with parents not watching their kids and the kids grabbing the testers .
as an alternative when they have the staff they will hang out with the kid outside the shop .
i had this happen to me on my last birthday .
it was someone i did n't know so i just accepted it graciously and said i 'd just eaten but it looked delicious fed it to my boyfriend later .
perhaps even easier option is to say you do n't eat sugar which is something people should respect given that many have serious health reasons for doing so .
it 's just recently that he 's leading the opponents by 10-19 while she 's losing to them by 1-4 .
but he 's always outperformed her in the swing states which are really the only important ones .
yoloing early will never get it done unless you are a bc25t .
i stayed with the heavy group in the beginning cuz usually enemy tds are camping where they are .
when the time is right their numbers are dwindling that is the time to go yolo .
honestly where is there a good job market in all of canada .
nova scotia is shit ontario ... shit alberta is most definitely heading to the shitter .
my first pvp game was a motd where you got a random god on a conquest map .
i was so lucky i got bakasura which i had no idea what he was doing or how i was supposed to play him .
so the game begun i had no idea where to go and as soon as the enemy team found me or did i found them ?
not sure i started to feed and i mean feed a lot .
then someone from my team told me to stop with that .
but i did not know what that means i thought that he was angry for stealing a kill .
even if i believe i would do better now this was one year ago d
i know i was n't sure art first if that donkey or whatever it was was real .
i kept getting distracted by all the people rubbing around i had to watch it two or three times .
i would say you have come up with a novel idea here calling it a gan may be underselling it .
it is not really a gan is it not more like an adversarial autoencoder ?
mt baker comes out to around 35 for a 236 ml bottle shipped after the discount code .
some of there flavors can be hit or miss but if you take an order of 4 or 5 15 mls to try out it only ends up costing about 25 for that with shipping .
will do after you put in your updated offer with 30k reduced from it .
err would need to be at home to list them all out but either through steam or a3 launcher .
i figured it out looks like i picked up a power supply that 's negative polarity .
i think i 'm just going to cut the cord and swap the polarities .
i 'm hoping i did n't damage the level converter .
not sure why i 'm updating i do n't think anyone is left in this sub .
you 're oversimplifying a complex situation to the point where you are no longer contribruting to the discussion .
would be interesting to see a kind of that happen comrade but do n't make it based on the actual vatican city but one with a story around your religion .
update just bought another nickel temp control coil was n't a big fan of the kanthal in the end .
i like the information but i really hate the way that 's written .
hey you fucking retard sit down and let me tell you how much you do n't know about this shit . ''
have n't had a red wedding yet i 'd say its currently going like the start of the velvet wedding and tyrion 's finally had enough of joffery 's shit .
probably got their hands on the fence or fiddling with the rope dividers or whatever .
as far as i 'm aware they can get serious bollockings from their higher ups if they are deemed to be too lax in their duties which is why they 're very much no bullshit and take a hardline over seemingly innocuous things like being close to the fence and shit .
used one once and got my disc on the very first throw .
never again have i seen anyone have any luck with it .
if you 're not having fun go play something that is fun for you .
you want to love it but she keeps kicking you in the nuts p
this is one of the reasons why i think john ridley is working on truth red white and black .
marvel was willing to go with isaiah bradley as the mcu 's cap way back then .
this post has a no spoilers title warning which means all spoilers must be covered by warning tags https www.reddit.com/r/gameofthrones/wiki/spoiler_guide wiki_spoiler_tag_syntax_guide .
if you are unsure how to tag your comment the spoiler guide https www.reddit.com/r/gameofthrones/wiki/spoiler_guide wiki_spoiler_tag_syntax_guide has examples of the markup you can use .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gameofthrones if you have any questions or concerns .
we put our dog down last tuesday too actually .
i 'll manage but it 's weird to not have him around .
because people here are very very bitter towards anyone who succeeds romantically .
every single syrian that has come to canada went through many background checks and interviews at refugee camps in syria and lebanon before they were allowed to come also we only accepted families and not single males .
our refugee and immigration system is a lot different than yours because ours works and yours does n't
with so many people in europe and america losing their minds canada 's pretty much western civilization 's last hope .
the benefit is that they 're pretty good cards .
it was an early dismissal day but i had to stay for about 2 hours to attend a meeting at a local college .
it was n't until 7 p.m. that i came back .
now i have to do some reading of the next history chapter .
too bad i 'm too lazy/tired to do it .
sbahj is like problem sleuth it destroys some part of you in order to obtain greater heights through hilarity of references in homestuck .
aotd 1 most obscure is probably shirobon https shirobon.bandcamp.com even though that 's a person and not a band but i do n't listen to many bands .
he makes electronic music as well as in his earlier works some chiptune stuff .
songs like this https shirobon.bandcamp.com/track/regain-control-2 and this https shirobon.bandcamp.com/track/born-survivor are pretty good .
some people say he sort of takes a daft punk turn but i do n't know since i do n't listen to much daft punk .
aotd 2 the christmas one is pretty entertaining http www.mspaintadventures.com/sweetbroandhellajeff ? cid=016.jpg
homosexuality is virtually a death sentence '' is not a fact .
there is nothing about homosexuality which is a sexual orientation that people often describe feeling from birth as in they have no choice over it that is or is the cause of any life threatening illness .
and the statistics that page shows say how many people died from hiv/aids not how many homosexuals died from it .
also more people died from various forms of respiratory diseases and infections which is often caused by cigarettes .
where is your self-righteous crusade against the depraved and perverted cigarette smokers ?
gays can get married in the us and are just becoming more and more culturally accepted as time moves on .
i think it 's pretty cool actually that miserable shits like you do n't have the choice to do anything but sit and suffer about it .
nobody likes your homophobic shit and your pissy attitude hurts yourself more than anybody else .
this is what happens when you do n't get permits ...
if you want to throw a festival get your fucking permits ...
it 's like the roller ball game at the fair lol .
only a little too much momentum could be rather costly ...
why would i be called a gender traitor '' because of my support for bernie ?
it would seem some do n't have enough respect or courtesy toward other women who think for themselves and have chosen sanders over clinton .
you 're making the assumption that anyone who chooses clinton over sanders is doing it because of gender .
dude i swear this shit happens to me as well mostly with girls though .
i can have conversations with my fellow-male co-workers most of the time unless they 're obviously in a bad mood or sick otherwise but literally the girls that i work with give me no look of invitation for me to talk to them .
there 's this one girl who 's worked with me in the last 3 years or so and literally every time i ask how was your week ? ''
she usually replies fine.. '' and ... that 's it ?
lol sometimes i wonder why i even care to try anymore..
i need a poke with the virus still spreadable .
just so you 're aware 'amv ' is an initialism not an acronym .
an acronym is pronounceable as a word rather than just as individual letters .
it 's always trying to kill us so we should kill it !
i can give you a better diagnosis '' on how to climb if you link me you 're op.gg .
there are probably some instances where you win lane and lose game yes .
maybe you could have roamed more or warded better or had better objective control .
however at gold and silver to climb you really just need to work on mechanical fundamentals that will allow you to crush your opponent like csing spacing predicting damage etc .
people in gold and silver frequently make spacing and positional errors that can easily be punished as long as you have stronger fundamentals .
however to really get the fundamentals down you should only be playing a few champions .
i play annie for top mid and support and lucian for adc .
i have never climbed as consistently as i do know because i have a large amount of control on annie and lucian and they feel natural for me .
over time it becomes easier and easier to see what was a mistake because you see it so often and from this you will be able to use that sense on all other champions you play .
but i stress again that you must start with mechanically simple champions first or else it will be very difficult to identify what the correct play is and very difficult to identify what abilities you should be using .
mastering '' only a few of these champs will make you a stronger player in the long run .
you say that you find playing the same champion over and over again boring but it really is a tried and true method .
it does n't have to be udyr or even jungle by the way .
you do n't have to play champ that carries the game by itself '' to climb .
once you climb and get better at the game as a player you can expand your champion pool and use it as one of your strengths .
and you can feel confident in your skill on a champion because you can compare it to your simple champions and how well you know them .
lastshadow is great for someone like you that needs help climbing .
he helps people figure out what champions they should be playing and reviews games with people telling him what they could do better .
his coaching costs a lot but if you go on his youtube channel and watch his videos they are free and so valuable .
i climbed from silver iv to gold i this season by playing games and listening to his advice .
nobody loses their shit at the top of their lungs quite like damion .
i 'd love to hear what he would do with some killstreak lines .
hey you keep it quite over there i 'm trying tug get some shuteye .
insanely smart guy and yet he had a good social life .
with all the fanarts being posted here i would 've also guessed that .
it 's better than an upvote or a comment .
what 's the availability of this going to look like .
will there be any units for sale after the street date that could go on sale ?
just do your research and if the review is n't extensive enough for you go test ride the bike yourself .
of course they are n't going to torture test and find weak points of every bike but i feel like the reviews are an accurate generalisation on each model .
you can keep the processor and upgrade to a newer mobo .
update i did n't win lmao butttttttt the winning city is roughly 10minutes away from me .
i do n't think you need the subscription to just use the app .
i do say often that bracers are better than armor or robes .
that 's because light armor gets 20 def res but have 20 atk/mag/mnd compared to bracer and 1 atk mag mnd would be of similar value to 2 def res .
however if the said armor have synergy but bracer does not we would be talking about 120 def res 50 vs 20 atk/mag/mnd 10 so synergy light armor wins out in this case .
i 've saved them for use on my computer .
any chance you could make these iphone 6 friendly too ?
i really like all of them and want to use them on my phone over the next few weeks but they do n't look as good on there for some reason .
my god i would love to know more about this .
the wife and i have two ps4s and have been going crazy trying to figure out how to get both to say open .
i 've tried all the things the op has as well as port triggering .
movies are part of a different canon than the comments iirc .
there 's nothing like a particularly rad family meal to get everyone happy
looking at this video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=qim-asqrt_y it does n't really look like much of an improvement .
the magic system is just so unique and interesting .
also a shout out to the powder mage trilogy by brian mcclellan .
there 's a sailor moon http orig14.deviantart.net/cc30/f/2015/133/2/1/star_guardian_lux_by_missmaddytaylor-d8tacqy.png skin and a cute bunny https ab404266b8e6ebfd9e4c-0338bbbce19fc98919c6293def4c5554.ssl.cf1.rackcdn.com/images/svn27h4t4lwe.878x0.z-z96kyq.jpg skin for example .
i 'm pretty sure he made an appearance tbh it 's been seven years since i read any puzo other than fools die which fell short of my expectations .
if you 're serious about mafioso fiction i highly recommend man on fire by a. j. quinnell .
all the not-nazis still think the finnish police will actually do something about the crime wave .
they 're just going to be late to the party when the right wing sweeps the finnish parliament .
so should we support the settlers killing the people already living there ?
supereme philosopher snoke is probably some nihilist philosophy teacher who got scarred during a existentialist bar fight in paris .
now i just need to use up a few of the products i 've ordered to try in the meantime and get back to beloved versa spa !
the 360 spray is best i 've ever used !
you can get them both at the wineries in missouri !
i know what you 're trying to say about our claim of the main pot but you 're still counting 19 twice .
you have as much of a claim to the main pot to the extent of how much money you 've put in .
read the rules a few times now ... will you guys contact us to play ?
going to be in town for a bday party sunday and would love to get some good thai food if they 're still open .
so put your fucking violin away and stop drinking and driving .
i keep hearing people say romanticism '' and i dont know exactly what is meant when people say that in regards to rojava .
but i sure as hell feel it but i sure cant put a word to it ...
you do n't heal much if you think the active mitigation design has been wildly successful .
yes for your more skilled players it has had little change but for others it has made healing a major issue .
remember when blizzard stated with wod they were buffing stamina across the board to stop players from having massive damage spikes against them while they nerfed instant healing ?
guess what that only applied to players who know their class and their rotation '' .
if a tank is n't doing is rotation correctly like a dk using not death strike correctly it is now becoming an extreme issue for the healers to keep them up let alone the rest of the group .
also the healer 's job is n't just to heal the tank it is to heal the group .
making tank harder like you want are only going to scare away even more players from doing it making it even harder to people to find groups .
i read a topic when i was lurking the other day with a lot of melissa-cece connections that the writers potentially dropped into past seasons that might help you
uber a has to be someone that cares about her enough to kill for answers .
the only person we know of at the moment is alison and potentially melissa who is coming back very soon .
even thought the avenger 's main gun looks better after some r r at cryastro it still does n't work in this patch .
the anchor started off very respectful and was explaining exactly what he wanted the reporter to do and why .
that 's when the anchor gave up and started insulting him .
it was the reporter 's fault for being so stubborn .
i 'll admit it 's been around since waw but never really brought up until black ops 2 .
it hit big during the whole two radio tower '' shenanigans of tranzit .
not a lot of people talk about it though which bugs me because i see it as a massive plot point that we 're just looking past .
there 's a large korean community living in the cbd .
even then that 's expected if you 're eating any sort of ethnic cuisine outside of its native country .
not getting privileges for being pretty and being sexually ignored by attractive high-status men is hardly similar to the incel experience .
exactly which is why many cyclists will leave the cycle lanes at these points .
cricket is one of the most serious sports in the world .
you obviously have the drive and energy for it so i am sure you will do really well .
i am an agent in auckland new zealand it 's a great market here and not many young people are in it so i really stand out which is super handy .
i 've been in it for a few years now and for the most part really enjoy it .
he provides our daily bread at the exact time we need it not too late not too early .
yeah but i mean he was out all this year .
this is tempting but i wish it was the whole show .
almost 1 month remains until the champions league begins .
what in the world would make you believe he is a good dude '' ?
is he the type of man you would leave alone with your cat a fire and a can of gasoline ?
now are all the other widows going to file suits as well ?
if she does win i hope she 's do something good with it like build a memorial park for the city pay college tuition for all the victim 's children or put it back into the city in some way .
but i 'd be shocked if that actually happens .
each issue is a banger and i highly doubt any movie adaptation will do this comic justice .
yea and if he was serious i disagreed but if he was just being meteos and trolling which i should have assumed then it was fine .
i do n't know why you 're taking this so personally .
other factors have changed over the decades which can escalate existing issues in unforeseen ways .
the rise of corn syrup as a cheap sweetener processed crap being more cheap and available sedentary lifestyles more the norm means more obese parents having kids that are genetically disposed to obesity etc .
do n't write off reasons as excuses just because they question your ideology .
there are other variables in the equation you 're not talking into account .
seriously though maybe if you elaborate on what kind of scenario you would need to do this in the responses can be a little more targeted .
do n't forget the ningaloo reef here in wa .
wa actually has some pretty amazing diving spots http www.westernaustralia.com/en/things_to_see_and_do/top_10/pages/top_10_dive_and_snorkel_spots.aspx .
the best pic is the third with no glasses and stubble .
just it being way too different from the comics gave it a bad wrap .
the hardest part for me is scheduling and time management .
if i control it it 's hard for me to find the motivation to do it cause there 's always tomorrow '' or i really do n't feel like it today . ''
with no real tactile consequences online classes almost seem imaginary to me .
spectre needs some defensive supports to get her farm going dazzle allows to do that .
also it does n't put you in a position where you have a double melee lane which you would have with omni for example .
yes it 'll need to be comfortable but i would n't base a decision on if it looks ugly or not .
it 's about what it can do not what it looks like .
it 's not very adult like because op is n't an adult .
i see all these glorious coats that i could never bear wearing because heatstroke would get me first .
here 's a few photos i put together for a bit of an inspo album http imgur.com/a/8vepr .
the first image basically sums up australian streetwear for me .
all of the general rules of mfa apply mixing colour texture and patterns that contrast but do n't clash but i find that aussie fashion especially for guys is a lot more casual than what we see on mfa .
there are perks to hot weather too with heaps of options for sunglasses and hats
i agree mine used these biblical texts all the time lime honour thy father and mother god punishes immediately the lord chastises those he loves .
all as excuses to punish my brother and me ... .
early 90s were my prime days then i got to that too cool for lego '' age .
best fun i 've had in a long time .
... do you roll during meal preparation or after ?
you could just ask inklab www.inklab.com.au the agency that built the website .
anyhow if youcan provide us with a link to the website it 's a bit easier for us to find where the changes should most likely be made .
diesel is the only viable fuel for industry it 's not going anywhere
i think you put waaaaaaaaaay too much stock and feeling into an internet page .
how does it feel knowing you can be emotionally influenced and controlled so easily by a web page and people from all over the world ?
just because you might not have the same ideas about what a bad ass strictly is .
i have no doubt there are racists on both sides but like to narrow the scope back down to the original topic disbanding the school of hawaiian knowledge .
you can get a degree in african american studies you can get a degree in latin american studies you can be sure children in norway did n't spend as much time on american history and vice versa .
hawaii has a rich unique and complex history so it makes sense to preserve and add it to the 'sum total knowledge ' not try to erase it .
nothing on that page or in the admissions says non-hawaiians need not apply nor can i follow your logic that it 's establishing a state religion .
a degree in world religion does n't mean you have to believe in vishnu or yahweh similarly you do n't need to believe in papa and wakea just assume the creation story will be on the test .
you brought up coercion by colonial powers as the only reason they had a constitution as if that matters .
that 's like saying the us ca n't be a democracy because the greeks thought it up first .
the ethnicities of the 13 on the other hand is entirely relevant it shows a unilateral decision by outsiders to overthrow the kingdom .
i ca n't believe you 're trying to spin the move as a noble cause as if it 's only coincidence that they were plantation owners and the mckinley tariff just passed .
probably coincidence they made it so you had to be a white landowner to vote .
and yes the school is accredited by wasc one of six regional accrediting agencies recognized by the u.s. department of education .
throughout the week the team spoke highly of our initiatives and programs .
they noted that hawai‘inuiākea is a model for an academy without borders a community of highly accessible world class and emerging scholars where students have a wide range of traditional and non-traditional educational opportunities graduating with a strong sense of place purpose and kuleana .
i do n't know where you 're getting this hag terminology from but it reads like it came from a propaganda pamphlet .
you 're drawing connections to things that are n't there and making claims that are n't true .
yes non-natives can get a degree there yes they can challenge their grade it specifically says contact your academic supervisor or department head yes there is an external body reviewing their work no they are n't establishing a state religion what ? !
no you ca n't extrapolate de jurre racism from the word 'our ' .
i see your point of view and believe you have good intentions but i think you 've swung the pendulum too far in the opposite direction .
feel free to have the last word because i ca n't keep going on this subject .
have n't played salem nearly enough to make a comparison on a deeper level .
i went at 6 am and its not crowded at all .
at night i noticed at like 10-10:30 it starts to die down as well .
it comes in such small packs and it 's so expensive here .
some are now obsolete and some are still legal tender .
yeah but items worth picking up are in wide variety .
world of worlds where players play 15 vs 15 matches to create another world of ... games .
even though i like carmella at the moment i just thought that sitting out the last few minutes made her look saaaawft !
say if i break a window while the enemy is directly below me the sound of their footsteps would play like they 're right beside the window instead of below me .
also if they 're on the ceiling and i start making hole on it their footsteps sound would play like they 're right beside me instead of above me .
the sound does n't feel like from the other room '' and this got me killed multiple times sadly .
reddited plenty ... fucking lost my password ... made a new account specifically to comment on this particular waste of human skin .
i streamed again i just ca n't get myself to talk
is he supposed to beat the shit out of jj or something ?
puppy from a fighting family his father/mother long time dead suspect the same fate for all his siblings saved him and brought him to the city .
5 years he is living like a czar spoiled by my parents and little by me and my sister .
it 's a funny one i 've never seen any of his meet footage/results not that i 've looked overly hard so i 'm not sure how he can claim that he 's a pl champion .
that said he 's definitely strong as fuck no doubt about it .
it 's possible he 's delusional or even under the influence of something ... shall we say unclean .
i would wager that he has problems you ca n't solve .
i totally believe you wife does n't mean it to come off this way but it honestly sounds like she has some pretty regressive views about women 's bodies even if it 's not based directly on religion .
thanks d what are the rules for someone who recently popped or was released ?
piotr hallman rings a bell as someone who fits one of these categories .
interested in a sense only thing i got to ask is basic interests before i fully commit do n't wan na just but heads the whole time .
100 not sure if total or 100 for maps and 100 for gametypes .
i do n't know if it was something intentional from the developers or maybe i am just trying too hard to make something out of it .
either way i find it cool how in this game there are specific characters you get to choose from and they all seem to have different personalities which is something that is n't really seen in other tactical first person shooters .
using raiment 2 inna 6 shenlong 's as quin suggested kinda nice .
i 'm not one to argue with charcoal flavorwise but the temp control with a weber/charcoal while smoking is a full time job !
with larger cuts of meat and bigger groups of people it 's a luxury to not have to check it every 20 seconds .
plus that way i can head to the lake and knock out a couple hours of fishing
the situation you 're describing is exactly why pr is good .
a fringe '' party with radical views should be able to use their seats to support a coalition and use that coalition participation to influence what legislation passes and what does n't .
why should n't they have that right as the representatives of some small percentage of the population ?
if i vote say marxist-leninist in the first pr election i 'd expect based on popular votes in previous elections that we 'd get a couple seats .
our representatives would then likely cooperate with other progressive-ish parties like the ndp to pass progressive legislation but if an issue arises on which they differ from the other progressive parties they can use their seats as leverage to perhaps get legislation they table passed with the support of the rest of the coalition .
maybe that means basic income or something like that that the other progressive parties do n't have in their platform but are n't entirely opposed to .
as a canadian citizen i have the right to have ideas like that present in the legislature if enough people agree with me to elect a representative .
again that 's the entire purpose of democratic society and fptp subverts that .
my 7 year old 1440x900 tv that i 'm using as a second monitor uses vga .
well it also has hdmi but for some reason that only supports non-native resolutions like 720p .
thank god you did n't feed so many people the shit that is chipotle the world that has tasted anything else thanks you .
am i the only who sees what appears to be eleanors hat on his lap ?
it 's tough stuff to watch but we need to wake up to this reality .
i value my nap time too much to worry about oppressed racists .
california cabernet is also an end point for many people who enjoy wine .
california cabernets are some of the top rated wines in the us as well .
there are also many cult '' cabernets that can cost 350 per bottle .
this does n't mean that by any means they are the best wines .
many people that really dive into wine become bored of that style and at some point might find it less interesting .
i started with cabernet and now i love romarantin chenin blanc pineau d'aunis riesling and trousseau ... . at one point i loved ipa especially because of the high alcohol another similarity to californa cabernet and i still drink it from time to time .
but now my tastes have changed and i prefer a berliner weisse or any sour beers i can find .
the average macro beer drinker may not know about ipa .
but beer is incredibly more accessible and so much easier to learn about different types without such a monetary commitment .
the guy drinking coors light does n't care to know about what else is out there .
if you are drinking ipa it says you care about that type of thing and it puts you in a different mindset all together .
i 'd say most wine drinkers have already accepted that .
why would you even consider that as a first bike ?
you should try test riding a 600cc sport bike before you go any further .
you would probably be much more comfortable on a large cruiser like a goldwing or vulcan .
das erwähnen von votes in posts sollte verboten werden .
can the suse studio image writer be installed on other distros ?
their wiki page https en.opensuse.org/sdb live_usb_stick using_commandline_tools lists dd as an option to write image to usb drive so that 's what i had tried .
the best solution to get relief from knee pain is paragon knee brace knee brace is unload your thigh weight and give proper alignment to your joints .
it is very effective and useful therapy for prevent knee pain permanently .
i have been reviewing solutions to the rifle tapping bursting issue and why its not currently as viable and i have found the solution and made some post and got trolled etc .
from the new players i was making a new video just now and realized a big threat i was made aware of from my recent post .
the threat is that reducing or removing inaccuracy at all will only be a buff to the new players and a major buff as i did not realize players are now using mouse macros pre-programed to counter recoil all with the push of a button .
these players are programming a button to perfectly counter the single spread patterns for the guns and the only thing keeping them from having 100 sprays is the inaccuracy values and is why the majority of people are crying foul about inaccuracy they know it is a buff to spraying and their play style and its not the true solution to tapping and bursting i have shown the true solution and my post get trolled and downvoted by these same individuals because they do not want a buff to tapping/bursting even if it leaves the current spray mechanics alone they want the spray mechanics to be even easier by reducing inaccuracy values ! !
do n't buy into this and stay on the inaccuracy bandwagon it is not the fix to the tapping/bursting issue and never has been the issue is the speed at which you can tap and burst back to back is to slow and that is fixed by changing the weapon_recoil_cooldown time from .55 seconds to .25 seconds test it out and see for yourself i have multiple post and videos you can find from my profile .
please do not be brainwashed into that misconception even pros and pro streamers are confused and on that bandwagon and i was to untill i found the real solution and i see now why there is such a strong push for removing inaccuracy and rng these players want to be able to program mouse macros to be 100 or the best they can be so all they have to do is hold 1 mouse bottom down and play with the best of us .
please spread the word and help dont let these new players which happen to be a large portion of the community ruin the game you have already seen they were able to get stat trak music kits into the game and revert a good patch entirely even though the r8 needed the nerf the pistols were fine and the rifles were fine though could of used some slight tweaks they had the whole thing reverted .
my solution leaves the spray mechanics alone while buffing tapping bursting yet they gets downvoted and trolled left and right and i realize now its because they want to secretly buff spraying even more the reason valve has not made the inaccuracy values better is because of the mouse macros which we did not have to contend with back in the day and they are now an issue but are legal .
this is a serious issue for the game and a lot of people are on the wrong bandwagon as far as inaccuracy values the values are fine its the recoil cooldown time that is the issue. ! !
yeah it was the exact same thing you just used macros as reasoning for why we ca n't have more accurate rifles .
you have a good jawline man keep shedding the chub and it 'll get nice and chiseled .
also grow your hair out after that you should have no problems where the bishes are concerned .
there 's a dearth of morality in the philippines when the head of the social services awards p1million bonuses to executives .
eight members received said the bonus costing the government agency p8million .
tell me is this moral when the members of the sss receive truly paltry pension ?
has anyone received incoming calls to their number on a data-only device using hangouts while traveling in another country ?
did the caller dial the normal us number from wherever they were or was there a special dialing pattern ?
the entire soundtrack is filled with references and similar riffs but this one is especially subtle and clever .
the true lab theme is like a super demented and distorted take on alphy 's theme .
current status 2x sonos play 5 speakers 1xsonos connect .
my usage i listen to music through sonos using spotify premium i do n't really have many cd 's i watch dvds play ps3/ps4 games i 'd like to listen to cds occassionally for better sound than spotify
1 delegate the 2 sonos 5 speakers to the bedroom
2 in living room 75 square meters so rather large have a system of speakers 2 ?
that would a connect to sonos b connect to my tv and act as home theater is that even possible/desirable ?
i thought my budget was healthy then i checked out bang and olufsen 's beolab 18 prices and realised i would n't even have enough £ for 2 of these ...
anyway it does n't have to be b o of course .
i 'm obviously new to this so do n't really now many brands other than b o bose etc the main ones .
i can increase my budget slightly but equally i 'd rather not .
edit this is part of a major refurbishment project in a new apartment so i now have the opportunity to lay the right cables throughout the flat and hide them nicely in the walls/under the floor etc .
i 've just finished watching railgun and railgun s along with index i busy with index ii and have n't read the novels or manga yet so please no spoilers !
and i have some question regarding the anime-original arcs .
as many people have said the silent party arc is non-canon and after watching it i can completely understand why people consider it to be so .
however my questions are about the big spider and poltergeist arcs .
as far as i know these are also anime-original arcs yet when i was reading the relevant wiki pages i know spoilers abound there but i was just trying to get a small recap/interesting trivia and some differences between the manga/novel and anime it said that these two arcs are considered canon .
now my question is if these arcs are hard canon '' by which i mean either written by the original author confirmed by the original author to be canon or the existence of references to these arcs in the manga or novels to make it retroactively canon or is it soft canon '' meaning that people merely consider it canon because it fits in the timeline and nothing so far has contradicted its existence ?
or is it just on the wiki because someone felt like those were canon and decided to add it there ?
yes i will be reading the novels/manga once i 'm done with the anime and i will be following the schedule proposed by u/jbhutt09 for the book club .
i am using the index i railgun railgun s index ii endymion watch order .
p.p.p.s if you 're wondering where i got al this information about the series when i do n't spoil myself by reading the wiki nor visit this subreddit regularly i 've been reading the r/manga rewatch threads as i go along .
back story with embedded rant skip to next section for question
i began seeing a girl late september/early october and everything between the two of us appeared to flow smoothly .
there was commonality between us conversation flowed well and from what i gauged we were comfortable with each other .
as the budding relationship progressed we learnt a lot about each other and were at a point where we were wishing each other good morning/good night on a fairly regular basis sprinkled with cute '' pet names for each other .
i would like to point out that the pet names were initiated by her and i simply reciprocated as i believed she was comfortable with it .
in summary we were behaving in a manner that i would imagine a majority of relationships would typically behave .
unfortunately i got the all too familiar vibe that something was off during the first week of january .
i figured that she must have been busy preparing for the new school semester and kept the messaging to a minimum in order for her to focus and did n't think much of it .
within the last 24 hours she sent me a text message explaining to what can be summarized as she was thinking lately and realized that she 's not ready to be in a relationship and that the she would feel bad if she had me wait for her while she sorted things out .
also attached was the generic you 're a really nice person '' phrase that i feel that most people say in order to reduce the amount of guilt that they are experiencing because let 's face it if i was that so-called nice person this uncertainty that she was experiencing should n't be an issue .
i understand that 4 months is too soon to think of being in a relationship and i avoided the word relationship '' as well as the word love '' like the plague .
i believe i mentioned the word relationship once in a new year 's message stating that i am excited to see where this relationship brings us in the new year which coincidentally was days before the frequency of messages declined .
since receiving the message i have n't responded and i am contemplating whether or not i should do so .
this threw me off guard and it angers me .
it confuses me how she or anyone else would go out of her way to create a dating profile agree to more than 1 or 2 dates with me grow intimate with me only to tell me that she 's not ready for a relationship .
furthermore she also went out of her way to have a custom made cartoon-like image in a frame of the pet names we called each other that included a message of her feelings towards me for christmas .
i now have this gift sitting on my shelf and i do n't know what to do with it because it pains me to get rid of it due to the sentimental nature of the gift yet i do n't want to have it near me because of the emotions attached to it .
since i have n't messaged her since receiving her break up text not sure if that 's the proper descriptor i do n't know if it is a good idea to message her and tell her how i feel about this .
i realize that what ever i say wo n't have any effect on her decision and i understand that however relationships are a two person entity until the very end and i feel that i should be able to explain my thoughts with this ordeal .
additionally should i message her asking for a specific cause for the second thoughts .
it does not make any sense for her to suddenly not want to be in a relationship even through the months leading up suggested otherwise there has to be a cause to the effect .
at this point i view this relationship-thing as it is over and i am content with that .
what i am not content with is not knowing that there may have been something that i could have done to prevent this .
if i were to ask this and an response is given i can use this information to my advantage to make myself a better person so that when the right person comes around i can be at my best and make her as happy as possible .
is n't that the goal of life itself to live each day learning and experiencing new events and to make ourselves better ?
these 3-4 month dating spurts have been nothing but a common occurrence for me for the past 3 years and it is beginning to become draining .
every budding relationship that i have been in starts out wonderfully only to lead to a sudden decline in communication which subsequently ends with a final message .
i am beginning to feel like a broken record player that is constantly repeating the same segment of a sound track .
4 months in with a girl and she sends me a message stating that she is not ready for a relationship which i feel is an inadequate response .
should i bother messaging her to share my thoughts with regards to this and to determine what the ultimate cause for the outcome ?
lose 10 pounds in a week naturally without harming your body .
no sob story i 'm not a virgin no recent breakups just a full time engineer looking for some relief from my busy day job .
will send photos via snapchat just ask for my username
i tried vaping a few years back with an ego twist battery and those weird plastic disposable tanks .
recently i have decided to pick it up again .
i 'm a noob but i know the experience i want and a little bit of the technical stuff
i do n't smoke cigs anymore but i do like pipes and cigars .
basically i want shisha-style flavour with pipe/cigar nic rush .
i want a more airy draw than someone looking to replicate cigarettes .
it is important that i not make the huge clouds that some people like .
i could go either way with the more technical hobbyist stuff making wicks and coils at this point .
i 'm not sure if that 's a rabbit hole i want to go down but i do understand the appeal .
i do n't fully understand why people are concerned with wattage/temp/etc .
i get that it changes the experience but i do n't fully understand how it applies to me .
i went to my local vape shop with some questions about kits and an evic mini in mind .
the guy warned me against the supplied tank due to problems with he more vg heavy juice .
i tried the eleaf istick 60 with the milo 2 tank and it was damn near perfect .
however i get the impression from the internet that eleaf quality control is not the best and the usb port on the bottom bugs me .
however the guy at the store seemed to think this was a better idea than getting the evic mini and a separate tank as the cost was lower .
however i can get an evic mini a battery and uwell crown for example not sure if this is right for me for 125 which is reasonable .
he also suggested a smok xcube mini setup for just under 200 including some juices if i wanted to spend more .
it 's a sweet looking setup but the bluetooth/app combo seems like overkill .
evic mini with separate tank have no idea which one .
i am heavily biased towards the evic mini but as i have never used it this is mostly looks though the side usb port is a big factor .
i was trying out a new zdps build that replaces w4 as i see using 4 pieces just to get a 40 damage reduction as wasteful .
instead i decided to give up a passive from a hellfire and use the endless walk set which replaces w4 with a 50 dr while only using 2 slots .
in order to keep band of might and oculus ring however you have to drop orotz .
what i figured was that with enough stacked cr ignore pain can still be up permanently so the only thing that required acceleration from orotz was ground stomp more stomps more globes .
to fix this i thought that the mote 2-piece buff could be utilized .
since we are constantly spinning at 15 fury/sec that 's a 1 second targeted reduction on ground stomp every other second which theoretically should make it as fast and perhaps faster than the orotz-based version .
however i discovered that whirlwind does n't trigger m2 for some reason even though whirlwind is a resource-spending attack that triggers orotz gogok taeguk f/r etc .
is anyone else wary of signing up for a razer id when https does n't work on razerzone.com ?
with all the recent retail data compromises i do n't feel as confident when https is n't supported not because i 'm on an insecure network but because i worry about it as an indicator of other possible shortcuts .
is the centre all cleared up from the flooding now or is it still mucky ?
he said getting dental insurance is going to cost as much as paying out of pocket .
so i 'm wondering if that 's true or if he has some motive for getting paid by me directly rather than insurance .
so i ended in gold iii last season i was actually gold iv but played two days before season end so i could get the iii board because i liked it more xd
the thing is that as it is suppose to be i got my gold iii board and everytime i went into a game that 's the one i got until today .
i queued up for a ranked game and it showed that my board was gold iv ?
it 's not that i really care but i guess it is a bug or something .
i recently got a new phone and bought a tempered glass screen protector .
i watched a few youtube videos to see the best way to apply them and found out that in a steamy room was ideal .
i tuned on my shower to get the bathroom nice and steamy and left it going for about 5 minutes .
now you should know that my shower has a clogged drain and after a little bit the water will build up .
i returned to my shower to find the water over running and going into the floor .
i quickly got some towels to mop it up and hoped that that was the end ...
i went downstairs to find water dripping from the kitchen ceiling and onto the floor uh oh .
tl dr left my shower on and found water dripping from the kitchen ceiling
stumbled upon this term in one of the posts regarding a beta update here .
the link with the explanation https www.reddit.com/r/steam_controller/comments/3pdk01/a_short_list_of_quick_points_for_nonowners_who/cw5ftdk seems like it 's down or does n't exist anymore so i 'm puzzled .
i have the same items i had after day 1 of first wipe and base .
marine ma'am squad leaders are requesting a rally point .
today we discuss commander miranda keyes http www.halopedia.org/miranda_keyes daughter of jacob keyes and catherine halsey .
she was the commanding officerof the in amber clad and forward unto dawn .
what is your favorite moment in this character 's history ?
do you see this character showing up in future media and what role would they play ?
keyes would have had a larger role and a full introduction in the deleted halo 2 level covenant ship in which keyes and a group of odsts would have been aboard a covenant assault carrier alongside john-117 .
additionally miranda was originally going to betray the unsc in halo 2 by forming a deal with the san'shyuum of the covenant as she believed that the unsc was responsible for her father 's death .
in order to get revenge against john whom she believed directly killed her father aboard truth and reconciliation keyes would have strapped a bomb to the master chief 's armor .
notably keyes was born five days after the human-covenant war began and died during its last major battle .
me and my friend neighbour as well have tried a lot of things .
we opened all the ports neccesary in order to play bo3 as well as the ports needed to connect to psn ps4 didnt work .
we placed both our consoles in a dmz didnt work .
does anyone know what might be causing this problem ?
i 'll be streaming starting from season 5 launch tomorrow and will be going for 24 hours .
i 'll use the first few hours of the stream to get from 1-70 and then gear up a bit free 6-piece set weapons so i can start powerleveling all those interested .
i already have a list of over 40 people so there may be a wait but i 'd appreciate any and all support by coming in and just chilling/chatting .
i 'm new to streaming so it 'd be super helpful
at my workplace we have the radio tuned to rock 102 .
i am not a fan of nickleback but once in a blue moon i can ignore it because i realize they are popular with some people .
yesterday however they squeeze 3 nickelback songs into one 8 hour shift .
i am muscovy i get a mission to eliminate novograd .
i have to take pretty much all of their provinces .
it will take about 3 wars assuming 100 war score each time .
i finished the first war take the maximum possible provinces .
this weakened novograd to the point where all of their neighbors began eating them .
by the time i can dow again novograd 's territories are now split among many countries .
these missions seem like they take too long to complete and usually just end in me missing a few of the territories .
what is the best strategy accomplish a mission like this ?
i have the tickets in hand and can provide photos upon request .
i bought them when they first went on sale but we are unable to attend this year .
i can ship them anywhere in the us within 2-3 business days or i can overnight them if you are willing to pay the shipping .
please give me any advice on where to find a place to rent .
i 've edited the players.xml file to include his sprite but it wont work .
entering boss rooms causes my name and vs screen sprite to not appear and leaving and continuing makes me invisible .
what 's the best response when wife turns down sex ?
for context assume sex is happening about once every two weeks and this is the third or fourth refusal in a row .
the worst response i guess is to make a scene or throw a fit .
but should i just take it completely in stride show no reaction at all and proceed with my life ?
or should i withdraw my attention from her and if so for how long ?
i 'm concerned that the first option merely perpetuates the illusion that there 's nothing wrong with her continuing to withhold sex .
but then if i try to impose some sort of consequence by withdrawing attention wont that just look like a different way of making a scene ?
to be honest neither option seems very strong but i 'm at a loss for any other ideas .
to clarify i 'm not asking about the best long-term response .
i realize the whole website is designed to answer that question .
i 'm asking for the best response in the moment .
i want to buy a car to drive for lyft whats the oldest car i can have ?
also do i need to have power windows and door locks ?
go play adventure in sarasaland and win that costume you wanted from the start .
i can only do it with associated websites and i do n't know how to upload the html file to my facebook page or anything .
idk if there 's a pattern to khidr 's placement besides being in the castle .
i just got some new to me speakers a nice pair of jbl 630t 's .
they 're replacing a set of speakers that had a volume knob on one of the satellite speakers so once i have the jbl 's hooked up i will not have a way to adjust the volume or bass .
im looking for a decently priced preamp that has a volume knob on it i 've been looking at the 'yaqin ms12b ' model but i 'm wondering if there are any other options out there around that price range .
i did n't really think this through when i bought the jbl 's so i 'm kinda frustrated since all i really wanted to do was plug em in and jam tonight .
if you do n't then do n't read this there 's some spoilers .
man i never felt so good dying so much !
i 've managed to reach his final attack but i died on the second-to-last swirl of lasers and only using 3 healing items steak at rounds 14 and 18 and pie at 21 .
could have used another item in the round 22 but nah i 'm stubborn
i 'm still a bit sad that i lost at the very end but that gives me determination .
much like when i first died on the strongest attack that was a really nice surprise filled with determination !
at that moment i knew i was going to need to try a little harder than that .
or when i got assaulted on the menu i do n't know if any other game had anything like this .
i do n't need time to stay calm i fought the whole battle calm i wo n't lose my sanity now !
on the 5th death i thought about search if anyone beat him with no damage and watch a video of it was pretty useful for me .
using the pan for the extra recovery is a very clever strategy too .
and no heart-less monster should ever think about sparing him that 's not how heart-less monsters work.
ik this is already a topic but i 'm scared that people wont add me back and that if i add them they are probably inactive
so as to not clutter the subreddit i have made an all-purpose topic so that you can report any bugs/glitches you find .
just submit them here and also to the ea forums http answers.ea.com/t5/pvz-garden-warfare-2-beta/info-plants-vs-zombies-gw2-open-beta-known-issues/m-p/5093954 u5093954
write a brief description your console and what mode you were playing it on suburbanation backyard battleground herbal assault etc .
i am considering a juke as my next vehicle .
has anybody here done anything more ... battlewagonish with their juke ?
in particular i am considering a white led brow light bar .
i was wondering how hard it would be to mount one and run the wiring ?
example picture on a tacoma http www.4wheelparts.com/aux_incl/images.ashx ? i=l7055011001na.jpg partno=ads w=300 h=180
i am an officer on a rescue department in a rural area and as such sometimes am called in and like having the light for scenes .
most people probably realize that mike 's bitcoin is dead '' claim is false but i have n't seen anyone explicitly point out the problems with it so i 'll give it a shot .
the flow of information to investors and users has dried up .
yes it is bad that r/bitcoin and bitcointalk are engaged in censorship but mike makes this a way bigger deal than it is .
there 's some short term pain while these sources of info lose influence and people find other places to discuss things but suggesting that the moderator of a subreddit and forum can actually kill bitcoin with his moderation policies is extremely overblown .
for the first time investors have no obvious way to get a clear picture of what 's going on .
any half-intelligent investor will be able to find information not on r/bitcoin or bitcointalk .
but it quickly became apparent that the bitcoin core developers were hopelessly at loggerheads .
mike talks about how the core developers are part of the reason bitcoin is dead '' because they wo n't approve a block size increase .
mike tried to get the community to switch away from core and failed so now he seems to think that other attempts to bypass core will fail .
what mike does n't acknowledge is that he and gavin did a pretty bad job at building consensus for their hard fork attempt .
part of this was a miscalculation that they should try an aggressive block schedule in the first hard fork .
jon toomim seems to have a better temperament for building consensus and is also employing a better strategy of starting with a small hard fork to get more people on board .
it seems likely that bitcoin will fork to 2 mb on account of the classic project .
i agree with mike that we should raise the block size quickly so that usability remains good as bitcoin grows but mike implies that bitcoin is broken right now .
if you look at the actual state of the network nothing that bad has happened yet .
if you look at statoshi https statoshi.info/dashboard/db/fee-and-priority-estimates you can see that since january 2015 you can always get a tx confirmed quickly by paying 10 cents .
had wildly unpredictable fees that were high and rising fast
fees and confirmations are only unpredictable if you are trying to pay the absolute minimum that you can get away with .
it 's true that if you try paying 0.8 cents for your tx you wo n't be too sure if it 'll confirm in the next block or in 10 blocks but if you pay 10 cents you can be almost certain it will confirm very soon .
you can also see on statoshi that fees are not rising fast '' yet .
the only thing that matters to users is how high their tx fees have to be for their txns to be confirmed within a given time .
looking at the fullness of blocks does imply rising fees in the future but users are not experiencing much pain right now .
mike 's argument is bitcoin is broken now '' but if you look at fees it is n't broken now .
these miners could harm bitcoin in the short term if they wanted but miners are generally very concerned about pr because they know that users hold power in the long run https bitcoindebates.miraheze.org/wiki/power_ultimately_rests_with_users .
users do n't actually have to listen to what miners ' want .
so if we let chinese miners tell us what the blocksize should be it 's because users are voluntarily delegating their power to them not because the miners are in a position of power .
here 's more on why miners have little power http hackingdistributed.com/2016/01/03/time-for-bitcoin-user-voice .
i was caught in ny on my way to nyc with my friend .
we had smoked in the car and while driving my friend was speeding and i did n't notice .
a state trooper noticed us speeding and pulled us over .
when he told us that we were speeding he also smelled the weed and told us to give it up .
we gave up the weed and he gave us a upm .
this is my first offense and im trying to keep this from my parents im 17 years old .
i had already went to court with my friend to plead guilty but the judge did n't allow it .
my questions are do i actually need a parent by my side am i legally allowed a public attorney how much is it to file an acd can i do it with an public attorney .
looking to do golgoroth once or twice that 's all .
if you wan na take the cp and move forward after that is cool too ... .
i use stock android and i have no problem with it but i really want to use the led notification light and i know that i have to root .
is there any specific way i should go about rooting if i want to keep everything stock but just have led access ?
my wife and i need a game where we can play online together and kick some butt against others .
and i know a lot of people will say it depends on your preference '' .
but i think i can decide after i hear what other peoples favorite games are to play online
when i say ben '' i mean ben solo aka kylo ren
first off i 'll preface this by saying that i 've never contributed to wookiepedia and i 've never played any star wars games/do n't know any secrets other than what 's presented in the films ... but i wanted to put this out there to the reddit universe to see the response .
she is definitely not the daughter of leia or luke .
maz had said the belonging you seek is not behind you it is ahead similarly to other key characters i do n't think we 'll know much about who her parents were .
we can only assume she was a child given up in efforts to hide her from the kidnapping of children similar to finn .
i think to say simply that rey is the daughter of leia or luke is way way too simple .
there 's no way it 's going to be that easy .
if they decide that she actually does have a tie to the first or second trilogy at all i would predict that rey is the granddaughter of obi-wan .
there could have been a ben jr. as he was old ben . ''
i mean how reminiscent was her jedi mind trick with the startrooper to obi wan kenobi 's these are not the droids you 're looking for. ben ostrower made a really convincing argument in his medium post rey is a kenobi https medium.com benostrower/rey-is-a-kenobi-362b5af09849 .p3b9j7ojw
2 kylo ren ben solo has the feels for rey
you already know the truth ... whoever you were waiting for on jakku they 're never coming back .
the person coming back for rey is actually kylo-ren coming back to the light for her .
maybe rey is the ray of light he needs so punny to rescue him from the dark side .
there is a theme established in this film unlike the others where characters are now turning back to the light instead of going to the dark side ie .
leia knows that ben is n't lost forever and the force is telling her so .
kylo-ren could have killed rey repeatedly but he did not even to go so far as to offer to be her teacher .
therefore there is still light in kylo ren as leia had predicted .
likewise rey did not kill kylo ren when she could have because to do so would be letting the darkness get the best of her .
not saying that there is going to be this huge love story that 's going to unfold but i do think that there was something more than cousinly love happening there ... just sayin ' .
it would be really refreshing to have a female lead not need a man live by the jedi law and that could still totally happen even if ben falls for her .
tl dr did i overreact when my bf made a joke .
from 12pm to 330pm i do lesson planning after all children are picked up monday through friday .
my boyfriend who claims to be my biggest support when it comes to my job made are comment today i can only assume because he was moody .
i was also moody and felt highly disrespected by what he said .
he had texted me a picture and i laughed at the picture and sent him a kissy face then texted him still working lol '' .
my response was did n't think that was funny ''
his response was who the fuck pissed in your cheerios ''
he kept saying it was a '' fucking joke ''
from there is escalated to a full blown fight and i do n't get it .
i have a imgur stream of the texts i can post link in comment .
im in a pickle where i do n't know which would be smart to get for the slot i currently have hines ward at te so i could always put him there but i do n't know a good replacement for him currently there .
this is the second time in my last 5/6 queues that this http i.imgur.com/bxdzqtd.png has happened forcing me to dodge .
the client loses focus and does n't allow me to click anything at all .
it 's happened to 2 of my friends during those queues as well .
also in the queues that it has n't happened someone on the other team has dodged nearly instantly and i 'm assuming they 're facing the same issues as us .
sorry for the off subject post but i 'm looking for a decent car cover for my truck .
i 'll be storing it in a storage shed for the next 4 months and i 'd like a cover on it in case any birds or animals get in the unit .
of course i 'll store the truck immediately after i wash it then i 'd put a cover on it so it does n't scratch .
all the ones i 've seen on amazon look like they have such a harsh material almost canvas like .
a few days ago i stumbled upon a mega.nz link that had a bunch of translated novels .
we are a warring/farming clan looking to gain a few new experienced members .
we are currently a level 7 clan and have 43 members .
we are a laid back clan however we take wars seriously .
we are looking for mature loyal and active members .
we war twice a week tue and fri 8pm est and everyone is expected to use both attacks each war .
we are looking for members who make a real effort to do well in wars and take the time to learn and improve .
download the band app and join our group for communication and base calling
try to participate in all wars and use both attacks
if you are going to be unable to participate in a war please let us know in advance and opt out of the war .
we do n't have a troop donation requirement but we ask that if you ask for troops attempt to donate as well .
do not attack a base that has already been called by another member
if this clan sounds like a good fit for you and you meet all the requirements feel free look us up in the clan search .
in the join request mention you found us on reddit .
i 'm currently involved in a arrangement where i take people 's lunch orders and go out to buy their lunch and deliver it back to the workplace .
is there any way they can legally sue me if something goes wrong ?
would my actions be considered buying the food and reselling for the same price or am i only providing a free service and therefore not be applicable to the same legal obligations as a reseller ?
it would cost them some big money and lots of risk but the overall fan base seems to be sick of the ufc politics and greed .
their name kind of sucks and they are n't as immersive as the ufc but they have some decent talent and should build on it starting with benson henderson and aljamain sterling and not stopping there .
from reebok to dmcas ufc is hell bent on controlling the industry and the fighters with an iron fist and it 's really annoying .
i think we all stick around because we have little choice .
we love the sport and the ufc provides the best talent and more frequent and immersive events .
i 'd make the commitment to watch if it were a viable alternative .
hey guys when you delete a character and then transfer that ign or if you feel like re-making your characters appearance was there a delay before the ign was available again after you deleted it or was it instant ?
you woke me up this morning for the fourth time this week with your smoothie blending for five minutes which alright i 'll just turn over and go back to sleep like i have for four months already but then proceeded to play loud music through your phone speakers ruining my chances of falling asleep again .
as this was the fourth time this week alone that your blaring music has prevented me from either sleeping or napping or studying studying is not included in this count i decided to get up and say something .
i opened my door and asked as gently as was possible in my sleep deprived state whether you could please use headphones in the common area especially while i was sleeping i told you i would not complain if you want to listen in your room with the door closed .
after hearing your angry retort i knew coming home tonight would be fun but did n't realize i had hurt your feelings so much that you would need to watch your show on your laptop in the common area with the volume turned all the way up .
but it 's alright i have now learned that you only communicate in passive aggressive actions so i closed myself in my room and turned the music all the way up .
but frankly i 'm still being more considerate than you are .
something reminded me of this in another post and i got to wondering .
i took the train from milan italy to lausanne switzerland and back a few days later .
on the train back to milan at the italian border several italian officials boarded the train and began checking passports .
they were n't stamping them or anything like that they just asked for the passport examined it for a moment and handed it back .
i thought the schengen area was free of passport control ?
watching this just builds up the hype for the season so much more !
why design the language like this in the first place .
old school text based rpg below is my referral link click or not but stop by the lost realm and check it out .
i just found out my family is filthy rich and owns some regional banks or something .
i get shitloads of bank stock when i turn 25 next month .
i got windows 7 from my university yesterday when i try to put in the key i get error code 0xc004f061 and it says the software licensing service determined that this specified product key can only be used for upgrading not for clean installations . ''
i am using the cd and key they provided so no idea what the issue is .
i was so happy when nintendo finally released the regular new 3ds in america and i have gathered a small collection of cover plates since then .
i recently got my most sought-after cover plate since it was announced the primal kyogre suede one that was only available in japan .
i wanted to take this chance to show off my collection and also make a post where people can show off theirs as well !
when in the railroad questline do you unlock the power armor paint ?
i have a set of bos painted power armor but i 've sided with the railroad instead and want to change it .
would anyone be able to write the lyrics to this song for me ?
it was a song i took with me to morocco when i visited about 3 years ago and i did n't know any arabic at the time .
a translation to english is welcome but not necessary as i would like to try to figure it out myself .
i have tried to find someone to help me with this in a couple other places but have had no luck .
i apologize if this is actually not something that is okay for this subreddit .
looking to get some new tanks for learning sidemount this spring .
trying to figure out what the difference is between the dgx modular valves https www.divegearexpress.com/dgx-premium-modular-valve-right-typical-side 40 vs. the thermo modular valves https www.divegearexpress.com/tv-modular-valve-pro-din-k-notched-typical-side that are twice as expensive 80 .
digging online a bit seems like the dgx ones come in just under 2.5 '' in height while the thermo valves are slightly taller at 3 '' .
is there any significant advantage to having a shorter or taller valve other than perhaps ease of reaching behind you if you are diving backmount ?
dmab non binary person here and i was just wondering if there is any resources on where to buy tucking underwear and the sort since it 's the only thing kinda irking me about wearing my leggings otherwise i look great in them !
i 'm about to start hrt in a few months and just on the waiting list for the gender clinic and endo stuff and loook pret-ty andro as is right now but bulges and hairstyles is something i have a fuss with .
any generic tips and tricks would help a lot too !
i do concealer and makeup to support getting rid of stubble as well .
http bkref.com/tiny/w8lld filtering by position is a bit tricky in bball-ref so there 's some pfs in the list
i 've recently been playing the steam version of taf because i never finished the psp edition .
while grinding up band levels during the final chapter i 've notice a very cool exploit and i was wondering if anyone else has noticed this .
i 'll use kain rosa and edge for an example .
if you use mirage dive kain and edge at the very end of the animation if timed correctly you can use saint dive rosa and kain instantly with no cast charge and it also looks like the person just finishing the first band in this example kain does not consume mp for the second band .
i could n't find any other forums for this trick and i thought i would share .
the trick does not appear to require frame perfect inputs and can be done very consistently .
i can perform this every time by having the second band pre selected and pressing my select button 2 seconds apart counting out 1 2 in my head button mashing the select button seems to glitch this trick however and cause the 2 or more team members to lose their turns entirely and have to wait for the atb gauge to fill again .
thanks for reading try it for yourself and let me know if it works for you too or if i 'm just dumb and this was already a known thing and i 'm getting really excited for no reason .
after further testing with other combinations of characters i 've found that the glitch works with any combination of bands .
for example you could use twin rush ursula and ceodore which has a very fast cast time and use the instant band glitch with any other party member to cast makeshift cannon ursula ceodore palom porom and luca .
this band can easily clear the damage limit upper 40k damage around level 48-50 team and the trick brings the cast time from a few minutes to a few seconds .
got all those guys but in-game it says need 32 ... for the life of me i ca n't figure it out .
i cant see any positive aspects in my solar return .
i was born nov 21 1984 at 737 am in mexico city and the past years have been of great effort since i had my saturn return .
i was hoping to find some positive news from my solar return attached in link but i am not sure what to think about having moon and uranus in solar return house 10 because that may interpret as loosing my job..and vertex and sun in return house 5 in limits to the 6th house health issues ? .
i was hoping to see any signs of a new swrious relationship but i dont !
hey guys i just wanted to get some advice about using flashes .
i got a pretty nice canon '' yongnuo speedlite for the holidays and i 'd love if you have an excellent guide to using flashes manually .
i got a diffuser cap for it as well so i 'm ahead of the game .
i 'm using it with my eos 750d t5i if you need context .
i will be taking pictures of my college 's extracurricular activities many of which involve low indoor lighting and very hard lighting from the sun so guides to create more diffused portraiture or group photos would be greatly appreciated .
i 've told the nest that i do n't want the temperature to fall below 18,5 c during the night so far so good usually the temperature does n't fall below so the heating does n't even start during the night .
but i 've also set the schedule manually to 19 degrees celsius at 8 in the morning .
but the system starts pre-heating '' somewhere around 4:20 am that is way way to early .
i want the system to start heating at about 6:30 not earlier .
previously i had it set up to be around 21 c at 8 in the morning but then it also started to pre-heat this early that 's why i lowered it to 19 but it still starts to heat so early .
does anyone what happened between them and soundcloud because they arent on it anymore
started slowly learning japanese back in late spring of 2015 and was getting somewhere however the past month or so i fell to illness that kind of took me out for about two weeks ... along with the holidays and personal stuff in the mix i 've been out of my anki/human japanese studies long enough that it feels like i forgot a lot of things .
any suggestions on how to get back into the swing of things ?
should i start all over or pick up where i had left off hoping things would come back to me ?
i have tested this during the speed gr 70 's that i have done and the result is repeatable for sure .
in large density areas with many mobs the fetishes regardless if you are shooting darts or not will only melee mobs even if re-casted .
now i am not the only one who saw this as i saw people from my friends list say rip darts '' .
if anyone can reproduce this let me know and lets report it .
p.s this only happens in greater rifts and not anything else as far as testing goes .
edit it looks like it affects the carnevil mask in general and the fetishes default to melee from time to time on their own .
on another note sometimes removing and reequipping or re-summoning temporarily fixes the issue .
edit2 looks like blizzard is now aware of the issue here is the blue post
we 're working on a hotfix but i do n't have an eta to share just yet .
please stay tuned to the hotfix thread for future updates .
never have really tried anything harder although have done lots of research on various substances over the years out of curiosity .
i finally decided i want to roll take mdma .
i already know about taking supplements and testing to make sure i am actually taking mdma .
my question is more about the spacing out of taking it .
i already know the recommended time to space out mdma use is 3 months but if i took it at these dates how much damage would i be doing to myself ?
also if this schedule seems to much i am interested in trying lsd .
i feel like ml and moonrise would be the better environment for trip pin because of the more chill environments .
how could i prepare to trip at a festival or should i just stick to rolling .
anyway thanks to anyone who gives me advice it means the world to me because i am nervous but excited to try new things like this !
i was wondering if i could insulate the basement by sticking this stuff to the wall .
i also want a way to close the seams up when putting this together .
i 've read a lot of articles about people who are for hesitant about or against dating online and i did n't realize it was so 'controversial ' maybe i 'm just naiive .
anyway i 'm curious what people 's thought processes were in deciding to use or forgo online dating .
so riot introduced their new champion select and with it came with a big upset .
it was obvious that allowing massive stacks into solo queue is a bad idea there was at least one thread on a frontpage of r/leagueoflegends but it disappeared and everyone forgot about it .
now it comes live and oh noes everything is going to hell .
inb4 you only lose 3 lp so it 's not unfair to play against 5-stacks dynamic queue is n't absolute crap ''
i 'll admit i have n't had much time to play since i got the game so maybe this is nothing new but it surprised me .
tl dr if you honk a car horn near rebels they will get in your car and shoot out the windows at bad guys .
not shown in the clip is if you get up on the roof of the car or get into a turret on the vehicle they will hop in the drive sit and proceed to drive to the waypoint you have set .
freeing you up to blow away any chasers and what not .
you can see in the clip my confusion as i got out after honking but then was like wait was she about to get in ? ! '' .
i lol 'd pretty hard at how she died at the end .
if i can afford one of them come saturday i 'm hoping to pick up one of them to go into my ultimate team
i currently have around around 650k whilst needing to pick up if godin marcelo thiago silva and one of these two mentioned above for that final cm role .
modric will be on 10chem bale 7 chem who should i go for ?
hey everyone hope someone can help sorry if this is the wrong place to ask but i thought if anyone knows what i 'm looking for it 'd be here .
the comic i 'm trying to find is one i read a couple of years ago where from memory a couple go through a door they find and end up in a room where they ca n't go back and have to keep going through door ls and rooms over and over but as they keep going get less detailed each time .
any help would be much appreciated in finding this thanks !
hello everyone i have created a new platform pollen chat '' which intends to connect everyone in the hyper-local space be it users merchants shops or events .
i would be highly thankful if people can try my application and see if it 's something they can actually use in their daily lives .
features hyper-local interactions anonymous anonymous chats flexible nicknames reward system for participating in hyper-local interactions deals discovery deals publishing for merchants etc .
i 'm up and killing time before starting my day so i figured i 'd pass the time here captioning your favorite pics/gifs .
i 'm open to pretty much anything except animals/blood/gore/bathroom things/vomit/impreg and generally prefer bondage see r/damselsindistress for inspiration incest ageplay oral nipple play dress up lingerie heels etc .
so shoot me your dirty pics and gifs and a kink or two and i 'll get something written for you .
so im currently playing earthbound and its one of the best games i 've ever played all i would like to know is how far am i in it ?
i have just got into the tunnels under tenda village could someone give me a general idea of how close i am to completing it ?
as we move towards the sixth season the show has now left certain things clear about the asoiaf endgame via the inclusion or exclusion of certain characters e.g .
having said that it 's been said many times now that the show and books are two different paths to the same end .
in light of this what if any theories have been derailed due to events or lack thereof in the show ?
since i broke the 50yo mark i notice that i 've been losing leg hair on my calves .
it could be a combo of getting old pants too tight i wear jeans or cords and some illness .
i checked with the doc i do n't have an illness or anything that could lead to it .
do you just leave it as is or trim the rest of your leg hair a bit ?
i have pretty hair legs and it looks off to have hairy thighs but smooth calves .
so my steam account was recently hacked email changed password changed all emails related to steam in my email erased on only my desktop i had all of steams security stuff enabled except mobile cause i dont have a phone and i 'm really worried as to how long it will take for steam to help me out .
does anyone know how long it usually takes for steam to reply to these types of issues ?
lack of a consistent big-hitter for the middle overs and the death time for yuvraj or raina to return ?
indian bowlers letting the pressure escape by allowing finch and marsh to run amok
dhoni 's captaincy any improvements from the previous game ?
easy chase for the batsmen all the way or were they ever in trouble ?
richardson not good enough for the international stage yet ?
seems as if we have to score more runs and that puts a lot of pressure on the batsman .
back to back 300 is always good but looking at our bowlers we need to score 330 or more .
most of the wides were n't because of swing .
and we bowled wides even with the old ball .
when we were supposed to build pressure we bowled wides .
the morale is up we 'll just have to play a few more shots .
we can be on the receiving end if we lose too many wickets .
we have to go out there and enjoy it .
but looking at everything we have to score 330-plus to make a game out of it .
at the end of the day no matter how much you score .
the wickets are good you always get value for your shots and that 's what i want to do .
once i 'm in i feel good enough to score big .
overall pleased with my form but disappointing not to win .
yeah it was good tonight i think we did well to restrict them to 308 .
marsh and finch did n't panic and allowed us to play freely at the end .
the bowlers did well in the last game they pulled india back at the back end today too .
i 'm sure wade and faulkner will get a hit and do well when the get the chance .
since this subreddit appears to have a pretty active and helpful community i decided to repost this thread of mine from r/mentalhealth .
i can see people here dealing with similar problems of a 'fantasy world ' quite often so i 'd like to ask for your advice .
like i said in the title i 've discovered that my younger brother let 's call him tom 23 y.o. has an obsession over some fictional character .
so tom 's been battling depression for 2 years now having been on a few different meds already .
he currently lives at my place and i take care of him when his depression gets worse like it happened in october .
i 've presumed that 's just because of gloomy weather of fall .
and so did his doctor increasing the dose of his current medications .
the thing is tom 's mood used to swing so suddenly i started being suspicious if the change of a season really was the cause .
he started to completely withdraw from socializing although he made some progress on it during holidays .
i managed to convince him to at least hang-out with me a few times .
he was good with it even when i invited some of my friends .
however that one time when my best friend and his girlfriend joined us i 've noticed that tom was highly irritated to the point of showing some hostility towards the couple .
well a bit ashamed of my brother 's behaviour at our little party i 've confronted him about it afterwards but he just waved it off .
a few days earlier however he confessed to me that he fell in love with some girl but he did n't provide much details .
so after connecting dots i came to realization that he probably meant my best friends ' gf .
he snarkily said to me that he has no interest in this girl or any particular girl i know '' and that i should stop making things up '' .
to be honest i was n't fully convinced by that so i started slowly cross questioning him about that girl .
he was n't much talkative on this topic mostly repeating that he wo n't ever make out with her 'because she 's taken ' .
he also did n't want to show me her/tell me where i can see her saying that 'that 's not gon na happen ' and quickly brushing me off .
however he eventually provided me with a quite detailed description of her personality and her interests but not much about her appearence .
many weeks later i finished work earlier than usually .
i ordered a pizza on the way home as we have planned to have it for a dinner that day .
tom 's was paying as i was almost out of money so i took the money from his wallet as he was under the shower at the moment .
and now a shocker for me i 've found out that he 's been carrying in his wallet the photo of that girl he was all over during these last few months .
a bit creepy i guess but after further examination it ocurred to me that that person was n't even real looking rather like a video game character ...
i got a bit confused but i just left his wallet where it was and paid for a pizza myself .
a few days later i 've finally decided to ask him about what i 've discovered .
i casually started to question him again about his 'beloved ' and he once again happily but also somewhat embitteredly described her to me .
then i asked him if he means 'that girl looking this and that ' based of the photo i 've seen .
the feeling of shock he expressed quickly turned into anger .
since that time he tries his best to avoid speaking with me .
i decided to not touch this topic for now but i must admit that i 'm worried .
if he 's truly obsessed over a fictional character and all these months was so gloomy because of well because he 's not able to connect with his 'love ' that sounds too sick to me to ignore .
and he probably knows what i think about it as he was once trying to convince me that it was 'a silly joke ' and that i should n't tell this to his doc well i doubt he did that himself .
i told him that i wo n't at least not before discussing this matter with him but when he avoids me at all costs ... how should i approach this situation ?
i 've already talked to tom 's doctor i.e .
to my surprise he just introduced us to another doctor just for therapy matter .
anyway my bro 's been appointed on february 14th .
in the meantime i 'm trying to talk with him as much as i can but seeing him in a strong denial i 'm still not entirely sure how to approach it .
best vietnam wishes for the soviet union to give us the license to produce any soviet weaponry .
hello i wan na ask a question can prion from protein powder creatine or amino acids cause prion diseases i bought half a pound of protein from my gym trainer i took them for a month and then stopped without the package.could that cause diseases like mad cow disease or ffi ?
i daydream a whole lot and often imagine future scenarios where i 'm successful heroic awesome etc .
i usually would play out situations in my head where i 'm telling really funny jokes and i get standing ovations or where i beat up a bad guy real good .
so today i was imagining a scenario about how some no-gooder was ruffling my hair and being a nuisance to me .
i got in an altercation with him and told him to stop twirling my hair .
so he pulled out a knife what an overreaction ikr .
then he tried to hurt me with his knife and i dodged like to left and then to the right and then backwards a bit .
i then picked the knife off the ground where he left it last and then started running after him !
i snapped out of the daydream and asked myself ... can i really run with knives ?
that 's only stuff kitchen teachers say because kids are idiot .
teachers tell me to not rock chairs or else i snap my neck bones but i do it anyways .
so i go to my laundry room and grab a knife from the rack .
i whip the knife up in front of my face and spin around and then i start to pick up my legs and just as i 'm about to i trip over a basket and slice my thigh .
i am watching the def con 23 talk https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ltngmxmymx4 list=pl9fpq3eqfaabuhqvvdzpowxznyymyx5ux index=107 of eijah on demonsaw https www.demonsaw.com .
although the contribution is nice i do not feel like the author has enough cryptographic background for a safe implementation there are mistakes in the presentation .
i did not find previous threads on that topic within r/netsec r/crypto or r/asknetsec and any opinion on that matter would be appreciated .
i just asked the guy at rehearsal with me if i could try his horn .
even then i do n't have the means to get another horn unless i could maybe convince my school to sell this one and buy another cheap one mack brass etc .
you know both of them so it 's cringe for you but the rest of us do n't know them so it 's not as cringy for us .
does he just not have a pc at all what does he use to do email and such ?
someone screenshot this and send it to the dayz dev team
why do you believe that a hobby has to be about creating something ?
my favorite hobby is reading i do n't think that 's a waste of time because i did n't create a scarf in my spare time .
we already spend 40 hours a week being productive i see nothing wrong with wanting to enjoy 40 minutes of free time a day especially when op has a social life and is fit .
if you are painting your face up or creating doilies precisely what impact on the world around you does that have ?
just enjoy your life you 'll be dead before you know it anyways .
if you feel the need to be doing something you label as highly intellectual or creative that 's fine but it 's not inherently right it 's just subjective .
op is n't doing anything wrong he could just as easily tell her that spending money on makeup and x amount of time applying and fixing it throughout the day is a waste .
anybody have pics of the dcs and rage during vorago release ?
now that was intense anger i think jagex even gave some stuff back .
haha i think op meant people that viewers would 've gotten sick of not that they would 've gotten sick
holy crap crow is in his true form right now
i 'm glad that it worked and you could keep you accounts .
rng stays the same if you use the same squad similar to forcequitting before changes up if you change your squad
i believe i can flllloh shit shit shit shit fuuucccckkkkk ! ! ! ! ''
worst ever and the girl does n't even realize it happened
i have n't compared but i 'm fairly certain there should be zero difference as they 're both using the inbuilt psp function .
it makes a world where no information is ever completely destroyed look a lot brighter in comparison right ?
these are the funnest set of achievements in this thread .
mistake 1 having high hopes for a chinese movie .
pick the low expectations pleasant surprise '' approach for a better chinese movie experience
we have a smoothie guy we might as well get one of those .
i just looked it up and the current smart car weighs 1,940 lbs !
that 's exactly right it was a dumpy part of town .
ah by the formatting i had just assumed it was a bot .
i feel for your loss i do n't know if i could take it .
on the bright side you can probably get close to 10k by parting it out which is likely more than insurance will give you .
unless it was someone else 's fault in which case fight them fight them till they make shit right .
those were like all the videos posted a little bit ago right ?
not sure if hull were knackered from having chased the ball for most of an hour by the time he came on but he really put the shits up their defence by running at them .
thank you for the detailed comment currently our website shows how master players build their items throughout the game not the average joe in which position and against which champion so it 's easier for you to follow and learn .
you definitely overkill on the psu and the rams lol
you should 've saved some money and invested in a single gpu that is way stronger than crossfiring the r9 270
and yes the bigger companies with actual revenue are doing better than the rest with the exception of apple which is down about 8 from one year ago .
the problem with your argument is that facebook employs 10,000 apple employs 16,000 google employs 20,000 and netflix employs 2,000 .
those 4 companies among the top-performing companies in the area are a drop in the bucket .
what 's driven this current boom is the massive influx of vc funding going to small companies .
and here 's another unrelated piece of info http www.nytimes.com/2016/01/14/us/us-will-track-secret-buyers-of-luxury-real-estate.html ? r=0 that will chill the bay area market in the future .
it 's starting in nyc and miami but it will certainly extend to other markets .
tech collapse plus a loss of laundered dirty chinese money will mean a collapse of the housing market .
drake suddenly stops his chanting drops his hand and starts gasping for air after all of the chanting and the drain on him .
the thing that drives me nuts with blatt and it 's really the only big thing when a reg season game like this sees some bad calls against us like that go earn a damn technical .
get pissed off and let the refs know about it .
just wish he would get a little more emotional think the team would respect it
i have a septum piercing and people wonder why i do n't want to hold babies besides their obvious stench and whatnots .
only one person will be chosen and he can listen to the new album at the event and it seems the fox god will make him do something .
i believe he is stupid enough to believe that he could rape murder dismember and incinerate teresa without anyone accusing him simply because of the huge controversy surrounding his original false conviction and imprisonment .
i think he truly believed he could deny his involvement in her disappearance and that the investigators would n't want to implicate him in any way to avoid backlash from the community or falsely accuse him again .
steven avery is not the victim here teresa is the victim and this man believed that he could get away with her murder because he 's not intelligent and he figured that nobody would try to accuse him again after he was exonerated he probably was n't aware that his dna was in her vehicle nor was he aware that her remains were still identifiable .
he 's a sloppy criminal who was wrongfully accused and convicted of a rape many years ago but he also had a chip on his shoulder from being wrongfully punished for a crime he did n't commit and i think he figured investigators would n't try to convict him of a crime again so as to avoid a shitstorm of controversy from the community that he was being falsely accused once again .
why is it so hard to believe that he murdered her ?
there is no reason why the county would want more negative attention after his initial false conviction and negative attention is all they 've received since convicting steve avery .
it 's not some vast conspiracy against this guy he is just an imbecile who is obviously so delusional that he genuinely thought he 'd get away with murder .
i always do boring/repetitive stuff first like the background or boring colors .
that way i get that stuff over with so i can work with the fun colors .
nah take your time man was just checking in before i forgot was all
that seriously bothered me after watching game of thrones .
all high tension moments ruined because you know they somehow survive .
oh shit jesse is going to get gunned down by these thugs ... oh wait no he is n't .
he is n't dead in season 5 so he has to survive . ''
not what i expected but hey he had to get away somehow he does n't die . ''
seems like the only way something gets thrown out of our fridge is when it starts to move around and eat other items .
and even then we give it an extra week to tidy things up .
but yeah i see expiration dates as mainly for people who don't/ca n't trust their own senses .
if i had an impaired sense of smell and could n't tell if the milk was off or not i might toss it right around the expiration date .
your submission https www.reddit.com/r/stevenuniverse/comments/411bmv/what_are_your_lapis_theories_leak_spoilers has been removed from stevenuniverse because it violates rule 3 .
do not put content that would spoil '' the newest episode for those who have not watched it into the title of your post .
if you 'd like you can change your submission 's title and resubmit .
if you have any concerns about this removal please send a message the moderators https www\.reddit\.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fstevenuniverse subject=my removed submission message=i 'm writing to you about the following submission https www.reddit.com/r/stevenuniverse/comments/411bmv/what_are_your_lapis_theories_leak_spoilers .
bridges we do n't need no stinkin bridges close them all .
it has nothing to do with there being asians in the neighbourhood .
straight up it 's terribly managed in terms of street hygiene .
i used to do a feral cat outreach down there and i spent a lot of time walking through alleys that were beyond filthy .
you say you do all the work on your own ?
or how this auto-car thing is just a fad .
as much as i like it i also hate it .
i do n't think there is much of a difference in contact compared to a normal night but they are calling a lot more fouls .
she has plenty of mobility giving her this will make her extremely annoying to play against but i know that this also has weakness since bailing out leave her out of the equation in a team fight in some scenario for example if you win the war people need you to help pushing or if she has a long range abilities she could always help kiting .
had a box of mac n cheese by myself for dinner tonight .
have also eaten bottles of mustard dijon or honey and a 1lb of pretzels before too
it 's the best reviewed movie debuting this week 56 on rt .
not great but definitely not a critical hit job .
i know on the toll road it 'll stay up if it is busy to avoid going up and down over and over .
every time i think of me who i think of sodasopa
i 'm here i 've just got a broadcast class going on as well .
that 's a great habit doing your own cooking is huge not to mention delicious !
the challenge will be finding the time and energy to keep it up .
i´m not sure about her movie projects but it wasn´t like with winter´s bone director she just found a niche doing tv stuff and was really good a it and well paid too
do you mind the mass abundance of dlc that costs way more than the game ?
do you mind microtransaction market in addition to that ?
if you do n't mind either go ahead and buy the game otherwise i 'd go get another game instead like vermintide or left 4 dead 2 for example .
if you are living on your own supporting yourself your parents have a lot less to say about your life .
the vast majority of people to ever live where born too early to explore the earth ''
i agree but the problem with it is that no two people share the exact same axioms from which to build a critique .
as such each critique will be built on a set of different premises unique to the critic .
the premises can vary slightly between critics or there can be an entire gulf between them depending on aesthetic predilections .
critique from myriad perspectives is a very helpful thing .
it can illuminate inform even occasionally inspire but it is always important to keep in mind that it is a series of logical steps that stem from evaluative premises that may well be different from your own .
i always get all the stuff i do n't need .
just got 2 double shot hunting rifles in this dungeon .
seriously though your comment here is completely ok but if this becomes a discussion about 'shallow people ' and whatnot just keep it civil and i 'll be the happiest dude alive
wenns die afd auf bundesebene zu was bringt lösen wir uns einfach los .
so much bullshit if someone does n't communicate you should do you best to find out why .
lack of communication usually has an underlying reason and i say this as someone who has trouble communicating in real life .
your submission has been removed because it contained a buzzword that is answered in the faq http www.reddit.com/r/csgolounge/comments/29ur6z/read_before_you_post_faq it already has an established announcement topic or on www.csgolounge.com/rules .
if you feel that your post was wrongly removed do n't hesitate to submit a modmail ! http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcsgolounge .
be sure to link to your thread otherwise your modmail may be ignored .
as a note your submission has been removed for mentioning the word worth '' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/csgolounge if you have any questions or concerns .
also i noticed the japanese men and women dress really really well alluding to the pride they must take in their self image
this is another reason that surgical masks are so popular in japan and the rest of east asia .
while a big part is to not spread disease if you 're sick i would say an equal amount of women will wear them if they do n't feel like putting on make up .
as a mod developer i have to tell you you are writing nonsense here .
stopping the spread of stds is a really big deal especially in high schools .
in my high school luckily a few years after i left there was an aids outbreak because of this mindset you have here .
i 'm always surprised how old news can get you so many upvotes .
i 'm using it for a slightly different purpose so ymmv .
well i was ingame now and got the prompt but there was a cancel button and i was back in the game instead of updating .
so the absolute fastest way for you to get to level 100 would be to buy wow 20 warlords of draenor 20 comes with a level 90 boost and pre-order legion 50 comes with a level 100 640 ilvl boost .
if you 're willing to wait a little more time you can start the free version level up a toon like 10 levels takes an hour or less iirc log off and wait a while not sure how long no more than a day i think and then when you log in you get an offer to get wow 50 off for 10 .
you can then get warlords of draenor and level and gear your character the old fashioned way from level 90 .
so if you 're willing to take another couple weeks or less depending on how much you play you can bring the cost down to 30 .
if you know you love wow and know you want to get legion you can also use that method and then just pre-order legion anyway which just brings the total cost down to around 80+tax instead of 90 .
did n't you make a post a couple days ago saying you wanted to represent yourself because it would be such an easy case ?
maybe it 'll stop my parents from harassing me about buying a home when i send them some articles like this .
my parents keep bugging me with their requirements '' for my first home .
has to be freehold no body corporate not an apartment not a unit and not cost more than 5x my annual income .
i was looking at one place which was 800k 10x income and all they could do was criticise how it was a dump and in a bad area .
i think i 'll move to the south island and they can come and visit their grandchildren at christmas .
this pair has most likely lost us the match .
better finch got out sub 20 for 10 or something .
if there was n't any banter then it 'd just be boring .
i 'm running banter in both nba and nfl fantasy .
all payday 2 mods are available here being them mod overrides or blt mods .
30 sec slow 30 sec fast for two hours ?
i would go mad trying to keep track of that .
additionally a two hour long speed workout seems excessive .
from what i 've read in a few resources jurek 's eat and run and powell 's relentless forward progress you want your recovery time to be about half the time of your fast pace if you 're doing intervals or about half the distance if you 're doing a fartlek .
so for example if you ran 5 minutes fast then you 'd want to rest for 2.5 minutes and then do your next rep .
in terms of duration you 'd rather do something between 30-60 minutes long with a suitable warm up .
for example some of the intervals and fartleks that i have done during my marathon training schedule
there are many many more examples of intervals and fartleks you can find online to help you out .
i had saved a few links for myself but i ca n't find them right now .
you can also try reading daniel 's running formula to get more in depth knowledge on the matter .
edit i 'm far from an expert on the matter .
it 's a lot of the same character stuff that even before youtube was getting zack ryder over .
i think the key difference is heath seems more in control of when to be goofy and when to be serious .
i try to watch movies with my dk2 but after 30 minutes my nose hurts gets red and i got to take the hmd off .
i do n't trust cod to keep its player numbers past the first few months or so on pc .
treyarch 's past game black ops 2 came out three years ago and it only declined in population due to black ops 3 coming out .
before that it had a bigger community than any other cod besides cod4 .
this is great news i held off on 9.2 on my 6 plus because i 'd heard so many negatives about it .
you may use a third party application like free youtube downloader '' for this purpose .
what people do n't want to see bruhl looking like this https youtu.be/tum8takdjac ? t=7m13s ?
yamaha acoustics are good value in general in my opinion so i will recommend them first and foremost .
the bigger question is how much you are willing to spend .
admittedly i think that cheap instruments do n't inspire people to continue playing .
like she says pretty much everyone on both sides of the issue dislikes abortion .
and we all agree that in an ideal world no one would get one .
and we all even agree that much of the cause of abortion are various societal issues that she raises .
the problem is it seems that her solution is to ban abortions and the other problems will fix themselves .
unfortunately that wo n't happen overnight and she seems to be ignoring all the collateral damage that will happen in the meantime .
the abortion issue is complicated and i am happy to see that her position is a lot more nuanced than most pro-lifers but it still fails to address the reality of the issue for women .
deep down i know i 'm being unreasonable and i would n't want to potentially ruin my boyfriend 's friendship with emma hence my hesitation in bringing it up with him .
thank you for being a neutral 3rd party voice of reason .
a prison can only be seen as a place where people can be reintroduce into the society not simply a punishment .
you can makes prison with small cells dorms etc .
not in scandinavia but gordon ramsay spend six month working with inmates to provide them with a solution http metro.co.uk/2012/06/24/gordon-ramsay-i-had-to-stop-prison-fights-during-gordon-behind-bars-487247
just when i used up 2 orbs in fg .
just because you do n't scratch his eyes out trying to get away does n't mean it is not rape .
the second he keeps going after you say no or stop it 's rape .
it does n't matter than he 's your boyfriend and not a stranger who has dragged you into the alley .
it does n't matter that you love him or that you willing had sex with him already .
when you say no or stop that 's it .
you do n't owe him you are not obligated to complete whatever sex act just because you started .
stream movie lucy 2014 '' pc link to view yify high quality putlocker mkv how download
a woman accidentally caught in a dark deal turns the tables on her captors and transforms into a merciless warrior evolved beyond human logic .
there 's only one thing that bothers me and that 's the hard cut-scene where kal-el and lois are in the interrogation room after he talks through the double-sided mirror .
then in the next scene the two are outside facing each other .
the fluidity and pacing seems off which makes this continuity cut '' feel like it was rushed .
it looks like something we would see in a wes anderson film .
but that 's just me being really really picky .
otherwise i feel that the film did its job and it will be seen as a better film once we see how the other films interconnect .
i like to read that it 's someone 's favorite film .
fuck yeah i 'm jerkin off right now lolol ''
i 've lived in cinci ohio la and baltimore .
that was an easy and fast way to land yourself another downvote .
thats funny i actually make just a little bit more than you .
about 65k canadian but my living is much cheaper obviously .
i wonder how cheap you can go back home tho .
my rent is like 440cad a month and then ive managed to stop going out to drink layed off the other stuff and mostly eat fresh plants that i cook myself .
i 'd love to give those nipples the attention they deserve
the tweak name still has 'facebook messenger ' in it is n't that a trademark violation ?
i envy the clothes that wrap around your body i envy the covers that keep you warm at night for they get to enjoy the sweet touch of your skin ...
envy is a horrible thing do n't you think ?
im going to see that tonight the lumiere thing .
i must admit if i didnt work near oxford circus i doubt id make the trip in to london to see them it doesnt look like there is much happening .
i like how it 's possible to be intelligent and still hate trump ''
i like this version better than a few weeks old fetus having ultimate powers of destruction .
but i just wonder how did the doctor know when will her powers manifest just by looking at her ?
why was he not shocked that erika gave birth to his daughter and he did n't even tell him ?
does the test only work if the powers already manifested ?
there should be videos on how to understand enough football .
if you know people who watch football it helps getting into it by being in an atmosphere that has a love for football .
the rams are n't in it however but it will give you a chance to learn with out having a side to choose so it 's neutral .
it 's obvious i was referring to canada 's superior belly button piercing .
what i would like to see is just to retire your characters from previous seasons kind of like a hall of fame .
fluff stuff is part and parcel to leadership jobs .
we 're a week away from our third rate cut in a year .
a company that 's going to hire highly-paid skilled workers is big news and helps drum up home .
this is somewhere they want to shine a light .
not the 1000 husky workers that 'll probably be laid off next week .
the only post i deleted recently was one on r/medical or something .
just wanted to post and say thanks downloaded the pack and used a sample or two almost immediately .
you can get more than 1 ehp per hour if you use some rather creative methods
right in fact if the phones of the french terrorists had not been encrypted and if all the communications they used during the massacre were only plain text sms we would have stopped them for sure .
may i introduce u to a world of peace and serenity
a realm in which there is no place for anger hatred or jealousy
may i introduce to u the path of the monk
it 's a beautifull concept in which the peace and calm of being a monk thrives while every sliver of hatred get 's whiped out by fire or doom .
the main ingrediënts for such a calm and contemplating life style are fairly easy to achieve
all creatures besides monks are inferior in life and battle .
hence only monks can enter your deck as they improve greatly by learning all these spells .
even all tokens must be a representative of our glorious peace loving culture
all creatures besides monks are incapable of our higher goal .
therefore they must be wiped out from existence through the use of wraths .
the use of spells that burn all creatures to death is advised .
we believe in the power of reincarnation and therefore are indestructible .
use this wisdom in the form of cheap spells to make sure your monks know how to survive your own wraths .
cleans the bord stay alive and punch hard with a thousand fists .
disclaimer the combination of wraths protection is not guaranteed .
disclaimer although your monks are in the trusted hands of our dalai lama narset great be here name she may occasionally decide to exile some of your monks .
maybe in a next life they will serve u better .
ps your chances of succeeding might improve by manipulation your library through scrying brainstorming or similar .
tldr monk tribal 15 monks wraths 10 wraths survival 10 cards that make creatures indestructible .
i think i can use cayley hamilton to prove it but i am getting a bit bogged down .
is a natural conclusion of the theorem that a-*lambda*i a-*mu*i 0 ?
is a a-*lamda*i mu a-*lamda*i an equivalent statement to the claim being proved ?
but i will challenge marcus sometime soon so will get it in a week or so
see if you can get the medicine in cuba .
watched snowtown a few weeks ago fuck me that movie really stuck with me after i saw it .
i went about 3 laps around its a nice view .
some company is gon na take this idea and put a patent on it .
both stepper motors on the z axis are tied together in the software and hardware and receive the same signal .
they both stop when the x carriage closes the micro switch at the bottom of travel .
raise the x carriage back up and then lower it again but this time find the micro switch and manually depress before the x carriage reaches the bed this should cause both z screws to stop .
if so then your micro switch is not getting activated by the x carriage when it reaches the bottom .
if pressing the switch does not stop the x carriage then the switch or the wiring for that switch is bad and will need to be checked out further .
if one z screw stops and the other keeps moving then that would be something i have not encountered and could not explain knowing what i know of how the printers are wired and the software inside them works .
rd uses whatever bandwidth available to show the desktop of a remote computer using something similar to video streaming .
mouse moves and clicks and the video stream will show your actions in real time on the remote computer .
when you have a high bandwidth it 's normally indistinguishable from actually being logged on locally to a desktop .
however when the bandwidth is low rd can be very slow to update the changes on the screen and to see the actions of your mouse clicks .
now if there were several remote desktop sessions chained together uugggh ... makes me annoyed just thinking about it it would be an incredibly slow way of doing anything and yes the target computer at the end of the chain would have the slowest input lag poorest video stream back to the hackers computer .
coreutils is a gnu project while util-linux more a loose collection of of tools to help with linux kernel components from various sources and under various licenses .
gnu projects always come with a manual in the info format info coreutils will give you the manual op linked locally and a short description for commands in the man format .
but outside of gnu projects that is not very common ... and they only use man-pages .
the whole point of the serious tag should be that incase the question stem is equivocal about the seriousness of op 's intention then the tag makes it clear .
that does not mean we can not appreciate a few jokes or puns all the same .
the point being the general tone of the discussion should be to answering what op wanted answered .
a family pack of oreos with a half gallon of milk .
awful color pallet maps way too big and way too camper friendly making it a snoozefest when almost every tdm match ends by time streaks where bad and not fun to use bo3 arent any better .
only good thing was hit detection but the game was so fucking boring i reach prestige 2 and just quit .
and now tell what was the innovative things they put ?
remember trying to draw the logo in middle school never looked good .
we got a treadmill in our park which is at the high point of the area so awesome views its my toke spot but love just running on it watching the view remember to take extra magnesium it helps with muscle cramps and recovery time of muscles
if you look at the big picture paleness is relatively in fashion right now too .
i think it goes along with 90s grunge revival thing that 's been happening .
i 've been around long enough to see lots of trends come and go and extreme paleness seems more popular than it 's been in awhile .
i think trends are actually going to start moving away from it though as the grunge thing kind of dies out so it 'll be interesting to see how people react to that .
personally i go through phases where i like playing up my paleness and then sometimes i feel like doing something different for awhile and go for a sunkissed '' look but it has nothing to do with suddenly thinking paleness is a bad thing i just like to switch things up because i think more than one look can be attractive .
if i did n't i 'd only own like one lipstick and eyeshadow .
my bronze friend was banned for getting boosted by his plat friend .
riot does a good job of catching boosters/the boosted .
you basically said that you should n't have them all for yourself go share
this is the door closed http imgur.com/6ht5p2i i 'm not sure how far back the wood flooring goes .
really struggling to find a single edged bar that is wide enough at the minute .
i leave sisyphus at the foot of the mountain .
but sisyphus teaches the higher fidelity that negates the gods and raises rocks .
this universe henceforth without a master seems to him neither sterile nor futile .
each atom of that stone each mineral flake of that night-filled mountain in itself forms a world .
the struggle itself toward the heights is enough to fill a man 's heart .
i have the same exact thing since a few days ago .
i 've been using the same exact setup for weeks and untill recently she just starts meleeing.. maybe jagex updated her mechanics in some way ?
i 'm actually disappointed that i 'm going now i heard that bill lawry commentating !
and the trend of awfull celerity 5 skills continues .
you are one of the best titans i have ever seen and all i can say is thank fuck you are on the ps4 lol .
i 've been wanting to try this build for a long time and i think you may have inspired me .
clearly you are just very good at pvp in general i am not but maybe if i just keep forcing myself i can get good at it over time .
although if i am honest it was a little depressing because it made me realize just how terrible i am at trials ha !
as much as you are right you are also wrong .
sure he does motivate people with his sad videos and speeches .
it 's been well over at least a year since he said he would lose weight .
believe me i want him to get thinner and healtier i really do .
but when you see him in one video talking about how depression makes him want to give up then the next week he is sipping from a 2l soda bottle like its a 500ml water bottle he literally is working against himself .
and he says hes on a diet and says his buddy '' is helping him get an excersize plan .
but you know what he is the poster boy for why you should't tell the world about your goals https www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/32w9rm/lpt_when_you_have_a_goal_dont_tell_people_about_it .
he makes a video gets a tonne of positive feedback that makes him feel good and he feels like hes already done it .
so sure he can make videos that help and inspire people but you know what the people he helps and inspires actually go and do not sit around and say they will do .
i would n't say hes a scum bag i ca n't say for sure if he just says hes going to do it for sympathy views but as a guy with depression myself i do n't buy his oh i am too depressed to even move '' .
so am i i barely even walk around but i also do n't stuff my face with garbage food and do n't drink pop like its water .
he literally does n't even need to excersize all he has to do is not eat the same amount of calories and he will slowly lose weight .
eat less and work out and he will lose weight faster .
do nothing and he will remain as fat or get fatter which he is after years of saying he will try .
it triggers on 1/7 hits but that includes non-lethal effects like toxin procs and leech osprey darts as well as some environmental hazards such as fire .
it wo n't be running the entire mission but it will be active enough .
the show which i find is the most similar is ssy .
i would like to see and 18 team top league and two pararell league localised to help teams keep costs down say an east league and a west league or north/south for example .
improve the overall quality of the top league and keep costs down .
would also i straits matches between more local rivals too .
the top two teams from each league get promoted to the 18 league and two auto go down .
niks bare se bankerne de har fundet på systemer hvor penge kan genbruges i det uendelige eller indtil nogen vil have deres penge ud .
many people use the timer to go and take a dump just to come back and see they dodged now .
it 's just 5 more and if there is a sale you could even pay less .
se io changed their plans so often now that i 'm not intereseted in taking any high risks with paying the 60 bucks before seeing all the content .
just make beer out of it and give it a catchy name that describes the situation .
if you just rolled a six on a dice twice the chances of rolling another 6 are 1 in 6 not one in 36 .
but the chances of rolling three sixes in a row are 1 in 216 .
put another way just because rolling a 3 has happened a lot in a game does n't mean it is more or less likely to come up in the future .
everybody stares into the camera at some point except for remi ... such a special snowflake p
i 've made a few posts but if it gets no activity i anxiously delete it because i think everyone thought my post was stupid .
see we generally leave it up to women to decide what they want men to focus on by not dictating what they wear at all .
and everyone thought this scumbag was a savior last election .
the seeds that were sewn have now grown and been reaped .
you wo n't be doing exactly what he did of course but its possible to use a similar registration and use distortion .
choose the expedited shipping and it will be to you in a week or so .
is do n't thinks its gay hentai just a dick girl fetish type thing .
you can somehow use an exploit and redo stages for when you messed up a combo or needed more skyfalls by i think resetting your phone or something if you did that the exp at the end will be different from the normal exp you would get .
it 's just to show i did n't reset on my run .
people who make fun of other people to impress a girl or guy
good platoon commander and the lmg gunner seemed all over it .
fuck being that sniper cutting around the battlespace with a jav on his back .
i got a flash message about this probably speaks volumes of my interests and the amount of pain pills i prescribe .
do n't really know what else happened but it 'll probably be interesting to follow .
i love it in texas too however i wear pants most of the year because it 's cold .
also it 's great that we have access to a whole lot of cultural diversity here !
the production has a really relaxed and nice vibe to it .
i contacted to support my motherboard asus and they give me a updated bios and this fix it
this is only one thing you can do it now
can i just take a step away from the scientific and ethical concerns to say that this is absolutely adorable ?
til i want an ammibo of a tf2 hat with a pipboy
looking at a map now they 're mostly all still there .
a few shape changes and one by mann island has gone .
i think you 'd be surprised just how many docks we have !
ive recently been watching some well lets be honest all of alan thrall 's https www.youtube.com/user/athrall7 videos .
once we get some more money the first things we get will be foam rollers lacrosse balls maybe thiis book .
no it wo n't get it because windows rt only received it because it wo n't be getting windows 10 hence it was a stop gap measure with a few updates around the edge .
for all intents and purposes windows rt is a dead end time to move on .
both players leave while keeper gets treated on the pitch
was subbed off but he was the same guy with a different shirt .
if so i 'm sure there is some rules to forfeit the game but if not then second yellow then he 's off .
second of all how does that counter or refute my point at all ?
it very much affects other people having your arm in the air holding up a phone blocks people 's views and produces distracting glares .
i 'm trying to break into modern eggs and i added some of my own flair to it .
any thoughts on sideboard or even mainboard improvements that wo n't cost my kidneys ?
i saw cuckoo for the first time a few weeks ago and was surprised to see andy samberg pop up .
i interviewed desmond tutu and pele in south africa when i was still in college .
i think we 're seeing highly compressed hi-fi productions emerge that slot elements from existing genres into formats packaged for the palates of kids who came up with main stage big room and drop-centric sets future house '' for example .
i think that 'll start happening more for techno though it 'll never be as accessible .
i think the anonymous marketing only works when the music is there .
no one cares about someone who 's faceless and average .
never liked the stand alone when i used firefox ... now i use chrome and the built-in zotero is the one thing i miss about firefox .
american alternative band led by singer and guitarist bob mould ex-hüsker dü alongside bassist david barbe ex-mercyland and drummer malcolm travis ex-human sexual response .
top hit in the u.s. helpless https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ouf1sobmhr8
top hit in the u.k. if i ca n't change your mind https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ahnfialp_ys
personally i think grrm 's decision was more based on his belief he could keep up a two-year gap between books pace he was doing .
i 'm sure he thought well let 's just skip the gap and if i need to go beyond 7 because i have to add a lot of filler now so be it .
grrm was probably as shocked as we were at how slow his writing pace would get .
dissenting opinion cancer awareness is also a worthwhile cause .
i spoke just today at a cancer awareness event with a group called early recognition is critical e.r.i.c .
http www.earlyrecognitioniscritical.org we spoke with hundreds of kids today and will have seen thousands of kids throughout this week .
these kids are mostly middle schoolers in grades 6-8 who can be self conscious about their bodies and may not feel comfortable speaking up if they notice something amiss like a lump or other symptoms .
's mission is to spread awareness about cancer not in the oh hai guys cancer exists '' kind of way but in a pragmatic way that teaches kids what to look for and gives them the confidence to speak up to a parent or loved one if something is wrong .
we teach kids about a healthy lifestyle and about how to pay attention to their bodies and to be an advocate for themselves and their own health .
obviously cancer research is important but so is cancer awareness .
this could only be funnier if will ferrell was the news anchor himself .
well yes p and then there 's also the numerous cute girls does '' such as become a café barrista cook meals and eat them or the weirder school tank battle tournament shows which are usually pretty much all female
i mainly resolved to actually play the games i wanted to play most even if i had to revisit some titles .
i 'm starting with wii u and wii and will be moving onto steam where my largest library is later .
my personal favorite is in the kitchen with a veggie fajita a dollar bill is the bookmark in my bhagavad gita ''
wrong or right offering incentives to companies to do business in a particular place happens in every industry and across the globe .
if you want the jobs and resulting economic benefits you need to play the game .
oh right we discovered the industry would evaporate once we turned off the taps .
huh that did n't go so well for new brunswick either .
there 's zero logic behind the rationale that just because your industry is 'film ' you get taxpayer support when any other industry could provide 'economic benefits ' with the same but for some reason does n't qualify .
i 'm going to go full gpp mode with the rest of my cash lineup to try to make up for brooks and mirotic
got a spare pitchfork you do n't need anymore laying around ?
come on down to r/pitchforkemporium and enjoy our new buyback program !
help aspiring mobbers get their premium pitchforks today and fill your pocket only at r/pitchforkemporium !
pitchforks may inexplicably combust or melt there will be no charge to you in the case of this
it 's used when people doubt the legitimacy of the electoral system such as when there are allegations of fraud that have gone un-investigated or when a minority group knows it will be outvoted by a majority and abstains to protest the legitimacy of a majority decision that binds both parties .
it essentially cedes the un-winnable election in order to make a point .
drops in participation are seen as de facto votes for the movement that organized the boycott which can then mobilize around that hopefully clear message sent by a significant minority of the public .
it essentially gives up the chance to actually win in order to strengthen one 's position as the opposition .
i feel like 10dpo is the hardest it 's like i know it 's not likely but it 's still possible and would be a good sign if it was positive at 10dpo .
sorry you did n't have better news you definitely deserve that beer .
yeah probably because there is n't any elite kickers or punters .
i just wanted to shout out oop brady and lott really.. and i was high so didnt read the post properly..
mercury black you drop ruby rose this instant ! ! !
we say it a lot in canada too so who knows .
would be nice to have an explanation why it happened .
mine are n't round they 're more oval or rectangular than anything .
as long as they 're small enough to fit inside the pole-mount i think 2.3in and still large enough to grab '' on to 1.1in it seems to work well enough .
make sure you secure big things in the back .
i guess if you do n't have much stuff as in maybe 4-6 boxes 15 '' x12 '' x10 '' then a car2go might work .
there 's only one mention of spear '' or spearing '' in the nfl rulebook and it 's only illegal if it 's considered unnecessary to make the tackle .
being a winner does n't really carry weight anymore and the format got old about 8 years ago .
i 'm going to see what i ca n't do about getting the crossed swords back .
i 've been really enjoying the banter between you ross during steam train or grumpcade .
will there be a part 2 for who 's your daddy ?
the force awakens.. second time it was the waterworks ... really knowing got to me ...
spits out a tooth yeah it feels great wan na do it harder ?
ooc he broken the only way to get anything is to venture into his mind
either way it 's solid and cost me 3 from a super awesome thriftstore .
and people from san bernadino who make 60000 a year
and people from incredibly rich safe countries that have never been invaded by the west like uae and saudi arabia
and people born and raised in rich families in europe
hmm its almost like islam is the common factor and not the middle east
i have an opposite play style with him but still a one trick pony type deal .
i wait until the round starts and then place it in the most ridiculous area like facing the main entrance from the nearest enemy spawn .
i usually mow down one or two guys then pack it up and head back to the objective or roam around .
this does n't work all the time but it catches a lot of folks off guard when they do n't expect you to be camping the front door with a mg .
do n't make characters use their nuke skills on normal enemies below 20 hp .
especially when miles let out a frieza level evil laughter when he was told the last episode falls on valentine 's day .
i tried three awhile back but could n't really get into them .
they look for you if you leave the room .
so was the road trip music video your first real cameo ?
i wish i could of met you two i live near the record place !
a couple of friends have proposed crystals steel and sand but i have yet to come to a solid conclusion
i 've found a pun for you just to lighten your day up .
i think the issue is the logical foundation of the magic system .
do n't get me wrong the combining of polarized element through arcade element is interesting though the logic of the result is weird .
it 's hard for someone to conclude that fire and water together produce lightning .
find the properties that make fire fire and other elements and you will find yourself in a better position .
if this was why you bought a kinect you spent way too much .
the xbox one has an ir blaster port on the back and you can get them for 6 on amazon .
hate on it all you want but real video was fucking amazing at the time .
congratulations you not only found a typo on the internet you were the second person who found it .
especially the 'squeaky ' little whimpers towards the end .
hover over it and you should see a textbox .
the fact that the club are clearly aware he is leaving yet and have done for a long time yet he 's play acting to the media as if this is a big shock ?
nicely done completely ignoring your wrong assumption about job roles though .
also what weapon and armor do you have equipped ?
so if 397 forwards to 100 you want it to go to x ?
i will fire up my lab when i get home and try
i thought this was a shay f. kennedy event .
indeed although from what i 've been hearing it 'll still be the 1 jp server but released to the west with an english interface which ...
i 've been told if you had an account going beforehand you can simply switch languages and keep everything .
if no words are said it would be a little hard for audiences to realise that 's dick grayson .
the first time i saw her i was so drawn to her and i do n't even know why it only took the ruveal picture to get me to love her i was mesmerized by how she looked .
i have no strong feelings one way or the other
my group has a playlist on spotify that everyone just adds songs onto .
we just play it during the sessions and everyone seems to enjoy it .
sometimes we use certain songs for certain situations like playing the rocky theme song when traversing rocky terrain .
bosco cosco '' replied their audience son of braavos but now employee and chief herald of the hand of the king petyr baelish ''
my lord has sent me with requests both for his station with the crown and for his own personal interests '' bosco said producing three sealed scrolls from his person two sealed with the seal of the hand of the king and one with the personal seal of petyr 's mockingbird .
despite his political dealings he is also a well reputed businessman in kings landing '' bosco said i am sure the bank is quite aware of the economic landscape in westeros '' he added lord baelish wishes to open a personal account and inquire to the status of westeros ' credit rating ''
lol.i just started my beard cause of the weather in the sunshine state .
is it two c and two s or two c and one s or one c and two s ?
there is so much faked content online that people apparently are not even trying that hard anymore .
although it is permitted if the mother is in acute danger .
the entire movie made great use of practical sets props and effects .
the improvement over the way the prequels was filmed was very noticeable i think even the actor 's performances improved a lot not having to act around a bunch of green walls and boxes .
it did n't have the feeling like the movie was a cartoon with live action actors thrown in .
i think that 's one of the bigger reasons for its success .
after 2 sunders you can basically start doing damage to it .
mark cuban completely hates not having privacy has no credit cards and created cyber dust app .
but he would sure as hell never support bit coins .
no one likes having 1mil one day and 500k the next day .
this comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user apos s privacy .
it was created to help protect users from doxing stalking and harassment .
if you would also like to protect yourself add the chrome extension tampermonkey https chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo or the firefox extension greasemonkey https addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey and add this open source script https greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite .
then simply click on your username on reddit go to the comments tab scroll down as far as possibe hint use res http www.redditenhancementsuite.com and hit the new overwrite button at the top .
also please consider using voat.co https voat.co as an alternative to reddit as voat does not censor political content .
thinking that you can change a bad boy or girl .
you ca n't and a lot of the time they end up ruining your life .
the point is n't that they are doing any if them .
it 's that they are trying to become better .
back to front front to back side to side and even upside down .
i think oil will trade in a range for the next 5 years .
i think the range will be 15-27 and look for companies that can operate on cheap oil prices and still make a profit because i do n't think oil will have an over night turn around like a lot of people think their will be
no that 's why they got invited in the first place .
try being everton no one in the world broadcasted our fa tie with d+r !
i could take people through that game all day .
they should have let the angel finish the job .
editor george i ca n't find any way to edit this without explaining how r2 gets up there ''
lucas fuck it have ilm make him fly then ... ''
your comment has been removed and a note has been added to your profile that you broke the following rule http www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/wiki/rules wiki_disallowed_comments of the sub
disallowed comments hate speech directed towards an entire group of people like an ethnicity religion or nationality .
if humans would have always been rich but without competition we 'd still live in caves swimming in gold .
candyop you got ta stop downvoting people for their opinions .
naruto_d_sanji is right in that pekmons would be an ally like duval where he 'd be loyal to the strawhats .
and he 's also right that not everyone that likes the strawhats is going to be a strawhat .
now i do agree that pekoms is for sure going to be an ally https www.reddit.com/r/onepiece/comments/412wrf/ms_theory_the_next_possible_straw_hat_member_is/cyz558n but dude you got ta stop hating on people that do n't agree .
yeah cause right now it is basically a game with 2 modes crucible or kings fall .
hillary is the most moderate candidates in this race on either side and believed she had the nomination in the bag .
the logical move is go right position yourself better to pick up independents in the general and coast past the primary
always have to make a new team because we 're missing someone and ca n't invite .
perhaps like a flashdrive you have a capacity to store songs that you like and the older you get the less room you have add .
also i find it interesting that they decided to build it out of glass .
makes total sense not like we do n't get 300 days of bright ass sunshine .
so they had to cover it with giant grey hefty bag looking things to reflect all the sunlight .
it would have to be a mega offer as i 'm pretty set on keeping the pick
the issue with having done keto multiple times is you compare them every time is different .
you just lost more water this time for whatever reason nothing to worry too much about
the helmets i 've infused up the most are my iron banner helmets because they 're well-rounded and have perks that benefit both pvp and pve .
facebook apple and google all got away with their monopolist power grabs because they do n't have any 's 's in their names for critics to snarkily replace with ' 's .
his wife was not played as some laudable character she was an asinine harpy .
i have no idea why people think that was some depiction of a shitty man and a great woman it was not .
i would make sure not to drink when i knew i had to drive somewhere usually to pick up my teenager who is n't driving yet herself .
i 've started to notice a bit of resentment when i was asked for a ride or a pickup on a night that i was planning on enjoying '' some wine .
so my daughter has become my main reason to get this under control and finally stop .
i want to be fully present for her but also for myself .
and even as i type this there is a little voice in my head whispering yeah stop for a while but you can drink again when she 's got her license .
intellectually i know i need to stop but in my bones i 'm still plotting the next drink .
i 'm hoping the support here will help me through .
you are not alone in this struggle and sharing your story has helped me articulate what i 'm going through too .
reinstall directx9c and make sure you got the right version for your system and/or no other version of directx interacts with the game or is running in the background .
a good idea but read '' would still be a necessary right ?
do n't drive on the lower deck of 35 .
if you 've used the store code the game should be listed in your steam games library .
you should be able to right-click the game in your library and select the pre-load option i think it was at the top of the menu .
this then walks you through the standard installation choose location shortcuts etc .
for every great play i make i 'll make a couple of boneheaded ones .
at some point i will see myself in a posted video and hang my head in shame .
'' 8 years in the protectorate and we know nothing about him ? ''
but i would have put them in the lille fight anyways .
also it just seems suspicious that tenjirou had activated his shikai but never showed it 's power yet .
tell your mother that instead of being productive you looked through 3onk 's comment history .
mitis is superb as always the others range from good to slightly painful to listen to .
i 've never used creed so i do n't know how close it is .
i see mixed impressions of how close insurrection ii pure is to it .
but most everyone seems to agree it 's a good fragrance in its own right .
and i think it 's great to talk about clones or more inexpensive fragrances for those of us not made of money .
100 of people who have seen/shared/participated in this so far has been overwhelmingly supportive .
she has to walk with a cain and she walks with a cain
also someone should tell her that scientific studies have proven that prayer has no effect whatsoever on bone-spurs and she should seek further medical assistance .
i 've been trying out other masteries and feel like fervor is better on him because of how his q works atm but i can only imagine how good ezreal would be in long term fights with dft .
its so funny to see hardcore mls fans flip their lids when they hear/read this kind of stuff they simply cant admit that mls will always and forever be a retirement league for stars past their prime .
as much as they dont want to admit mls owners will never turn down a player like torres or drogba no matter how much their fans kick and scream .
basically looks to me that he 's just cleaned up my edit since i made it pretty quick .
only reason i say this is because it has the same dimensions as my edit and it would n't make sense for him to do that if he was just going to have it pasted on top of the original background .
your point rings true but your list is a bit apples and oranges '' .
the copts are a religious minority christian egyptians while the bedouins and sudanese are ethnic/cultural minorities muslim arabs africans .
its definitely not the overall goal of being healthy .
i agree with that but it should be one of the puzzle pieces that leads to being healthy .
they should n't brush it under a rug immediately .
i only need one more flampy but i do n't think i 'll clear level 8 .
do n't get me wrong i understand why it 's a paid album .
money is key in business which is what his music is .
i do n't have an issue paging for an album i 've bought every other one of his and pretty much everything else reach records has put out from artists and compilations .
entitling it cc3 just does n't seem right when the basis of church clothes was that they were free mix tapes .
i 'm all for new crae music and for him to build his business to reach more people .
i just think he could 've been wiser with the title choice .
why do you claim that the detection of gravity waves would support gr as opposed to any of the others ?
but gr has other evidence to back it up .
any other competing theory would need to match the already supported predictions of gr .
one can think the captured federal tax code needs reform while at the same time understanding a local economic issue on its own merits .
it probably decreases the chances of everything slightly as you might expect from an expanding pool but that also includes non-godfest pulls .
if you 're asking how the word of god could write the word of god '' i think you may be conflating the big w '' version with the bible which is actually a misconception .
when word '' is used as a title it 's referring to a preexisting concept in greek philosophy which greek-speaking christians saw fulfilled in jesus not the bible .
christ is the logos the principle of order and knowledge begotten of god the father before creation but the bible is the word of god '' a collection of divinely inspired texts by human authors which did n't exist until someone put ink to parchment .
the distinction is often ignored by hardcore biblical literalists looking to use bible verses to prove that the bible ca n't have errors or be open to interpretation and of course it 's confusing if you mostly hear word '' and word '' spoken rather than written since you can only tell the difference if it 's directly explained or you already understand the context .
i got a garrison and a tarantella from engrams back-to-back .
true but other launch vehicles gslv for example https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geosynchronous_satellite_launch_vehicle use a solid first stage .
bpd npd hpd and apd are all cluster b disorders on a 'grade ' lower than schizoid and psychotic episodes .
i 'm fortunate enough that i pretty much always have three friends to play with .
the point is that if fatshark would implement support for dedicated servers cheaters would n't be able ruin the game for anyone playing on those .
download movie anchorman 2 the legend continues 2013 '' ac3 vumoo mac without signing dvdrip movie high quality online
with the 70s behind him san diego 's top rated newsman ron burgundy returns to take new york 's first 24-hour news channel by storm .
█ ► watch anchorman 2 the legend continues 2013 https shters.ru/609j ? source=reddit keyword=anchorman 202 20the 20legend 20continues 202013
█ ► download anchorman 2 the legend continues 2013 https shters.ru/609j ? source=reddit keyword=anchorman 202 20the 20legend 20continues 202013
█ ► online anchorman 2 the legend continues 2013 https shters.ru/609j ? source=reddit keyword=anchorman 202 20the 20legend 20continues 202013
█ ► watch anchorman 2 the legend continues 2013 https shters.ru/609j ? source=reddit keyword=anchorman 202 20the 20legend 20continues 202013
█ ► download anchorman 2 the legend continues 2013 https shters.ru/609j ? source=reddit keyword=anchorman 202 20the 20legend 20continues 202013
█ ► online anchorman 2 the legend continues 2013 https shters.ru/609j ? source=reddit keyword=anchorman 202 20the 20legend 20continues 202013
there is nothing you can really do apart from disabling all of the speedhacks and choosing software renderer .
unfortunately pcsx2 is n't an accurate emulator and bugs like these are quite common in not so popular games .
i try to make guy friends they almost always end up wanting more but i 'd rather have a great friendship with them than a drama filled relationship that will most likely end in us not speaking anymore .
i have a mirror in front of me and wanted to see my set on heavier working sets i always turn around problem is that looking that way is n't very nice because i 'm basically looking at a wall with a couple holes through it on the other side of the rack there 's a bunch of shelves for crossfit and other wellness '' gear .
but yeah i always do my heavier sets that way .
i just hope i wo n't stall at 60kg and my form goes to shit again p
feel free to come onto our lands to survey .
just please advise us before you enter just so we can take safety precautions for you and your tribe mates .
i do not want our experiments to.. leak out or cause you harm .
i average about 1600 cals a day but today after having a big meal for lunch 750 cals i just have had no appetite .
just sat down and tried to have some dinner and i could n't force myself to eat it .
maybe at the point where we find our heroine curled on her bed sobbing her eyes out because she does n't understand the society she lives in .
maybe it 's at the point where we see our heroine walking out the door rudely at a friend-of-a-friend 's house in the middle of the night bound and determined to get out of that acutely uncomfortable situation ready to walk the two hours home .
i feel so alone in the world like there is n't even someone that thinks the same thoughts as me .
the world is bursting at the seams with people .
i 'm tired of feeling like i 'm a crazy lunatic that is slowly coming undone and my social disguise is slipping my ability to blend in is getting less effective .
i miss the days when boys went west to become men and women found their strength walking in the woods .
are we all related are we incestuous retarded offspring of some real '' version of us ?
are we truly only meant to dream up distractions with colorful ideas like jobs .
to afford those cool toys and nice houses and cars duh .
why are you simply filling time keeping yourself entertained until you die ?
who came up with all of these words all of these meanings so empty .
i 'm so sick of my fellow man '' if i could spark an event to wipe the earth i would .
if death were as optional and as painless as thinking of floating away and then doing so i would .
i have more to say but my boyfriend is coming home soon and as he is unequivocally one of you he does n't understand why i ca n't just be happy like everyone else .
i live in amarillo rn and know zero dealers .
chapter 228 – forming a party with the boss http gravitytales.com/the-kings-avatar/tka-chapter-228
in the online game glory ye xiu is regarded as a textbook level top-tier pro player .
however due to all kinds of reasons he is expelled from a pro-club .
afterwards he picks up a job at an internet cafe and becomes a small cafe manager .
possessing ten years of online gaming experience glory he once again throws himself into the game through glory 's tenth server .
bringing with him past experiences and an imperfect self-made weapon his journey to the summit begins again .
after fighting and scheming who snatched away my glory ?
under the tossing of the wind and rain my hopes will still appear as if it had never been shattered .
in all the splendor the path will never be lost .
in front of the gazes of millions this is where i return !
to make a long story short last year i domed at a school about 4 hours from my house college c i wanted to transfer to a certain school last year lets call it college a but i did n't get in .
due to me not getting in i went to a community college lets call this college b this past semester fall 2015 .
i applied again for the college a to go there for the spring 2016 semester but i got denied for it today .
classes for college a would have started january 29th so i thought i had time .
due to me getting denied today i had to quickly register for classes at college b for the spring 2016 semester .
i then saw that classes for college b start on tuesday so i have to register for classes and also pay the bill by tuesday .
my dad currently pays for my school so i had to text him and tell him that my college bill was due tuesday and i needed 2500 .
i thought all was good but he texted me this i got this semester ... your gon na have to apply for student loan moving forward starting with fall semester . ''
i 'm currently unemployed and have been applying to jobs here and there for about 4 months .
every time i see or hear of something popping up near me i apply .
i 've had a few interviews but none turned into jobs .
i 'm also currently just over 6k in debt from college c where i dormed last year .
now with this news i have an income of 0 with about 500 in my bank account and after this semester i 'm going to need to pay for a school that is about 3,500 a semester .
im just super stressed out at the moment so much has been piled on so fast my head is spinning .
i 'm really just looking for any advice on how to limit my student loans as much as possible so i do n't graduate with too much debt because i 've heard sooo many horror stories of people who are crippled by debt from their student loans .
tl dr my dad said that he wo n't be paying for me to go to school anymore and i 'll have to take out some student loans need advice on what to do how to plan for it .
the ak 's really clean and the ibp katowice 2014 sticker is on the wood best spot
i had some beers 4 over 2 hours not that many for me .
woke up a little bit latter throwing up cleaner .
no memory of drinking it or wanting to attempt .
really had to look around the house to figure out what it was i was ingested .
i ate some pretty basic and bland food today .
i can still taste the cleaner despite brushing my teeth a few times .
emotionally i am a wreck today because of it .
already struggling with si with intent and to think i could off myself in my sleep disturbs me a great deal .
ok so i 'm going to university and i met this girl last year and i got her number and we texted and hung out a fair amount .
later on in the year i told her i have feelings for her and she said she was n't at that point in her life right now .
anyway fast forward a year later and we still keep in touch and are still friends .
so i 'm gon na ask about a specific situation because i 'm getting mixed signals here .
keep in mind when we have n't talked in a while she 'll text me saying she misses me and that we need to hangout soon .
i see her the next night at a party and she acts as if nothing happened but we had a good time regardless .
the next day she texts me a picture of us and says how she had a good time last night we did n't hook up or anything .
so i 'm just wondering do you think it 's still worth my time to have feelings for this girl ?
some days she 'll text me and seem really into it and other days she just wo n't respond .
this is a mass-response to all open tickets that may have had their reported issues resolved with recent updates .
let me first apologize for the extended wait time for a response to your oculus support ticket .
we had a few issues that affected a number of people and resulted in a significant bump in support contacts in the first few days of launch .
the oculus support team has been working around the clock to respond to these tickets in the order they 've come in .
our engineering teams have been working diligently on solutions to all of the reported problems and i 'd like to provide you with an update .
as we get closer to shipping launch we will update orders with more granular shipping estimates .
we do not display estimated shipping month on the order history page https shop.oculus.com/history as we did not apply that date to your specific order .
the displayed month was an estimate at the time your order completed .
the month displayed at the order success page when you preordered should be accurate but our agents do not have access to what was displayed to you .
they will be unable to assist if this information is requested .
thank you for your patience while we work to assign a more granular estimated shipping date to your specific order .
we 're happy to announce that as of today we 've launched the self-service confirmation email request tool for our customers .
you can now navigate to the order verification page https shop.oculus.com/en-us/order-verification and request a resend of your confirmation email by entering in the email address used on your order .
once you receive your confirmation email you 'll notice that the order number is also included .
if you used the guest flow to preorder your oculus rift you can enter your order number and email on the order history page https shop.oculus.com/history to receive an email that will allow you access to view the status of your order and edit shipping/billing information .
if you used your oculus id or the logged-in flow you can simply use your oculus id credentials on the order history page to view the status of your order and edit the information .
if you used an incorrect email address or made a mistake while entering it please just respond to this email and we 'll see what can be done .
if you preordered an oculus rift you were automatically opted-in for your reservation for oculus touch preordering .
we understand that some people received errors when checking out in the early hours of the preorder launch .
as of today we released an update that allows you visibility into your status for your oculus touch preorder reservation checkbox as well as the awesome offers that our hardware partners are offering to oculus rift preorders .
all you need to do is access your order history https shop.oculus.com/history and scroll down to the bottom of the page to select the options that are of interest to you .
in the early hours of preorder launch our system was unable to calculate taxes properly and therefore was unable to display a total price .
this issue has been resolved and you should be able to see your total price without issue via your order history page https shop.oculus.com/history .
we 're going to set the tickets that are receiving this message to solved but please if you are still having issues or this mass-response did not answer all of the questions that you may have feel free to respond directly to this message and it will automatically open the ticket and assign it back to our agents .
you will also retain your oculus support ticket 's original place in the queue .
thank for hanging in there with us while we worked to resolve the outstanding issues and again we sincerely apologize for the delay in responding to you regarding these specific problems .
at that point they did n't know theresa 's fate .
edit also should n't the aunt be saying i did n't find teresa .
what with all the what do i do now ? ''
apologies in advance this is going to be a long rant i just need to get my emotions out and hopefully get some clarity from you lovely people .
my ex and i had a pretty turbulent relationship from the get go .
we met on an online dating site this past summer and i instantly fell so hard .
i 've never experienced such intense emotions for someone else before .
the good bits did n't last long because shortly i found out some rumours in regards to him seeing other girls which caused us to end it .
we went nc for over two months during which i felt absolutely horrible .
he asked to meet and to apologize for the way things went down .
i was hesitant about this but thought if he was truly sorry and really missed me we should take things slow .
i mean after all if he did n't miss me why would he be back all of the sudden ?
why now when i was just starting to get over him ? ?
we have been texting a lot recently and i 've been warming up to the idea of having him in my life again but tonight saw that he is still cruising around on dating websites .
how can somebody who cares about me and wants to work things out also be keeping his options open and talking to other people ?
i feel that my friends are right and letting him back in is a big mistake..
but the chemistry we had makes me feel like i will never find that with anyone else .
i 'm feeling so lost not sure how to proceed .
should i attempt to be friends with him just to keep him in my life and hope that one day he will realize that i am the only person he wants ?
ex has been texting me and stringing me along .
just found out that he is simultaneously on dating websites .
i personally think masked will be he just got unbanned and clerkie even said congrats to him xd
i 'm assuming 1k is the profit after paying management companies and insurance .
i rent out a home of that value and pull in about 1200 a month .
after 28 years the 45 billion would be made back assuming a 39.6 tax rate .
i have my lm317 voltage regulator which is reciving 6v from a 4 aa battery pack but i need it to output around 3.0v out .
so i put a 5 ohm resistor across the middle pin and the output pin will i need to put a variable resistor with the 5 ohm if so how ?
i can not just put a variable resistor since if it reaches 0 ohms bye bye laser diode .
i just had 2 fizz mains fight over who should pick him
my goal of this post is to maybe catch the eye of someone smarter then me who has a few minutes and either knows the answer or can point me in the right direction .
another option is if someone knows an alternative to this tool .
when launching onenotejournal it immediately crashes and closes with no popup or indication as to why .
for years i have been using a tool called onenotejournal made by a guy matthew k in 2011 .
this was a single click .net application that is still hosted at
what this application did was create a system shortcut of win+j that would open onenote to a page with today 's date in a section titled by the month that is bundled by the year .
the application would auto create any necessary tab page bundle when you hit win+j to get you to a page with today 's date .
first of the year bundle last years create new month create day page open to day page .
first of the month create new month create day page open to day page .
day in month create day page open day page .
this tool worked great until somewhere in windows 10 land .
i believe a coworker had it working before the 1511 november update but i jumped from 8.1 to windows 10 november .
i have used it on office 2010 2013 and 2016 without any issues as well so i know its not an issue with the version of office .
whats odd is the app its self things all things are dandy .
it spits out a log in appdata/local/microsoft/winodws/inetcache/ie stringofletters .log that states
i also ran procmon and reviewed the process starting and crashing .
i admit that at this point i 'm starting to get over my head .
i do see some lines that say denied or bufferoverflow but its does n't crash right after any of those .
in fact there are hundres of success messages before werfault launches .
i have opened the wer report file and at least to me its not being very help full .
event viewer at least has some error output but not helpful to me
description the process was terminated due to an unhandled exception .
if anyone can help or has any ideas i would be eternally grateful .
everyone at my office uses this and win+j is now just muscle memory to all of us .
the closest replacement i have been able to find is onenote gem favorites which will create the page if you click a button but no quick access to that page via a shortcut .
been talk in global and around about the devs wiping the servers in march .
i now have at least 36000000 experience points in the firemaking skill .
seeing as how it 's his signature move it 'd be interesting to see if it is somehow implemented into the storyline or perhaps even the final stage of the raid series .
selling this amazing looking karambit crimson web w 0.155 float !
so lately a lot of my league games have been ending midgame from instability issues .
just now i was in a game that 55 minutes long and then it ended from this issue .
it is making me kind of not wanting to play ranked right now .
when you are an engineer everything happening seem to be logical .
it 's easier to deal with things one step at a time following plans and procedures without much emotions getting in the way .
just over an year ago my 50 yo wife had a stroke and left her left side weak .
a few months later she had to have a hysterectomy because her doctor thought the bleeding from her fibroid was too much for her to deal with .
we then went on 6 rounds of chemo taxol carboplatin 3 weeks at a time .
things were finally looking better ct scan show some minor tissues left so we went on a lighter dosage of maintenance chemo 4 weeks apart .
after 3 rounds her ag 125 is climbing back up .
we just did another ct scan and found the soft tissues growing again .
we have decided to switch off chemo and try letrozole instead ...
during our last visit with the doctor while we were discussing the different treatments possible the doctor brought up the idea that we should keep in mind that at some point quality-of-life is also important not doing any treatment is also an option .
to me everything seems to suggest the inevitable negative outcome .
partly due to the stroke my wife still ca n't process all these information as well .
i have hinted her to get more serious about her todo list .
i do n't really want to be blunt and destroy her hope .
i am feeling a little numb taking everything a day at a time .
or should we just accept the inevitable and deal with it head on ?
got other things going on in life and 2016 is looking a bit gloomy .
so i 've been playing loads of single player recently just to get myself familiar with how the game works before i get into the multiplayer complicated part .
a few days ago i had trouble with the zombies much less other players .
but as i 'm getting better in single player i 've noticed that unturned as good as it is has a bit of a lack in content you can find plenty of guns food and build a decent base in a couple of hours .
i know that multiplayer is probably not like this since other players are a nuisance but if you ever get to the point where you have a good base a large arsenal and more food than you 'll ever need ... what do you do ?
they 'll think that is just a red herring and ignore it .
just curious on thoughts about transferring as an easytech tech to a cpc associate .
looking to get away from all shit rolling down on us .
if fixing and selling computers is n't enough its also back up cashier furniture department carry outs endless amounts of ink and lock boxes kiosk orders plus the rewards more accounts and digital receipts .
now i know cpc still puts up with a lot of crap and does a lot of cashering as well at least here but they never have to leave their department they have no aisles to maintain nothing to restock no pretending we do n't have the laptop because you 're not buying services crap .
so to me it seems like less work for the same pay .
plus i already know tech and graphic design so i just need trained on the specific equipment .
now that you 've read all that hopefully you did anyone ever done this ?
i get it on eugene i 'm not sure if it 's in portland .
it 's really weird watching him definitely enjoying it though !
in this patch http euw.leagueoflegends.com/en/news/game-updates/patch/patch-56-notes patch-items the cost of chalice of harmony got reduced to 900 .
i found this rather usefull because it allowed you to go back 100g earlier to get your defensive manaregen item .
now i 've looked through every other patch and never noticed that the pricing got reverted .
these are the patches in which chalice gets mentioned 5.22 ap itemization changes http euw.leagueoflegends.com/en/news/game-updates/patch/patch-513-notes patch-athenes-unholy-grail and 5.22 preseason patch http euw.leagueoflegends.com/en/news/game-updates/patch/patch-522-notes patch-athenes-unholy-grail
you might notice that in patch 5.13 chalice still costs 900 with the new path fiendish 820 chalice 900 amp tome 435 545 2700 which was the price of athene 's at that point .
in patch 5.22 several things got changed and the change was probably deemed so minor that it was n't even mentioned but suddenly chalice costs 1000 again with the cost increase of the athene 's chalice 1000 fiendish 800 amp tome 435 565 gold
for all the people saying rito does n't revert changes they do but when they do they do n't tell us
yes all that searching and math just for this conclusion i 'll be going then ...
not interested in ch knives sticker themed guns etc .
i need some help on getting a new motherboard for my computer .
my computer has been down for almost 3 weeks now and i 've been without work since christmas because of weather .
my wife makes enough to pay the bills and put food on the table but we really do n't have the extra money to get a new motherboard .
i 've setup a gofundme account to accept donations .
i have all of our pictures and i also write computer programs on it as well as playing games on it from time to time .
been training with these title gloves for over a year .
weighed them the other day and these things were god damn 22oz .
last time i 'll be ordering anything from title probably .
so a little background story i 'm a junior in high school and i live in rochester ny where most people are bills fans .
and so a friend of mines father passed away back in october and yesterday he and his mom went through all the boxes from his dad 's house and in there he found out that his grandfather mortimer liebel spent a training camp with the packers in the 60 's during the lombardi years .
there was a letter from lombardi and a stock of the team that he bought in the 90 's .
but anyway my friend told me that his grandfather was beat out of a roster spot by dave robinson .
i just found all of that cool considering we 've been friends for 5 years and it never came up .
spider crawled into a corner while i was pooping and pulled a houdini and disappeared .
my husband works as a server in a family-style restaurant in texas .
when i asked him how his day was at work he told me he was upset because almost 50 was stolen from his server book .
according to him he had turned his back to do something and his book was gone .
he has reported it to his bosses who told him they 'd check the cameras although they did n't specify when .
my concern is that the boss in question does n't like him very much and may not be of much help .
what i do know is that he can be fired for mishandling his money by leaving it unattended .
my question is can they make him pay for that money even if it was stolen ?
are they obligated to check the cameras to find out who it was ?
have you read the sidebar and rules http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/rules ?
he does play some games mostly league and a few games off steam such as l4d2 and such
if gaming what kind of performance are you looking for ?
lookin at 1080p and solid 45-60fps at anywhere from medium to high settings .
i am hoping to purchase used parts as i can looking to spend 400-500 tops less is better though .
post a draft of your potential build here specific parts please .
http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/pcpp do n't ask to be spoonfed a build read the rules !
for now i might pick up the 16gb 2x8 hyperx ram off of the tigerdirect deal right now
aside from that it seems like the asrock b85 mobo could fit into my price range nicely as well .
what i am really unsure about right now is what cpu/gpu combo i can put together as in best bang for my buck .
i do n't like the ultra vortex lights but really want the socks because they project leds really well and want you use my flow lights in umoja heads for them !
if not i plan to make a custom housing for my lights to protect them and make them fit !
edit they wo n't i found the dimensions looks like im buying pod shells
ca n't find this tab anywhere online someone has to have it .
i need this tab my vanity is so cold .
how does the company exists and is able to construct the project and bear the branding and such if it was elon musk who came up with the idea and name ?
308 warlock with experience up to oryx with tom .
my server is in version 15w51b my friend is on a laptop and i do n't know exactly the problem but when he joins his game crashes .
but this does n't happen in older versions like 1.8 .
so basically what i 'd like to know is are there digimon that give a specific star color when converted to stars ? ?
that way we would n't have to convert stars to other colors hence wasting half the stars ... it 'd really make getting megas much faster p
i created my youtube channel back in 2011 named steaithiess .
note that i replaced every l '' with a capital i .
ever since youtube allowed people to change their channel names via google back in 2014 ?
i properly renamed my channel stealthless both lowercase l this time .
i put a significant amount of time and effort into my content and have 545 uploads on the channel .
i 'm not pleased with where i currently am right now as i have 15,000 subscribers .
i have the feeling that the username steaithiess '' limits my channel 's exposure because normally people would type in stealthless both ls and not capital i ''
so my question is did my initially selected username screwed me over for the first few years ?
edit if you do n't know what i 'm talking about here 's my socialblade link look at the username http socialblade.com/youtube/user/steaithiess
the full video from the first clip where she says daddy
or had the ship already sailed on that no way to forgive luke no matter what ?
never posted only been on if maybe 5 or 6 times but ive went through a lot of the boards to see what it was so hyped up for ... ca n't say the people were wrong as i saw some pretty questionable things there on specific boards i 'm no pedo but im not a pedo hater either so im not gon na condemn it ... soooo am i fucked ?
edit i use a vpn usually before going on it for some safety if that is any lol
i 've been thinking lately about leaving the glorious murderous empire in favor of joining the terrorist militia brave rebellion .
i came to this conclusion after witnessing the justified execution mindless slaughter of some filthy peasants honorable townsfolk on a recent mission .
i think i 'd like to fly a pile of scavenged scrap well built x-wing or perhaps fire a glorified slingshot exotic bowcaster at loyal heroes palpatine 's henchmen .
if anyone else is interested in extensive questioning and lifelong imprisonment a life of adventure please send your contact information to loyaltytaskforce deathstar.net .
do n't worry about that email address its just a decoy to throw the empire off our tail .
i ca n't kill your family find you to hang out with you unless you leave your full name address and ensign identification number in the email though so please be sure to be as self implicating thorough as possible .
so i just adopted my lil guy today tony is a beautiful blue male rose petal .
i have a 1.3 gallon bowl for him obviously i need to get him a new one when i get the money to do so .
anyway i asked the woman at the store if i needed a heater and she told me i do n't need a heater for him '' which i 'm now learning is very wrong .
so until then i 've been keeping my heating pad turned on next to his bowl and i put his bowl close to the heating duct in my house .
also i bought these plants that are more spiny '' so i took them out and replaced them with a small mug so he has a hiding spot .
i 'm just kind of freaking out here i want him to have the best home possible .
so i got a used stereo that was cheap worth it if it work but not a big loss either if it doesnt it is a sony cdx-gt20w .
my car has an after market radio and so the connetor fits and and i check the wiring to make sure the sure go where they need to .
i turn on the car it turns on but no radio it has letter on the screen that just cycle on the screen like fm aux sand what ever .
i then get the idea to put a cd in .
i do and it plays it just fine on all speakers .
i then try the old stereo and it work fine with radio .
one thing i did notice is that when i but a cd in the automatic antenna it goes up
i decided to walk to a restaurant in denver wearing a steelers sweatshirt tonight .
less than a minute into my walk someone yelled out of their car hey faggot fuck you ! ''
i do n't really know what i expected but this kinda surprised me for some reason .
i 've never really gotten to the point where i can solo rifts past 30 by myself i just ca n't seem to figure out good combo for gear and build to really help me i have firebirds and can do at most 33 mill frits but thats it could really use some pointers or maybe some friends to play with to help learn me some knowledge to help get me better
so when we first upgraded if you 'd run speed test on a laptop wireless you 'd get about 7mbps .
we could steam netflix but if one person was streaming you 'd have to use 4g or no internet at all because nothing would load .
when the laptop is directly plugged into the modem i 'd get about 15mbps .
not nearly what was promised seeing as the up to 150mps '' has a minimum words of comcast rep of 120mbps wired 80mbps wireless .
so we took the modem into comcast to get it swapped out for a new one at they said that might be the issue .
get home plug in the new modem switch out to the new cable going to the wall and switch out the cat cable to our wifi router .
and once again if one person streams or downloads peak download speed on steam was 1.2mbps then the internet for everyone else gets cut essentually .
so today i pick up a new belkin dual band router n450 i believe .
plug it in direct connect still around 100mbps wireless ... .15mbps .
once again 2.8mbps speed peak on steam downloads and when downloading at that speed on steam speedtest gives me a 1.2mbps download speed and that if i can even get the site to load .
so we upgraded so we could have more than one person use netflix at once and gaming be possible however i ca n't play a slight game of battlefield 4 without mass lag due to slow speeds .
so ... seeing as were paying like twice as much now for this internet ... that is only better when directly plugged in defeating the purpose of streaming netflix in a family of 4 when our devices ca n't do it ... and already dropped money on a new router that does n't seem to make a differnece anyway..
sorry if this all seems like a jumbled mess just pretty agitated at all this and not sure what to do anymore .
i 'm very interested in buying a duck viper preferably silver but any color will do and a tmk alps pcb plate to go with it .
i 'm willing to pay very reasonable prices for both of these boards .
fuck this did n't work i thought it 'd be longer do n't fucking read shit ashore i 'm not editors a third to
i typed this that so you do n't read it
does anybody get high as fuck and idk even know how i got to this can ale but i watching family home movies like i 'm watching this old guy go to vegas and i found him because he made a home
video of how to fry an egg and he gets completely smashed drunk and this old english guy is just fucking up how to cook an egg he 's fucking around like breaking it with hammer and shit and he drinks allot in less the three minutes and ca n't talk worbtv shit in the end and now i got lost watching him make home movies and having fun and i do this shit all the time with bars and dope wtf am i doing her e i fuck it nvm this is stupid i 'm going to hit submit because i typed it and do n't want to go to waste i want to remebe this tomorowa d see if it 's sill funny .
so i am nearly completely locked out of my trezor because it tells me i used the incorrect pin .
i tired it multiple times and i am sure i know my pin .
so i go to another computer use another cable and sure enough i enter the same pin and i get in .
i tried multiple times on windows 10 to login to the my trezor web wallet and it did n't work .
this experience gave me a real shock and i am not impressed at all really .
there was a subtle difference and i was sometimes entering my pin correctly and sometimes i was n't ...
after the war sengoku resigned because he thought that the wg 's way of covering up the truth was wrong .
do you think that in the future there will be a coup d'etat in the marines ?
the reason for a coup d'etat is the marines are under direct control of the wg since the wg is so corrupted there will be marines who want to fight for real justice .
also do you think the revolutionary army will be a part of this coup d'etat ?
the revolutionaries are against the wg so if there are a group of marines who are also against the wg wouldnt they team up ?
it is stated that the revolutionary army has already taken some kingdoms already so maybe the marines stationed there have made a deal with the revolutionary army ?
i know i 'm stupid for taking loans out but did n't we all fall into the same trap ?
i also have a great lakes account i have to pay .
sensors and processing|kelvin hughes type 1008 i-band radar bae type 3000 sonar suite towed array sonar hull-mounted passive search sonar passive intercet and range sonar pilkington optronics periscopes attack and search
decoys and electronic warfare|bae submarine decoys electronic warfare support measures passive intercept system
armament|8 ssbn-x missile tubes for 8 trident d5 ballistic nuclear missiles and 4 torpedo tubes for spearfish torpedoes
production will begin at bae 's submarine construction facility now that production of the seven astute class submarines has been completed at barrow-in-furness cumbria .
the ships will be named after the four capitals of great britain and northern ireland in alphabetical order
as has been concluded several times 1 https www.reddit.com/r/globalpowers/comments/3ymngn/event_design_approved_for_new_submarines_to_carry 2 https www.reddit.com/r/globalpowers/comments/3xg7h6/event_design_phase_of_successor_submarines_begins maintaining britain 's nuclear deterrant while reducing our overall stockpile in line with treaty obligations is the best way to ensure the safest possible present and future .
britain uses this opportunity to say we are reducing our stockpile of nuclear weapons in this venture and we implore our nuclear-weapon-furnished peers to follow our lead and gradually reduce humanity 's capability of destroying itself utterly .
we accept it seems somewhat disingenuous or paradoxical even to say such things at the point of building these machines but despite the horrors and cataclysmic dangers of these devices we believe they have helped to ensure that global conflict remains out of the picture .
the capital class ssbns will be enshrined in law to prevent their being decommissioned before their expected 25 year service life comes to an end .
as far as the belt is concerned thanks to holden 's initial transmission mars is responsible for the cantebury 's destruction .
why does fred johnson want statements from holden/naomi/etc saying that mars was n't responsible ?
i have a 1.7kd 1750 elo my buddy is a little lower .
i know that gaurda egi can contagion buffed dots like dwt+rs and that is a massive dps increase .
so my question is what instance is ifrit egi a dps gain ?
photographs were taken with my flatmates razer mamba as my mouse had n't arrived yet .
also the first photo was meant to be last .
pcpartpicker part list http uk.pcpartpicker.com/p/mkjs99 price breakdown by merchant http uk.pcpartpicker.com/p/mkjs99/by_merchant
i 've been sitting through a website for almost six months now .
today i had a family drop off their dog before traveling overseas for two weeks .
i have done two in-home visits with this dog before due to the fact he has n't been around cats and i own two of them .
everything went fine in the visits he paid no mind to the cats and they do their little hiss and retreat until they can scope out the situation so they feel comfortable .
well now that he 's here without his family it 's another story .
if he so much as hears the cats he starts barking .
we 're in a studio apartment so there 's not much extra noise and the cats are stuck on their loft we call it kitty paradise but even if he hears them he goes nuts .
it 's 3am and i 've had no sleep does anyone have any advice to help ease this tension he feels ?
so i am in this other power 's system and i took at look at power contacts cus i am bored and found some stuff i am asked to deliver to any system in hudson 's control .
how much would i be paid for doing it ?
i have been thinking about moving to ireland for quite some time i 'm just curious about pursuing my career choice .
i have done a little bit of searching but just find websites with unload able links .
i heard players can glitch certain objects to travel through your faction .
if i want to go through my factions chunks which item should i use doors or trapdoors or what setup prevents players from glitching through .
i do n't want to have to break walls and replace them just to move through my base .
i remember people used to argue about it a lot before and after elections .
i looked it up in padguide but i 'm not seeing it .
i hit for a 9 combo x81 multiplier using my a. sakuya team he dropped down to a sliver and turned around and hit with his 32k attack for being below 30 .
making sure i was n't just unlucky before i stone and try again .
send me a message on xbox w light level and class gt ik r y 0
while yes the division is a rpg a lot of people dislike that it takes so many bullets to take down an enemy of the same level ?
in my opinion marksman rifles and shotguns are fine although assault rifles smgs and pistols need a dps boost .
nobody is going to use an assault rifle when it takes 2-3 clips to kill a normal enemy while shotguns and marksman rifles can do the same in 2-3 shots .
other than that i have no complaints on actual health of the enemies
remember seeing this around here somewhere but do no remember exactly where .
pls make sure to kick your 5th russian most likely boosted skrub who sucks dick cant hold an angle and baits you in every possible situation .
dont forget to comment under his profile that you fked his mom .
coming north for a few days and wan na see a big croc .
will be staying on the gold coast but ill be able to venture to some other places .
is australia zoo the only place with these guys ?
and also what are some other must see/do things around the brisbane/gold coast area ?
hi everyone i 'm just writing this wondering if maybe anyone else has dealt with this .
i 've been in a relationship with my bf for almost 2 years .
we 've never really had any big arguments and when we do have problems we talk about them and find our solutions .
i enjoy spending time with him and he 's the type of guy i feel proud brining over to family events .
but we are not an overly lovey dovey couple .
he has never written me letters nor expresses feelings towards how he feels about me .
as in he has never told me he loves me .
never said anything along the lines of i 'm so happy when i 'm around you '' .
some may find this corny but i at least wanted to hear this a once .
i guess for me i enjoy words of affirmation .
he is affectionate he 'll cuddle with me and we give 3 kisses before i have to leave corny i know haha .
he never minds picking me up and dropping me off everyday we live 30 min from each other and he is always trying to make me laugh .
but my problem is sometimes i get this feeling i should end our relationship .
i just sort of feel empty when i think of our relationship .
but this feeling does n't last long max 2 days .
and the other days i love him to the moon and back .
it 's not something that has recently started happening it 's been this way since we started dating .
he does n't know this as when i am feeling empty/indifferent i try to be normal .
does everyone get ups and downs in their feelings towards their so ?
i am currently working my way through silverglen and hiberheim and one thing i havent really being paying attention my gear .
what sort of gear should i be wearing around level 11 or 12 ?
i dont really know whats a good level of armour and buff i should have and how much damage my weapons should be putting out .
i know this is a very open question but i just wondered what everyone else is doing around that level .
it would be good to/know if i have missed any good items .
a lot of people have been referring to bernie sanders supporters as 'berniebros ' and i think we need to come up with a new term that is more inclusive and reflective of our demographic .
my specific problem with it is the 'bros ' part .
first it is kind of insulting as it gives to the illusion that we are just dumb college kids rather than intelligent informed voters .
secondly it implies that most bernie supporters are men a terrible implication as it may encourage female voters to support hillary despite bernie 's amazing track record in supporting pay equity and female reproductive rights .
after all bernie has a 20 lead among women ages 18-34 over hillary http www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/elections/2016/01/14/bernie-sanders-hillary-clinton-women-millennials/78810110 .
so not only may it disparage undecided female voters but it also misrepresents the demographics of bernie supporters .
i know this all seems trivial as it is just a name that a few people are referring to us as but if it snowballs it could become a significant obstacle in convincing people of the legitimacy of the sanders campaign and in getting the female vote .
we may not use the term but a lot of outsiders use it as there really does n't seem to be another expression .
as far as replacing the term there are many options .
whatever we may choose we 'll have to use it often to reinforce it to the general public so they use it instead of 'berniebros ' .
if you have any thoughts about this topic or any suggests for a new name leave a comment .
looking for a nice drink like you drink when you sit on your rocking chair in your backporch watching your land like in the movies
i 'm already training skills for combat and whatnot and not flying anything in particular i 'm just under 3 months in my time earning some isk mining and paying off my debt to my coalition .
my main concern is running my stuff out to wherever i end up i have a reasonable amount of stuff i 'd like to take out there i 'm poor haha but i 'm concerned about getting instantly killed in my freighter and losing it all .
i 'm still of course completely lost in what i 'm doing and take pointers i can but i need them in layman 's terms because too many acronyms kills me .
all people who say 'whilst ' in lieu of 'while ' must be rendered mute .
all those who use shampoo/conditioner '' must be rendered bald .
how hard is it to apply shampoo and conditioner separately ?
if you do n't care about your hair you do n't deserve to have it .
there are no shortcuts in the realm of hair care .
it should be illegal to not have a cuckoo clock .
label anyone who does n't regularly take bubble baths regularly as a terrorist and a threat to national security .
i 'm sorry this is just too fucked up for me to even comment on .
for pete 's sake emblazon the the great wall of china with some piggy bank wallpaper already .
make it illegal to remake songs that are aesthetically pleasing with the exception of dubstep remixes .
also make it illegal for groups like ccr to make all their songs sound exactly the same .
the penalty should rightly be forbidding them to play the same note/chord more than once per song .
since it 's 6:00 am and not pm here .
i have been looking at this game for a while i like the look of it but cant really find anyone who has played it .
she was at her prime in those years and i want a piece of that .
you can msg me and start it right off no build up or you can begin however which way .
just so long as your lindsay i can be whomever you wish just not another celeb at least not for this prompt .
i 'll get back to everyone that messages eventually .
i 'm looking forward to that perfect mid 2000s lindsay lohan body !
if you want me to hatch your egg just leave a comment below and i 'll be happy to help .
i have a mavic a319 rim that is getting pretty concave .
as far as i can tell there are no wear indicators .
are there any rules of thumb that tell you when it 's time to switch it out for a new one ?
update 01/15/2015 so once again we come back to this .
sadly the community has been kinda slow lately with the release of catalyst coming later this year but i figure that seeing as i found at least a couple more maps it 'd be worthwhile to put them up and let people go at it .
also a bonus is i 'm including some links below for people to learn how to make your own maps d
here i 'm posting links to several maps made by the community a few years back .
some come directly from the sources others i 've had to reupload because their original site no longer exists .
these custom maps have been amazing to play through and others should enjoy them too .
i 'll be updating the post as i find more and more of them .
if i have time i also may upload them all as zips rather than a mixture of rars and zips .
anyway here 's the current list of probably the best ones i 've found so far
white city https db.tt/0sx6cmii fyi this map is huge .
enjoy the movement 2.0 https mega.nz ! xzy1wbgd ! rdufchmrt72jte6xnof4e3ws2fc_aijzigpwphl2cae updated this one
speedx https dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/64316150/speedx.exe this map is a bit odd .
it 's not really a story map but neat .
troubles in the skyscraper https mega.nz ! jnzertyy ! ipi6tlewc17stnevkrcfc7uy4fvv0udnyqc4gylygea moddb http www.moddb.com/games/mirrors-edge/addons/troubles-in-the-skyscraper revisiting the shard .
this one is pretty large but well thought out .
red edge http mirrors-edge2.ru/files/maps/red_edge.rar there 's a lot of red .
pure time trials for steam http www.moddb.com/games/mirrors-edge/addons/pure-time-trail-map-pack-steam-players1 some clever person got this working .
your left is now your right and your right is your left .
props to nulaft over on med.db for this one .
mod menu screen http www.moddb.com/mods/mirrors-edge-mod-menu/downloads/mirrors-edge-mod-menu-101 new this mod was made by u/abincyp and is designed to be able to load your custom maps alongside the normal story ones .
unreal edge wiki http unrealedge.wikia.com/wiki/setting_up_the_editor while this is a pretty good starter source it has n't been updated in a while .
unreal edge wiki starter http unrealedge.wikia.com/wiki/setting_up_the_editor i 'm linking this so people do n't skip over it as the information here is crucial to making maps .
required editor files https mega.nz ! nzjrqdsq ! ldissaevgrb1ry8dc5adtjzgxmlx_fzhk5crgxd-uuw you 'll understand what to do with these after reading the above tutorials .
sadly a lot of the tools and information for mapping were lost with the shutdown of the on-mirrors-edge.com forum .
to install the maps go to your c users/yourusername/documents/ea games/mirror 's edge
replace yourusername '' with whatever your username on your computer is .
if you have a manual install then usually you just have to delete the file you put in this folder .
the game is designed so anything put in here will take precedence over the original file .
as soon as you delete the custom map from this folder though it will act like normal .
from there drop the tdgame folder in each rar or zip into the mirror 's edge folder .
the time trial maps will replace the first time trial map so back that up .
remember that these maps probably do n't have the necessary triggers at the end to send you to the next chapter or level .
that means you need to backup the prologue or original tt if you want to play story mode normally again .
paste the audio_dlc folder and the dlcmaterials/dlcprops files into steam\steamapps\common\mirrorsedge\tdgame\cookedpc '' .
keep the contents of the maps\sp00 '' folder elsewhere if you paste them in with the game data you 'll get errors on startup .
make a back-up copy of the file tt_tutoriala01_p.me1 '' from steam\steamapps\common\mirrorsedge\tdgame\cookedpcmaps\sp00 '' .
to play a given map paste its version of tt_tutoriala01_p.me1 into the directory above start the game and play the playground one '' time trial level .
do n't play online or you 'll screw up your leaderboards .
i 've not included separate links for the mods because the moddb pages often offer insight into them and instructions on how to use them .
it 's a lot of time for me to write individual instructions when they 're all right there .
also to u/mustangwolf1997 the mod here for merc seems to be fixed where the crashing is concerned .
give it a try and figure out what your problem was before .
some of the files i have linked are .exe files i should note that these are just convenient auto installers for the maps .
some maps come with a lot of custom content ie .
it makes it easier than trying to find the right folder for a couple dozen files .
just make sure it 's set to the mirror 's edge directory shown above .
some of the .rar files might have installers in them too .
none of these are harmful and i can guarantee every map i 've posted has been run on my computer .
if there 's a complaint let me know and i 'll have the map removed .
on a final note if you have any requests let me know and i 'll add it to the list .
and if you find a broken link i 'll make sure the map gets reuploaded for you all .
★ m9 bayonet doppler fn phase 3 .nice amount of green
★ bayonet fade fn 90/85 fade if you could please tell me i would be that would be very kind
it interferes with most of my keybindings and i have no idea what causes it .
it seems to function like the snipping tool but looks different .
i seem to recall being told that before but this is the first time in weeks where i actually need more sc for xur !
i there any way to run realms on the new snapshot 1.9 ?
i could n't find answer on the internet so i 'm asking here .
i 'm wondering about uploading 1.9 world to 1.8 realms .
hi i am a 21 year old female and i just had some questions about thyroid nodules .
i have had a nodule for about four years .
when i first discovered it i got a fine needle aspiration done but the doctor only did one pass with the needle .
he also did it right in the middle of the thyroid when most of the nodule is located on the side .
i know he 's the doctor and obviously knows what he 's doing but it seemed like he was in a rush and just wanted to get it done quick .
the results came back that it was normal and noncancerous .
that was four years ago and since then the nodule stayed pretty much the same size until about four months ago it just started growing rapidly and now it 's located solely on one side .
my lymph nodes have been swollen for about the same amount of time that i 've had the nodule .
also all of my thyroid tests have come back normal over the years .
basically what i am wondering is if it 's worth it to get another fna ?
is it possible that the first one could have missed something ?
sticker titan katowice 2014 team ldlc.com katowice 2014 cloud9 holo dreamhack 2014 ninjas in pyjamas holo dreamhack 2014
stickers team dignitas katowice 2014 esl skull foil katowice 2014 ninjas in pyjamas katowice 2014
inspect in game if you need to see the location of sticker .
i 've always wondered what life would be like for a teenager in nazi germany just before the war truly broke out .
looking for poly friendly guys or couples but sorry not bi .
these documents are at least 5 years old by now
scientific background great researcher skilled technician and master programmer .
i will admit i am a little arrogant about my abilities .
criminal record i staged a terror attack with a paintball gun once .
scientific background i invented a machine that allows me to sleep whenever i want .
i am a psychologist so i know what puns people like .
oh and i am a master of quantum physics but that is beyond the point .
what would you say is your greatest weakness that i make the wrong puns at the wrong time
criminal record none at all i 'm try my best to be a good person !
my team and i have finished our business plan .
now we 're wondering how to make it looks formal professional and memorable .
i 've seen several other company business plans these include pictures of san francisco la nyc and all these trendy looking photos .
i don't want that but the text itself and its formatting was very pleasing to the eye .
i want my resume to reflect today 's modern aesthetic but not be too in your face or distracting .
what styles can i write my business plan in so they catch the eye of investors and looks great and neatly modern ?
recently passed my test and now looking to buy a car .
but the insurance is crazy high could anyone recommend and cars or websites where the insurance is decent .
i finished the german tree not too long ago .
i 've bin studying german via doulingo for about a year and a half .
i also did some immersion '' tasks and my german fluency '' stands on 48 .
yet i feel that i would not be able to have a german conversation with a native german speaker .
i admit that i read and write pretty good and my german friends complimented me on my german but still i 'm not satisfied .
my question is besides refreshing skills on duolingo what else can i do now to improve my german ?
the info about date time and weather was a lovely idea d
i love the squirrel i 'm fine thanks for asking and thanks for the interesting random fact
i love the quote about a secret no i 'm not related to lars ulrich but you are right in some ways it would have been cool
i see a few reviews on the ks but i have not seen any of these at my costco .
i know chris ryan holds the record for a war time escape/evasion but how about a training exercise where someone has gone a greater distance/longer time than was planned ?
it was an old made in usa gerber and it had two buttons on the side and pliers came out of the handle instead of the usual flip style .
it had a knife some screwdrivers a can opener some of the best scissors i 've ever had and a bottle opener .
i lost it while traveling and would love to know what it was called so i can see if i can find another on ebay or something .
i used that thing for everything and i need to buy a replacement asap
i have bound crouch to shift and walk to ctrl from my mincraft days and it 's extremely annoying when you ca n't close the map .
a workaround is to spam escape but that often does n't work either .
i do n't know where i can report bugs to the cs go team if it even exists so i thought i would post here .
it may have been pointed out before but while thinking about all the former head coaches that harbaugh has hired i realized that every offensive coordinator under harbaugh has been a former head coach .
plus each one was a head coach the year before becoming the raven 's oc caldwell was originally hired as qb coach but became oc during the season .
i do n't know that this means anything but i thought it was interesting .
but it 's still violence and it contributed to the revolution .
i 'll edit my post since it implies that he did n't say her name but what i meant is that he did n't randomly go out and attack specifically clinton but rather the establishment candidates whom take money from wallstreet which she happens to be .
they 're hard to understand because i 've been blocked for trolling some of her equally classy friends ...
they would be subject to the same fifa restrictions as every other club in the world regarding international youth recruitment the same rules real and atletico madrid were found guilty of violating http www.fifa.com/governance/news/y=2016/m=1/news=atletico-de-madrid-and-real-madrid-sanctioned-for-international-transf-2755486.html .
on the other hand i enjoy mch for the crazy wildfire burst
they may have walked it but never owned it .
they may have pointed but they are n't anointed .
in melee all my name tags are 420 '' dank '' and kush '' .
i think this is the first comment i 've seen from you that did n't begin with hello . ''
it absolutely is tolerated and in fact encouraged in large portions of north africa and the middle east .
the quran contains the instructions for a whole political system and because muhammad claims to be the final and last prophet and all others afterwards are liars there 's no chance of reform like what judaism and christianity underwent .
so areas where islam is the law of the land are permanently stuck in 600 ad .
he 's also one of the most exciting scorers and ball handlers in the league and as a result one of the most popular players in the league but obviously you would n't mention that
that would certainly be the hope of all of us who own a earlier gcn card .
the questions then are how long that switch would take and if amd 's official vulkan driver will be able to live along side mesa 's radeonsi or if it will require amd 's opengl stack .
based on this post i checked out kuzzo 's tonight .
the chicken was fantastic the yams and cornbread were great too .
i 'm not surprised you 've never heard of them .
very few are aware of their existence even among those with codeword clearance .
banning cars or guns for that matter because some people misuse them is the equivalent of how in elementary school when one kid did something stupid the whole class would get in trouble that 's terrible reasoning
besides revis what good players did he get rid of ?
i thought both of the safeties were kind of stiffs no ?
yea do n't think you 're going you 're doing b2 but on the bright side i 've seen people getting 3 summons from b1
so not sure what this has to do with it but sure let 's say that the ancient hebrews meant the physical universe when they said god .
so do you mean the universe or just the physical parts ?
surely our subjective experiences are part of the universe but not all that physical ?
i have a rather big problem with the word universe altogether .
i really prefer to avoid it when the going gets rough .
i am under the impression that ancient hebrews and chinese and greeks and indians all felt that the physical world around us is just one layer of reality and it exists because of a deeper reality .
in trying to solve the measurement problem in quantum mechanics even modern physicists post some multiverse .
i agree but even the linked chart might be interpreted in a misleading fashion .
what we are really interested in is the percent cost change over time .
because inflation compounds this change the slope of the curve will appear steeper and steeper even if the rate is constant .
this data http trends.collegeboard.org/college-pricing/figures-tables/tuition-and-fees-and-room-and-board-over-time-1975-76-2015-16-selected-years shows that the real rate adjusted for inflation has been high as far back as 1980 .
keep in mind that capitol hill has several different parts and is actually a pretty large neighborhood .
there 's the more well known parts which are down near where pike and pine run into broadway .
that 's where all the bars restaurants and quirky shops are .
there 's a mostly residential area around volunteer park that has had very expensive homes condos and apartments for a very long time about a century which is practically forever on the west coast .
i ca n't wait to move out of this damn state .
it 's shit like this why ny has a net loss of residents .
i 'd plan on posting in later this weekend .
you should really upload it and put it here i would definitely watch that !
i 've read the pentagon 's report on climate change .
populations will be forced to move inland droughts conflict and new viruses are some of the things they predicted .
they also forecast it will take several decades for the effects of climate change to be felt .
more over politicians and corporations know it 's coming .
climate change will not be like the day after tomorrow were suddenly everything is destroyed .
climate change will put pressure on nations and economies but there will be no sudden collapse .
do n't hold your breath and do n't become some prepper who sits in their bunker waiting for the inevitable '' collapse of society .
i was worried that she might choke because of that kinda laughing .
worse thing about that was the shade of blue of her pant suit .
next time you go to his office you should just bring ammo cans of .50 cal .
jd i 'm yet to understand the value of an mba .
most the great executives i 've worked for did n't have one .
the last 5 years by tony award winning composer and lyricist jason robert brown is a musical deconstruction of a love affair and a marriage taking place over a five year period .
jamie wellerstein is a young talented up and coming jewish novelist who falls in love with cathy hiatt a shiksa goddess struggling actress .
their story is told almost entirely through songs using an intercutting time line device all of cathy 's songs begin at the end of their marriage and move backwards in time to the beginning of their love affair while jamie 's songs start at the beginning of their affair and move forward to the end of their marriage .
the last five years received mixed reviews from critics .
anna kendrick 's performance was met with widespread critical acclaim with many citing it as the best performance of her career .
the review aggregator website rotten tomatoes reported a 60 approval rating based on 84 reviews with an average rating of 6\.2\/10 .
the site 's critical consensus states the last five years hits a few awkward notes in its transition from stage to screen but its freshness and sincere charm and well-matched stars offer their own rewards . ''
metacritic which assigns a weighted average score calculated an average score of 60 out of 100 based on 28 critics indicating mixed or average reviews '' .
more info at imdb http www.imdb.com/title ? the+last+five+years 282014 29 wikipedia https en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php ? curid=39409986 rotten tomatoes http www.rottentomatoes.com/m/the_last_5_years metacritic http www.metacritic.com/movie/the-last-five-years freebase http www.freebase.com/wikipedia/fr/the_last_five_years 0028film 0029 .
send me feedback https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmovieguide subject=re 3a 20http 3a 2f 2fredd.it 2f4166rh confidence 1.01 '' .
have notifications for member participant/signed-up for a schedule program .
fedora is a backup cleanser unit with debuffs not main cleanser .
you can say he 's a tanky collen with cleanse/immunity .
meanwhile kona/delphoi belong to primary cleanser category with their shorter cd .
thus the later two are the best alternatives to vela .
got my pack the day after the court ruling .
it is good information that you bring to the debate .
would you happen to know how many marriages actually take place in the u.s.a. at the minimum ages you detail ?
another 6 pic album in the same poses without the cute panties ?
a storm raged outside that battered the manor with howling winds unrepentant rain and explosive thunder .
all the while he could n't help but hear the cold booms from murderous guns and the pleas for mercy from the helpless victims .
a fire burned in his hearth as he sipped his scotch and he dared not look at the windows for fear of seeing the slain 's tears sliding down the transparent hereafter .
very well sir i will take my leave of you and see you in the morning . ''
this ... '' he looked around the dark room that danced red from the firelight of his hearth and was contorted with shadows from the lightning ... this has to end . ''
alfred gave way to silence as he let his young master brood in his unending torment .
a thunder shook the manor yet he felt that the game of cat and mouse that his friend had played for far too long was finally undoing him .
ever the care giver he filled his cup with a bit more scotch and said yes it does need to end as all things need to when their time comes . ''
he knew alfred would be diplomatic as he knew he would have to take drastic measures to bring his pain to an end .
after alfred filled his cup he emptied it and pointed a gun at him .
alfred was worried about his young charge even though the man was old enough to be considered middle aged yet he had never seen him take up a gun .
pointing a gun at me after you 've fired me is a terrible pun master wayne '' he said .
thunder lightning rain wind whiskey hearth smoke and anger alfred 's ear was shot off .
after alfred stumbled down onto the ground he got up and emptied the six shooter around his head .
once the gun was empty of the promise that he so longed for he pressed the hot barrel against alfred 's head go back to britain .
live your last days with your old family . ''
he got up dusted himself off and considered the child that he raised as his own son .
he walked over to the clock pulled the lever and said but i will always be at your leave . ''
as the secret opening revealed itself alfred left his young master to brood in his drunken stupor .
it began to hail outside but with an umbrella and a prayer he walked to his car and took one last look at the empty house of wayne .
thanks for the prompt no idea if i 've reached the word limit still writing ...
in a settlement you can build a juke box .
mouseover or click to view the metric conversion for this comment http fiddle.jshell.net/convertstometric/xhk4y5h5/show/light ? 30 20feet 20 209.1 20m 0a 30 feet 9.1 m
report the mets are willing to offer yoenis cespedes 3-years around 60m 20m/year per nypost .
reported by whereskernan of ny post mets cespedes https twitter.com/inmetswetrust/status/688169117644279809
dp has always been a mmr machine at sub 2k because new players dont know how to deal with pushing or ratting
it also put zerg on a timer and at no point were they cost efficient in the match up .
zerg 's were trying to trade anything for a couple of key units while expanding harassing with mutas where possible and getting every possible upgrade while the terran sat back built the deathball on three bases .
it was n't a good match up to watch or play .
for extra amusement the function gets repurposed to use a function variable through external calls and then everything breaks because the crazy halfass bug fix is specific to the original usage .
i remember the first time i ever went to a concert without either of my parents but instead with my sister we went to go see incubus on the morning view tour or shortly after .
and then incubus got like two songs were playing nice to know you and then all the fucking people up front with my sister and i in the nosebleeds fucking brought down the barricade in front of the stage they stopped the concert and then no music for like an hour .
and when i tell this story sometimes people do n't believe me because who the fuck moshes down a barricade at an incubus concert ?
yeah the atmosphere and acoustics inside an 1800 's church really sealed the memory
they 're occupying public land just like blm and ows .
the existence of firearms has apparently kept things civil despite what a few crackpots have said .
no police there are wasting their time writing jaywalking tickets .
if you blow your load and have nothing to defend him yeah he can be punishing but even then you should be able to do a 2 drop in the mid of the map and distract him if you are smart .
quick question why would they make something split screen if it was with ai characters ?
they wouldnt they would just put the ai character in the main screen .
there is no doubt they are doing split screen online multiplayer .
if they included dlc and got on some sort of release schedule for additional games i would be onboard .
i was also there.. he was a bit different and he sat a great deal of the time ...
something i would n't normally mention given what happened but his chair was behind a speaker which blocked view from my assigned seats .
he was funny obviously still recovering from his injuries but i was glad to see him get back up there .
it sucks but the only real advice for getting used to krita is to just use it .
i 'm a photoshop user myself so i could n't tell you anything specific but it essentially comes down to just using the software regularly to get used to it 's capabilities .
i 'd highly suggest trying to learn keyboard shortcuts as they drastically cut down on your time spent in your workflow simply switching tool .
think if you had to move to a different room to use a new tool in real life .
having efficient keyboard shortcut usage is the equivalent of placing that tool down on your desk and picking a new one up .
so that 's how i would start to use a new program by learning the keyboard shortcuts .
possibly a stock image used by the woman selling it .
a balanced mix of single-core and total processor power with both being as fast as you can get .
the official minimum spec is a 4590 and that 's not going to produce huge bottlenecks .
but you should really aim for the slightly faster 4690k and overclock overclocked 4790k is better overclocked skylake 6700k best .
skylake is n't that much faster at stock but is overclocking somewhat farther than devil 's canyon on average due to the die shrink .
your mileage may vary consult a doctor before using product .
the thing about bad players is that they win about 50 of their games .
so if you do something really bad and stupid like bounty hunter carry with 5 battlefury you will 50 .
the games they get to 5 battlefury they think omg this is so strong i am so pro '' the other 50 they blame their team .
we are not a reddit clan but you can consider us !
right right i give up your mind is just too close i was trying to make you understand why he is receiving nerfs but you do n't want to understand so just accept that he will be nerfed you talking this things will not changing anything i give up go on with your arrogance .
not sure if it 's really related but his track hold me close '' just bring back amazing memories to discovering flux 's track of the same name https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=bknbdcntimw
i remember her from tootsie but most recently i think of her work in american horror story elsa mars sister jude fiona goode constance etc .
i do n't know why i like these but i really do .
if not for the camera quality i probably would n't be able to tell when these were taken with the exception of maybe the red car .
can you elaborate on how he is for making sure all americans have healthcare ?
yep i do n't see an update any time soon though .
i feel this album was written all in one evening at a jazz club which started with brendon taking a tab of ecstasy .
he got a few songs in and had a cigar and glass of fine whiskey wrote the title track then said y'know what 'd be good right now ?
and thus the rest of the ablum was written .
but i do see it as a government endorsement of monotheism which i believe is illegal .
going to fix someone 's computer problem and finding 30 internet tabs open simultaneously .
that place is massive it looks like something straight out of stalker .
even among developing countries syria and iraq were the worst of the worst .
i was more impressed about how smudge free it was to be honest .
i 'm glad there is some evidence it 's human .
if we allow two hot dogs to get married pretty soon there 'll be a call to allow hot dogs to fit in half-sister buns .
brewing in a format you know nothing about is just asking for trouble .
twin was one of the cheaper decks for me to buy into coming from legacy since i already have snapcasters and cliques and tarns and stuff it was mostly just the twins sulfur falls and steam vents i needed to pick up along with remands and serum visions .
it was the deck i felt gave me the most staples for my money that i 'd be able to use while brewing and would give me an opportunity to just play the format for a while and see what was out there before pretending like i knew how to beat things .
is it just me or does the guy holding up the constitution look like the perfect definition of the word inbred '' ?
is this seriously the face they want to present to the public to get them on their side ?
order placed only '' 1561 on 12-18-15 with donald himself .
was told then they were a little behind due to the holiday rush which was understandable .
i was assured by donald in an email on 1-8-16 that my order would ship on monday or tuesday .
i did n't receive the dear john '' email until late in the day on 1-12-16 .
so they started sending out these sorry '' emails as early as sunday the 10th ?
someone on here said they were still accepting orders the next day !
actually the world record is held by kenenisa bekele at 12:37.35 .
til that only the oatmeal knew what a jackass edison was ...
do you want to sign up for this first exchange still ?
you can go ahead and sign up by tomorrow if you 'd like to
iirc 80-85 is qs a awp medusa qs 'd for 140 keys a couple days ago
the last time i had a psu go bad i was lucky and only the psu had to be replaced .
well for me the kustom widget maker was a lot easier to start on .
it has all the same features plus you can use it for some lockscreen widgets too .
i recommend you look up any specific confusions you have .
you do need pro to import other people 's komponents but all other features are present in the free version .
the kustom live wallpaper is only really needed when you want to use some super special animations .
most local stores will be willing to special order the paints for you .
they can usually use it to pad out an order from their distributor .
i 'd want to get a bunch of pro players and use it in few scenarios
it 'd be enough data after doing it for few weeks to see a baseline reaction speed comparison and to see how much improvement they 'd be making week after week to see if they plateau before mouse speed or after .
i got my battery from walmart.. only it was an energizer maxx ...
this season has been pretty good it started really bad but picked up around halloween where they did a halloween episode that was n't a treehouse of horror and it felt like the golden era of simpsons .
while i personally am not comfortable watching james deen anymore and will not be viewing these videos myself other than to see if it 's spam etc he has not been convicted and is currently under investigation .
this subreddit is to share porn that women enjoy and james deen 's work is enjoyed by many women on here even with the investigation still ongoing .
until then posts involving him will stay unless any of the other mods disagree .
until he is charged with a crime this sub will continue to support whatever porn the majority of women like .
if you do n't like it you are free to leave .
there was so much generic-sounding text at the start so i thought you were referring to that instead !
hm i do n't know i we would do this maybe yea like u/sakana-otoko said there would be some arrangements .
because words have to order maybe there would be an order less weird than another
i do n't sub so i ca n't check but his actual relative position is much higher as a receiver than a blocker ?
a male stripper teaches a younger performer how to party pick up women and make easy money .
at some point you will have to realise abandoning human liberty to embracing the state as a means to solve problems only offsets risk in a manner that compounds it in the hands of those with the strongest record of literal democidal megadeath both terms who 's existence is owed to the nessesity of describing the type and scale of murder only achieveable by the state .
the progeny of those that embrace it are at greater risk than than those that by degree recognise it 's inherent and immutable danger .
these cowboys dim sense of what is happening to them is lightyears beyond the typical neolib and in that regard their minarchism is something i can appreciate more than your poor attempt to reflect my own words back on me .
those men have mixed their labour with lands that the federal government has attempted to steal on more than a few occassions from more than a few people .
having actually worked their own lands represents a far more legitimate property claim than the real estate frauds the state has foisted on its subjects by claiming all allodial title to itself .
accepting such foundational fraud as normative makes you more of a slave on the outside than they will ever be a prisoner on the inside .
these people recognizing that the state does not honor its own terms is at least something .
the selective enforcement against backburns represents clear corruption especially considering the government prosecuting them has determined such actually improved the value of those plots the federal government claims was damaged in the defensive burn .
in the cases the feds do the same their own men go completely unpunished for the exact same or far worse acts even it it burns down houses and property .
thanks for explaining that you do n't understand r/k selective theory though .
personnel were directly involved in prostitution/child prostitution in africa ...
it was on r/worldnews recently but i do n't want to go digging for the link .
they wrote we will give a 1 bonus to anyone that submits 10 receipts we encourage multiple submissions ! ''
got drunk with all of them and they got a lot of respect for me and i got a lot of apologies .
despite me being in a clan i dont want to restart and build over and over again .
beyond 2 souls was a kick in the gut once you got the whole picture .
for the most of the game you kinda have an idea but once you figure it out it hits you like a train .
i do n't know what this person is referring to but clearly the w ca n't stand for windows as windows already has f.lux .
clearly this wp has to be something that 's unrelated to microsoft .
your post was removed because it uses the text box .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=what are some song lyrics that just hit home for you right now ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i feel like it 's a pet dog when it gets kicked and catches itself .
i 'd get one of these to guard my house .
i was probably a little defensive because that thread got a bit feisty .
yeah i imagined there would be some kind of legal issue there .
maybe somehow have contracts that do n't make the team or player liable for trash talk '' ?
seems implausible but part of the reason why the idea is so intriguing in the first place .
arc and ort are on about the same tier of power assuming arc is in type-earth mode .
tfw you need two facebook tabs cause you 're so alone
why i should n't be allowed to fly a cutter ? ''
wow i did not know it was psvr launch as well .
makes sense a space sim is going to bring in vr
probably one of the most heavily played tool songs .
not sure i 've ever heard right in two .
i 'd say buy system dust covers instead of focusing on just the ports if you 're that concerned .
there are some great custom made ones out there on ebay .
are you having any problems with migration or just stretching ?
i 'm terrible at guessing these things because i 'm tone deaf but that sounded like beat it by michael jackson to me .
reminds me of trandoshan but probably a new species .
was hoping it 'd be starkiller as an inquisitor until people pointed out the feet and fingers .
i wish so badly i could get one of these in na .
they look much better than the 3ds covers in my opinion and i recently realized how nice the 2ds feels in the hand
thankfully it 's not in a very noticeable place but man it looked awful when it was healing blistered a ton etc .
i really like the color but it 's a little drier then i prefer
flight school is expensive and this would be nice .
ya let 's be more like the usa long prison sentences three strike rule can never get a job after going to prison .
let 's not even think about rehabilitation just sweep people under the rug and forget about them so i can live in my perfect little bubble .
im not in this sub enough but i keep seeing zztop is there a website what do they have ?
your hair in the first few pictures looks downright bad .
but your hair in the last few actually looks pretty good i 'd suggest that .
you actually look somewhat attractive there in a strange way .
every time this happens i almost always end up unloading on the headless offender .
you have no head you 're fucking dead stay fucking dead this time
that gif is from season 2 to be exact .
the character designs are a bit different than the ones in s1 .
my sister 's kids turned into these demonic little beings speaking gibberish .
they did n't look like demons i just perceived them as demonic and it freaked me out .
nypd is currently testing a few different systems and styles of body cameras they have one that mounts to oakleys one mounted to a should and one mounted to the chest .
they are trying to evaluate what will work best across the entire department .
lets say 5 years from now hypothetical date after they 've picked their body cam provider created policies and made the necessary deals on the retrieval end this will either be free probably just for those directly involved or cost a much more objectively reasonable fee to news sources .
if we extremely low balled the daily workforce to 8,000 uniformed patrol officers and limited body cams to them only and the policy was to film at all times on patrol that would end up being roughly 22 years of footage per day .
so that could also be a reason for this being so costly especially in these early stages .
interesting thing about loyalty original topic is that it can be split two ways
i return to use a product/service because i want to .
i return to use a product/service beacuse i have to .
weird thing is that i think most of us here are 2 as we pretty addicted to the game if it was 1 you 'd see drop off as ppl move onto other games
★★★phoenix on ps and multiple dogbone along with angel on bs ★★★
★84 condition awp pink ddpat with full mw looks worth 7 keys
so you did the sixteenth note bb-f-bb-a by fingering the high f with overblown a at quarter note 176 ?
that 's impressive i do n't think i would be able to get my overtone to speak in that fraction of a second .
careful ... maybe if we 're lucky you 'll have to throw that hat back tonight
op your favorite band is afi and not one of your favorite songs is off art of drowning or black sails ?
the october storm when an extremely early snowstorm destroyed thousands of trees in the buffalo area in 2006 and it made world news .
the blizzard of 2001 when over 7 feet of snow fell on the buffalo area over a little more than a week .
snowvember when up to 7 feet or more of snow fell on a small section of the buffalo area while areas a mile or less away had inches or none at all .
i 'm from nz and have the following cards available to trade
and i 'm after 152 174 192 193 195 201 202 203 204 206 and 207
if anybody is interested in trading/buying or selling with me then send me a message
i mean if people would just read what the click there would not be a problem .
is iranian oil not already entering the global market somehow ?
i ca n't imagine that they are n't selling it a discount somehow .
i ca n't stop seeing hypocrisy from is such sentences .
ukraine as all bad for cutting power to crimea but when russia cuts the gas to ukraine they say it is well done and nobody cares for the elder and the children .
just because russia pays for the electricity does n't mean ukraine wants to keep supplying it .
in fact lots of electricity in ukraine is generated by gas so since ukraine is reducing dependence on russian gas that russia likes to use as political weapon it is wise to save on electricity .
and i ca n't see the existence of a brain behind the idea that ukraine is punishing crimea when it is doing what it is in the right to do .
but russia intervention in ukraine is just a legitimate defense of its interest and not a punishment on ukrainians for wanting to turn west .
i 'd most likely get my head kicked in for being english so i 'd need to affect some weird pseudo eastern european accent .
do some labouring jobs to get money for tools and become a travelling barber getting work where i could .
extract penicillin in my loggings and evolve medical science in light year strides as the barber surgeon who can cure the clap and the french disease .
word would quickly spread reputation wealth and contacts gained .
the resulting status would enable me to be taken as less of a snake oil salesman and more as a medical supplier to which i 'd hire the best chemist i could find and give him the initial eureka discovery .
hopefully his reputation would be enough to encourage other medical professionals to warrant study and experimentation with this new miraculous substance !
assuming this works the product sales will be wild and hopefully someone would be able independently reproduce the drug .
if that does n't happen i 'd leak the trade secret to as many hospitals i could .
and for my next trick how about a small pox vaccine ? that is if jenner has n't already got there of course .
having all knuckles on 4 and heel on 3 requires you to use a fist '' grip where all of your fingers are bunched together .
some people do that but others prefer having a more relaxed grip with more hand '' behind the ball where there 's separation between the index finger and the rest .
if you do that your heel shifts to bevel 4 .
real life has always been exactly like the movies .
to be clear does it matter if the gun is unable to be operated by her ?
or does it literally have to be under lock and key to which she has no access ?
they lock down the phone so much only letting people run/install what they deem acceptable .
they will go after anyone who tries to bypass their policing of what people do with the idevices they buy then steal ideas while suing anyone that does anything remotely similar to them .
add to the fact that their hardware is more expensive then alternative options/os 's out there leaves me just not a fan of anything they do .
geelong for years had been a great team who could n't win a flag because they lacked leadership .
as no one seemed phased by his shenanigans nasir dispelled the illusion the eerie room melded back into normality .
... i suppose it would not be proper to upset your mother after all the hospitality she has given me . ''
finally devon explained it to him though it did not really help all that much .
with a confused smile nasir gave the teen a nod .
i 'm certainly willing to try something at least once .
it 's a real country with a sovereign currency turning off the cheap imports and focusing on exports .
would you rather have 30 unemployment and cheap tvs if you were handcuffed to some other currency ?
are there plans for a repress with american distribution ?
45 just seems like a lot for a 2x lp .
there needs to be an audit system in place and better database controls .
we need to ensure that malware and compromises on the local machines can not change the integrity of the vote or change the information presented to the user .
there needs to be a type of system which is not subject to a ddos or other type of attack .
there are a couple of other reasons listed there which have no simple solution .
the sign next to the port says thermal exhaust port
there 's a dfo and a bar there now .
her family did not contribute to the effort or sacrifice the scientists made to productize and clone those cells .
i do n't see the lottery ticket these people seem to think they have just because some biopsies of their mom 's cancer were used as research tools .
if you want to credit anything the cosmic ray that flipped the right base pair to cause cellular immortality is the thing that started all this .
if it was not her it would have been someone else 's cells too .
she was just used as a founder stock since that was what they had when they developed the technique .
bridge from the board is much worse than a game 1 bridge since they are bringing in artifact hate already .
the problem with main deck bridge is that it is sort of a build around that has anti-synergy with tezzeret 1 and thirst for knowledge .
as well as the reasons a dressed in the deck tech .
in this case being assigned a role in new champion select and taking over someone else 's assigned role is now bannable .
he was assigned jungle and went mid instead when i was mid .
they really should just close the place down after this .
buster sword is one of the weakest picks out of the banner .
probably the weakest non-joke pick josef 's suicide special does n't count .
hey i could buy 182 saturn s-series with cracked cylinder heads !
lovies philosophy is what caused the scheme to fail .
carolina and seattle run a much more aggressive philosophy .
i 'd say that r/diyelectronics strives to be a little more amateur-friendly and fun '' than r/electronics .
in particular i 'm noticing a lot of people that are already doing diy stuff but want to integrate electronic components into their projects .
with arduino and raspberry pi becoming popular the barrier of entry for digital electronics is lower than ever and i 'd like for r/diyelectronics to cater to that audience .
obviously r/diyelectronics welcomes advanced professionals as well but for them we 'll have a focus on monthly challenges and side projects rather than the q a threads we see over at r/electronics .
i 'm working with a number of people to run some of the more advanced challenges .
i 'll be sure to add this to the faq backlog .
i 'll never touch an oreo again ... ... ..unless that is all there is
japan has had a long history of relations with taiwan and that is not a fact that will change .
we have de-facto recognition of taiwan but as you know we do not have de-jure recognition for complicated reasons .
attending will open the door to taiwan to being able to acquire our latest military technologies including the f-2 soryu class submarines type 91 kai manpads type 88 surface to ship missile systems .
the halo franchise while there were plans and apparently even a steve jobs press announcement about the game at something called macworld i think the article said it was talked about at about halo nothing from halo was released until after microsoft scooped up bungie.. so they got to keep their engine but microsoft got the halo ip ... which is what it really wanted ... microsoft could always have their own people code a new engine ... but i think they did both if i remember right ...
i think they licensed the existing halo engine back from bungie and made changes to it or working in the background on a new halo engine while using the old one ... i forget now .
still despite all the hostility ... they seem to still have a good working relationship ... they ended up still releasing destiny on xbox consoles when it was going to be a ps and ps4 exclusive at one point and a lot of bungie people work at 343 now either staying behind or going back there after the split bungie was contracted to help 343 ship halo reach because they werent ready to take over fully yet..
and apparently 343 is just the new name of that studio ... apparently it began life as bungie west '' but only released one fairly unsuccessful game and got renamed to 343 and just worked in the background doing extra work for the halo franchise .
let me know if im missing some errors or if this is fine or anything .
ive taken into consideration what you told me so all my plans are put into ths one thread .
or just run a 1/4 cup white vinegar with your regular laundry .
a lot of what they will be doing is gathering resources and assets .
they got ta procure money ammunition armaments bases and equipment .
finding a decent base good take a chapter while a lot of those other things could be acquired during raids your characters undertake also taking up a chapter .
then you get to the more interesting type of assets .
you have to find wealthy sponsors of the cause you have to have specialists in virtually every field and having moles in the enemy camp is always nice .
a lot of chapters will be focused on these things while others will be about a series of escalating strikes .
it is always nice to have moments where the reader and character can relax .
show the camaraderie between your characters show them being friends show us their relationships .
at the same time suspense is a nice thing to instill .
maybe there is a traitor amongst them maybe one of their strikes has some civilians caught in the crossfire .
make them question their crusade even if only for a moment .
why in the world would you think ypu both can refer each other that sounds like its breaking the laws of physics
favorite game would have to pokémon platinum for sure .
if i want to do something i get off my ass and do it i do n't wait til new year .
how did you set her into such a relationship ?
you happen to know and be on speaking terms with a member of the slapahoe tribe ?
it 's kinda like with bernie posts on reddit if you swap out like for upvote share for repost and prayer for vote .
4 ac/5s with 9 tons of ammo and an xl295 on the hero uac5s and 5 meds and a 335 or ac10s and 4 meds or 2 uac5s and 2 ppcs on the 6r 3lpl+4meds on the 6d yawn and then idk who gives a shit on the missile variant
i 'm not sure who is in each category but whoever has x speed is in x category .
from there it 's all random as to who goes first .
he said we do n't have those in pennsylvania '' after questioned about the jughandle debacle .
maybe i 've only been exposed to stupid pa drivers .
but on the highway y'all are almost as dangerous as ny drivers almost .
this is a whole foods certified humane '' farm. https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=yu4pjcusld0 .
free range means nearly nothing as this photo shows .
https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free-range_eggs media/file free-range-hens.jpg and organic refers only to the feed .
so no you still have intensively confined debeaked animals who are killed at less than a quarter of their lives .
and the females are still laying a painful amount of eggs 20x their wild ancestors and their most common cause of death is related issues .
so no you do n't care about these animals or their welfare if you buy humane organic free range '' eggs .
the source is bringing taken down pretty quickly by disney whenever it 's posted sorry you might be able to find it if you dig
really not looking forward to this match with our last performance but in saying that we normally perform better vs decent opposition .
we were told this movie is a blood relative '' of the last .
maybe in more ways than simply being a part of the same world .
brand new sub and dick butt is already top post
in case you were wondering and who does n't wonder about this at 3 am et/midnight pt there was no salary retained in the pit-ana trade .
as a gift an 0.1 of mona lisa it 's ok for me .
or if you want to be more patriotic jackson pollock 's number 5 is ok too .
i like the money but i am the tiniest bit bitter my 2 years as ss leave me at the same level as a brand new ss .
he brought it up to try to preempt potential cheatriots bs .
many folks on here remember the previous fire alarm pulls so i think this post was unnecessary .
however it is understandable why he wants to do that .
when you wake up to find your plane inside a cloud with artificial horizon gimbal-locked airspeed at 700 km/h and with rate of descent too high for the vsi to show and not even the adrenaline from recovering successfully before disintegrating or crashing can keep you alert it 's time to rtb and go to sleep .
here 's a debate with a guy from crimethinc vs. chris hedges
if it is fluctuating i recommend setting your llc in such a way that it holds your voltage more stabily .
not necessarily my understanding of article 5 is that if the nato country is in anyway the aggressor they ca n't invoke the article and involve the rest of nato
everyone in this thread is freaking out that his organs are degrading due to weight yo-yoing .
and i said i do n't care if they lay me off either because i told i told bill that if they move my desk one more time then then i 'm i 'm quitting i 'm going to quit .
and and i told don too because they 've moved my desk four times already this year and i used to be over by the window and i could see the squirrels and they were merry married but then they switched from the swingline to the boston stapler but i kept my swingline stapler because it did n't bind up as much and i kept the staples for the swingline stapler and it 's not okay because if they take my stapler then i 'll set the building on fire ...
i think there 's a difference between momentary anger in the moment and prolonged anger that seethes and corrupts .
if he had then spent years marinading i 'm hatred and despair that 's when the dark side takes hold .
why make the game even more casual omg ... removing soloq lcs games under 30 minutes ... wtf riot
this sounds like some banker at a college loan company at a party with other bankers about how they molest the people who seek higher education
i think even nissan spent a fortune building battery factories on 3 different continents and then said they can get a better deal just buying from http insideevs.com/nissan-ceo-best-battery-maker-lg-chem lg http insideevs.com/lg-chem-looks-clinch-battery-contract-next-gen-nissan-leaf .
in relation to how much of the car lg chem is responsible for i found this http www.freep.com/story/money/cars/general-motors/2015/10/20/gm-credits-lg-chem-creating-much-chevy-bolt/74278562
in a break with the past general motors acknowledged today that lg chem did n't only supply batteries for the 2017 chevrolet bolt but another arm of the south korean supplier co-developed the electric car 's climate controls electric-drive motor power electronics and dashboard displays and infotainment system .
i saw some interviews where some of the top/chief engineers at chevy were asked about the car and they talked about things like the way the door sils were notched or how much trunk room there was and they basically talked about the frame and/or the challenges of working with people from all over the world namely seoul .
i do n't think i saw exec chief engineer pam fletcher or chief engineer josh tavel say much about the technology involved .
when someone builds something and then gets asked questions about their creation it 's pretty easy to tell how involved they were and i could tell from their answers something was off .
i have no problem with lg co-developing the car i love lg but now i understand why i got that vibe from the gm employee interviews .
it 's totally unrelated to ev but this guy https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ma7rr3fzy-a put a v8 in an exocent kit and is selling it .
watching him talk about the car he knows every single detail of the car watching gm engineers talk about the bolt felt a little like people with the level of familiarity with the vehicle that a sales guy would have with it .
this is already too long but that was bothering me and now i know why .
let forever be https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=s5fyfqdo5g0 by the chemical brothers directed by michel gondry .
yeah it 's pretty hard to get excited about a new map when i 'm probably never going to get to play it .
i played a couple of games during launch week but nothing since then .
she 's a princess no way is she going to do that kind of work for him .
i looked up a girl who liked me in the 7th grade once she got a dui while on bath salts .
they 're the same as anyone else is just not afraid to admit it and have the balls to defend themselves .
they also do n't have a imperialist past the way western european countries do .
i 'm not saying western european nations need to feel guilty but they do anyway and hungary does n't .
watch movie spring breakers 2012 '' vumoo in hindi vhsrip satrip iptvrip tablet bdrip avi
four college girls hold up a restaurant in order to fund their spring break vacation .
while partying/drinking/taking drugs they are arrested only to be bailed out by a drug and arms dealer .
from what i can gather people thought the show became pretentious .
season six even though it has a handful of really big plot developments is closer to some kind of abstract mood piece than the story-filled season five .
people did n't think moynihan 's philosophical ruminations had any place in a show called adventure time and the fact that the other storyboarders followed suit only exacerbated things .
when you go back and look at the season there are comparatively very few episodes which could be described as adventurous '' even leaving out moynihan 's strangeness .
not everybody was on board for so much experimentation it 's one thing to introduce some ongoing plot and some emotional drama into a geeky cartoon and another to introduce melancholy ambiguous existentialism .
all that to say it 's my favorite season to date .
but i can understand why it was n't for everybody .
that 's a big part of why i admire it so much it was very risky to not only have so much seriousness but to mix in less and less silliness so that the ideas they were talking about had the gravity they deserved .
they risked alienating a huge portion of their fanbase and unfortunately they did .
it paid off in one of he most extraordinary seasons of television in recent memory but it whittled down its audience to the people who like fantasy cartoons and james joyce which is perhaps a smaller demographic than it should be .
thx for this post as everytime i think pay 2x more for a surfacebook gawd do i really want a windows 10 only device and the virus protection that entails or maybe a pretty much same price dell chromebook 13 touchscreen chromebook ends up same price almost as a pixel2 when maxed out and now razer come up with actually best competitor a touchscreen qhd or 4k ultrabook at 999 1500 with an additional usb-c video card that can power multiple 4k monitors yes pls.. all 3 of these portables have me lusting.. but none more than pixel2 ls.. as for couple years my primary portable device outside a maxed apple desktop is a c720 i3 4gb and also a asus chromebox 8gb ram.. both of which are so damn fast.. prob a 3.5-4secs bootup and they just fly so fast.. while the pixel2 ls would not just fly but hammer fast .
and then u have the real industrial design not like my plasticky acer.. plus having used a surface pro 3 i want the touchscreen.. and to me laptops around 12 inch the perfect size.. so this post makes me want the pixel 2 again ... but a 4k razer ultrabook and desktop video card calls too.. but the razer they fkd up and only went to 8gb ram tho everything else spec wise is spot on and price is tight ... btw what is your preferred email program on pixel2 ls ?
and any other extensions/apps/programs u use and how is the touchscreen compared to not having one etc ?
i would assume that one would be for reverse polarity protection .
the other two are probably for buck and boost functions .
it may be negative voltage because nfets tend to have a lower rds on than pfets .
yeah i will try my hardest now in school and hopefully everything recovers .
late reply but this is exactly why i let my cat out .
i think it 's hugely cruel to keep a cat locked inside .
i 'd prefer people just not own a cat if they 're going to do that and they 're worried about a few birds going missing .
where did alphys get the time to build a sub ?
i would say kanye has more awards then what lewis has .
i would n't be surprised at all is lewis ended up marrying a porn star .
most seem to be frustrated about the fact that the game was n't what they expected .
most saw a sandbox mmo with tons of possibilities when it turned out to be a huge grindfest i personally do n't mind the grind but i get why some people do .
personally i think its their fault for falling for the hype and their own misconceptions .
granted the game somewhat advertised itself as something that i believe is only slightly to what it offered .
but the objects of most of the complaints namely the combat and the grind could have been figured out with a simple google search .
blowing those all those chance to come away with crap and probably a first/second round loss at the aussie now that you 've expended yourself ?
i think it must be a us thing i 've never heard of anyone having one in the uk and even if i had i do n't want one i do n't feel like we need one and i feel like it would be one more thing to worry about .
it 's quite a new and alien concept to me .
quite ok with doing paper invites and just answering people 's questions if they have them .
i also feel like a lot of our friends/family either would n't understand the idea and would just rsvp via phone or mail or in person anyway as is the done thing here and the whole website would be a waste of time .
edit to add also we are n't having a registry or any kind of info that people will need that wo n't be on the invites fairly small wedding everyone who is staying over at the wedding venue has already booked in etc .
i could maybe try to stream some for you girls at some point ?
also probably did n't want to deal with the ballache of having to support their cards as secondary physics processors .
can you give at least 3 more examples about what makes these people tick ?
i think fury was that movie where i changed my view on shia labeouf from i hate this guy 's guts '' to he 's sort of cool and he does n't deserve all the hate he gets ''
haha its on my to-buy list at the local game shop for sure !
im in the forbidden forest need to do shadows and would love someone to play with and help me out and then help me get through the dlc and all
the supreme will just sit in waiting for me but the old kais well i 'll finally z awaken great saiyagirl so hard to build a team around those 2 but it 'll be fun to play with
we will even forget about that compensation that you surely are still working on riot !
which is why i also gave the epa fuel efficiency ratings and noted that achieving a more reasonable figure like 42mpg in a wrx is n't hard .
looks like it 's an old location used before .
what kind on magic trains you been getting beteen glasgow and edinburgh .
sommige jongeren vervelen zich nu ook op straat en gaan het criminele pad op .
heb liever dat ze zich leren te vervelen bij defensie daar in de fout gaan en flink worden bestraft dan dat het op straat gebeurt .
sommige hebben daarbij nogal wat hiaten in hun opvoeding een ongezond gebrek aan respect voor autoriteit en de samenleving .
het leger zou daar wellicht nog wat in kunnen veranderen want de straffen straatcoaches en het knuffelen wil niet echt helpen .
maar aan de andere kant is het ook weer gevaarlijk deze groep jongeren wapenkennis te geven ... een echt dilemma .
maar dat is sowieso voor een beperkte groep voor mensen die willen studeren is het slechts een vervelende vertraging .
spellshield being prone to poking adds a lot to the game imo .
otherwise it is just another version of hardened shield .
it 's short for family tends to mean friends as well basically anyone you like or trust .
it 's slang that started with young black people in england mainly london and has now spread to other countries .
i think it does if it works the way i think it takes the median value for every pixel between all the pictures .
this means it will take the color that repeats most often among all the pictures .
as long as no one in the picture was standing still for more than half the time you where taking pictures the median value would be the background .
yes lol cause i did n't want to get another tool on my computer just to get the overlay in the screenshot .
if you cancel before 2 working days i believe its around 16 to reschedule .
less than 2 working days full cost of test to rebook
if your just cancelling i would say no refund but good to double check
there is game with really not much blood being spileld but this can be explained by teams not knowing exactly when to pick fights .
also drake and rift herald are not that big anymore so no bloobath or exiting fights happening there .
give it more time it 's gon na get interesting again if they give back those objectives some importance and teams knowing themselves more and more willing to pick fights .
that will depend on what you both are into .
for me a threesome with another woman is completely out of the question .
i 've never been into women and thus the idea is a total sexual turnoff .
we both have zero interest to be in a sexual situation with the same sex .
but if your girlfriend is generally fine with that and jealousy is the actual problem then maybe you could agree on a script '' for the whole encounter who does what to whom what are total no-gos etc. so nothing that happens will cause feelings of jealousy for her .
a bit of sifting reveals that j-list has a few of them .
the ones that remove notes and cancel bpm changes will make a score false .
ah yes back then i thought it was gon na be some shitty furry fanservice .
please stay out our rent ca n't get any higher s
i 'm not sure the dalai lama ever met an isis suicide bomber .
yeah any info would be great it would be a pretty awesome find if there is one out in the wild .
i did have a thought that it was maybe part or a promotional press kit so there must be at least a few around .
what is interesting is that acclaim had a history of coloured cartridges with the turok series and some of their sports titles .
i can only assume that nintendo were not happy with an adult game being promoted with a brightly coloured cartridge but that 's just a theory i think i 've spent more time thinking about this than its worth .
interesting find with the oot prototype would make a great post if you find out any more info .
something i 've also learnt over the years is its not what you know it 's who you know .
to anyone reading this right now i accidentally submitted an unfinished post so i 'm editing it at the moment
the way those green screen men move look hilarious .
copying android 's notification bar is n't the bad part here .
it 's an extremely convenient thing and really improves the user experience on any platform .
it 's the suing android device makers '' that was pedantic greedy and stupid on behalf of apple .
you either do n't copy features from others and do n't let them copy yours or copy from them and do n't throw a hissy fit when they do the same .
the end result of mutual copying is beneficial for the user base the one that pays you money .
they do n't need to just take away the excess before it 's baked and mix it in with some other unbaked dough .
you do n't need anyone else to be impressed because you 're impressed enough for everyone !
getting laid and partying is n't exactly rocket science in this industry !
if you want to set yourself apart drop the media douchebag act they 're ten a penny around here .
try being the best at what you do instead .
ben affleck isnt talented '' all of the films he has written and/or directed are 93 on rotten tomatoes
i saw a fighter jet crash in the middle of a city .
am i the only one who thinks it looks kinda cool ?
the regen ability means that suntide kills hailstone when attacking first 100 of the time assuming generals do n't interfere .
3 attack is decent because most early minions have 3 health .
there is some benefit to not having to attack with your hero to kill rejuvenators but consider the fact that suntide maiden is virtually infinite value as long as the enemy has no way to clear it .
suntide is better against lots of smaller units golem is better against medium creatures .
suntide gives you a ton of value if not dealt with the golem is just there .
it 's 3 free damage in most cases and then it gets removed .
personally i believe that if the meta was slower and general health less important suntides would be run in all lyonar decks .
stop trying to make blizzard go back on the removal .
to this day 28 days later is the only horror movie to give me nightmares .
i watched the movie in theaters when i was 9 and i had nightmares for probably 2 weeks .
nowadays horror movies do n't phase me at all .
they were messaging him in his real life accounts .
what happened to dresden was a war crime as well .
in youth i played with d.c. united 's academy .
spent 4 years at a small d3 school in virginia univeristy of mary washington .
4 year starter current holder of school single season shutout record .
i 'm between 6 ' 3 '' and 6 ' 4 '' and 195 lbs .
juha found me at a combine in cali right before christmas .
personally i 've felt ive been overlooked the past few years .
hopefully i 'm able to back up that thought while i 'm out here .
i got the ilse 's notebook one and it 's zone one which i can only play on my ancient all-zone dvd player not on my laptop or console .
i 'll still get these though for the official subtitles .
glad i could help i admit my responses were biased and abrasive but if you were honestly looking for contributors of this community then you might want to word your question in a way that does n't incite people to give you offensive responses .
if i were a ceo and a third party dev team created a fantastic program that complimented our own program then i 'd gladly implement it .
i 'd let them know first which is what i assume apple did anyway .
there never has been nor ever will be a law or regulation to bring down or control housing prices .
i do n't know what you expect the govt to do about supply and demand ?
to other users posting on this thread and not to the submitter of this particular thread offering on price check and question threads is not allowed .
failure to abide by this rule may result in a temporary or permanent ban .
sharking is not tolerated here and any attempt made will result in a permanent ban .
please refer to our subreddit 's rules as well if you have any doubts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensivetrade if you have any questions or concerns .
because the younger people decided what they want when they were young whereas the older people decided what they want only after they were a bit old .
this is why i want a vanvan again just for winter .
sounds like you have some experience with building pcs so it should n't be that bad .
when in doubt just google how to do something or ask here .
taking out a psu is normally 4 screws and it slides forwards .
the hardest part is mounting the cpu cooler but normally there are good directions included and depending on which cooler you get can be pretty easy .
i 've found cooler master 's mounting system to be really simple .
it looks like it says ' star map ' .
go for it id say wish you all the best of luck .
why the sudden change of heart if i may ask ?
however your submission has been removed for the following reason
already submitted this article has been submitted to r/politics within the last three days
i 'm a bot and sometimes i make mistakes .
if you have any questions about this removal please feel free to message the moderators .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/politics subject=question regarding the removal of this submission by u/dad2rosco message=i have a question regarding the removal of this submission .
military ships are usually substantially smaller than commercial ships so what you are doing with you shipyards is pretty normal i would say .
outside of my flagship my other military ships are around 50 000 tons or smaller while my freighters or terraformers can have ten times that .
leaves plenty of time to earn and use streaks .
the only thing i wish they 'd add is a standalone mercenary tdm .
using timescale will make this near instant instead of wasting hours of progress .
all i am saying is that it was not required for me .
we need to end this useless conversation right here unless you have something valuable to add .
edit 4 transcendent mercenaries in case you did n't understand that .
i enjoy seeing new planeswalkers and could n't care less about 'character redundancy ' .
they also are extremely safe with these 5 walkers .
i mean tezzeret basically got resurrected as an evil pawn and sarkhan went mad then was 'reborn from nothing ' into a temur coloured planeswalker .
elspeth was betrayed by the god who empowered her with hints of her coming back as an undead .
xenagos tried to become a god backfired on him .
theros was infinitely more interesting in terms of storyline .
the problem is that when they take it too seriously when too many people start interfering it becomes bland .
theros also had deicide and then subsequently ajani steadfast .
it did n't need a specific strategy for creative to come up with things like that .
man i have n't made a reddit comment in over 24 hours .
it was awful and i 'm never doing it again .
is jt one of the events where you can bring your pc and play for the whole time aswell ?
so with the texans probably dropping foster which running backs on the roster do you think we 'll retain and which ones would you guys like to see us pick up in the upcoming draft ?
my take if i had to pick two backs i 'd keep on the roster i 'd probably end up with grimes and hunt then drop the rest .
grimes because i think he performed better for the allotted time on field than blue or polk did .
i 'd keep hunt around because he showed some pretty decent flashes over this season .
i 'd like to see more before i write him off .
as for the draft i 'd love to see the texans draft deandre washington texas tech university because i think he 'd work well in the shotgun heavy scheme of bob .
he catches well and runs very well in open spaces my concerns about him though are pass blocking and how he does in a semi zone blocking scheme .
lost two hours of progress due to the affinity chart bug a bug which people had a month or so already .
18f here that struggles severely from seasonal affective disorder .
i was diagnosed 5-6 years ago with it and ever since have been trying to analyze my emotions and figure out if there is a pattern .
i thought i had it pretty figured out because usually i would start being impacted at the mid-end of december i 'd start experiencing feelings of apathy that would gradually become more continuous and noticeable .
then by the end of january i 'd start to feel depressed just lose a general interest in practically everything .
it is january 17th and i have been experiencing suicidal thoughts all week .
i honestly had n't thought i had even started to feel depressed yet but it hit me like a wave and i feel extreme worthlessness hopelessness laziness sadness guilt etc .
i also have been having troubles falling asleep and staying asleep for about 1.5 weeks now .
i thought it was from stress or something but even if i have no responsibilities for the following day i will lay in bed tossing and turning for about 5-6 hours .
often once i fall asleep i will wake up multiple times and have difficulties falling back asleep .
i feel as though i have no one to talk to because i do not have many friends and the ones i do have are not as understanding as i would hope them to be which i feel rude for saying but they just think i can snap out of these feelings which i really try to do but it is a process .
i try to use my special lamp as much as i can i have been exercising trying to improve my diet and going to bed at earlier times which obviously has been failing .
on top of all this i had my first panic attack since i was 10 in november now both that attack and the one i had when i was 10 were from traumatic situations but recently the whole month of january i have been experiencing attacks that are about 15mins long and involve a lot of hyperventilating sweats hot flashes sharp pains in my chest and shaking .
i looked them up online and every article seemed to mention that they tend to cause people to create a fear of things and they start to avoid certain situations in fear of having another attack so i have been trying to fight that but i will say when i first had one i stopped seeing my mom for 2 weeks because even thinking about her due to traumatic experience that involved both of us made me feel extreme anxiety which made me feel nauseated .
i also have noticed that drinking coffee which i have always drank has been causing my anxiety to skyrocket so i have been avoiding it as much as i can .
now i 'm not asking for a mental evaluation although if you can offer that or suggest anywhere i can go to get help for this i would greatly appreciate it .
but over all i am really just looking for someone to talk to as a friend .
as gel nails are becoming more popular with at home users check out r/soakoff for basics tips and swatches !
i 'd love to see more content and discussion about gel and acrylic !
guys i have started nofap in march last year and since then was having a great streak and a few smaller ones and periods of time where i relapsed constantly .
i had to reset my counter today but i am sure to quit this for good so i intend to do 365 no pmo and no pm for the rest of my life .
i will not fail and i would be happy if some of you would join me in this challenge and if so just post below
i just had a game where my opponent was afk the entire game but ... i was still raging my pants off .
i have a hunter deck with 17 attack '' cards 14 minions 3 weps and 13 spells
i just drew until i had 8 spell cards in my hand initial hand before reroll also had 3 spell cards so i had this i bet he will come back and freaking win '' idea at the back of my mind the entire game .
how on earth can you miss over half your deck for so long .
should i sacrifice a goat or a cat or something to make my luck turn ?
got offered this karambit i think it 's one of the worst fire ice right ?
i 'm thinking of building an anti-meta ripple deck since alot of players are playing ripple in my meta .
top 3 were only rippledecks last week but i 'm not sure what cards i should run in my decks and which deck is most reliable .
i follow the guides to the area in adventure mode but cant ' find the portal entrance .
i would like to ask advice on a new stack to see if people have good experiences with l-tyrosine combined with modafinil and/or caffeine .
or any advice on how to improve the stack to achieve what i am looking to do with nootropics .
any opinion advice or just sharing your experience would be very much appreciated !
short description of myself i am 25 male 172 pounds 5'8 exercise 1-2 times a week work 10-17 hours a day 5 days a week .
diet not that great often take out and sometimes not very nutritious use multi to fill in the gap .
daily multi fish oil to fill any deficiencies/improve cognitive performance .
on work days 1 l-tyrosine first time using tyrosine for dealing with stress to be less affected by stress/nervousness/pressure 2 caffeine and/or modafinil for alertness/focus/memory/thinking speed/creative/motivation to get things done well .
with just caffeine modafinil keeps me mostly alert sometimes when it is just too little sleep for multiple days moda caffeine is not able to keep me from feeling strong feeling of exhaustion .
sometimes i take sleeping pills when i really need to sleep .
more details below on specific amounts sources and brands .
caffeine 50mg 200mg caffeine in the form of coffee black tea or green tea
lack of rest 3~4.5 hours of sleep or important work days
frequency for moda days varies sometimes 3-4 days a week usually at 1-2 days a week .
somsa melatonin herbal extracts gaba 5-htp minerals and amino acids
they had sent rockets to destroy the asteroid before it collided but it ended up multiplying the number of collisions .
the end involves going back in time and convincing the people in charge of that decision to not send the rockets .
before the end stuff happens in a desert and in some sort of scientific station .
i think one of the main characters belongs to the station the other to the desert .
if you do n't want to wait you can print and view them from home !
access the ess portal https hdapps.homedepot.com/esssecurity/logon.do ? locale=en_us appurl=/essops/logon.do and on the left you can select to view your w2 .
first off i just want to apologize because i have little memory of this game.i think this game was played on the play station platform ps1 maybe .
i had it near the same time that i got the first jak and daxter .
i really only remember that there was a jet pack mission and a mission where you are on a train .
i also believe he had dreadlocks or maybe cornrows he might have had orange hair ? ? ?
i know this is extremely vague and i apologize once again .
so everyone says that when a studio or production company buys a script they buy the entire concept and the unlimited rights to use it forever in all ways .
this is always the case ever since fox bought star wars but did n't buy everything .
let 's say i write both novels and screenplays .
i wrote a novel and hayhouse is publishing it .
i also wrote a script version of the same story and disney is buying it .
i 've already sold the publishing rights to hayhouse .
if disney wants to make the movie they can only buy the film rights as i do n't have the book publishing rights anymore .
i know production companies always buy everything but what if this this the case ?
i ca n't decide what are the pros and cons of each champion and what do you prefer personally ?
i was thinking about how naruto is being continued by boruto now .
but i would have very much preferred if there was a time skip of around a 100 years in which now naruto and sasuke were the legendary ninjas just how hashirama was during naruto 's days .
would n't that have made a more better plotline and maybe we could have had flashbacks to show how naruto as a hokage inspired the whole ninja world .
and different sets of villains because the time has overly changed ?
i just want someone to save me from this misery .
i 'm exhausted all teh time but have to keep working and getting up and doing things every single day .
i do n't even get a single day of just sleep and relaxation and even if i did i do n't think i could relax knowing that i have to yet again go to work .
i honestly do n't think that life is good .
i 'm not going to kill myself but ido n't really have any hope for the future either .
life just seems like this crushing mass of responsibility .
the thing is that i do n't even work that much 30 hours per week but its minimum wage as a busboy .
i have a degree and everything but life is just so excruciatingly difficult .
i wish that i was like a logical robot that could just do tasks like phone 20 places for new jobs but instead i 'm this weak squishy thing that finds it difficult to even go to the grocery store or get a haircut .
it 's like i just want to lie down and not wake back up .
i look around me and i do n't think that i 'm ever really going to be happy .
i 'll have bits and moments but i do n't think i can afford to not work anymore or even any less than i do now as i am just barely scraping by .
i feel extremely grateful to live in a first world country but its almost like teasing me with the notion of being comfortable .
or even work 1 week and get 2 off or something .
i 'm happy and healthy when i do n't work .
last time i did n't work and was unemployed i was in the best shape of my life but i ca n't go to the gym after being on my feet for 7 hours .
i know people want to offer solutions as if there is some neat way to tie up this package but i think i just might be in a shitty situaton as most of us are .
there 's no solution here and i 'm giving up or have almost completely given up on any optimism i had for my own future .
i did some research online and have n't been able to find anyone posting pics of the results of this before so figured although it 's a pretty minor thing it might be useful for brewing noobs like me .
i have brewed two 5 gallon batches both extract only the first was an ipa kit the second was john palmer 's cincinnati pale ale .
i carbonated both using cooper 's carbonation drops because this seemed to be the easiest way to do it with least risk of messing up .
problem was i have 500ml bottles whereas cooper 's carbonation drops are designed for 330ml bottles their instructions say to use 2 drops for 750ml bottles so for a 500ml bottle i figured the ideal dose would be 1.5 per bottle .
rather than mess around trying to cut drops in half i decided to make it into a little experiment .
for the first batch i was cautious and used 1 drop per bottle .
it turned out a little flat only a slight fizz to it .
for the second batch i went for 2 drops per bottle .
it was much more fizzy closer to what you 'd expect when opening a bottle of lager so perhaps too gassy for some ale styles but it seemed to me to work well with the pale ale style .
hopefully this will be a useful point of reference for anyone else encountering the dilemma i had .
i am pleased to report that both batches were highly drinkable and am currently hungover after a night of guzzling the second batch ...
beautiful and perfect karambit doppler phase 2 max pink !
hello everyone i 'm alex i 'm 27 years old .
i 'm member of the steam community since 8 may 2005 .
i have made a lot of trades and market transactions but never trading items for real money excepted real life trades where i was meeting with the people who wanted to trade with me for real money and we go to an internet cafe take two p.c .
log in into our accounts verify account transfer keys and get paid .
this happens when the steam did n't restrict your inventory because you log in a different device .
but you can see more about me by accessing my steam profile link http steamcommunity.com/id/lolipop .
i 'm passing through a hard period of time and i need some money .
you must have days since you verified your phone number 7 .
you must send the money for goods and services .
you must confirm my offer by email from your paypal email address .
inscribed lamb to the slaughter shackled enemies killed 14 1.6
pipe of dezun this item may be gifted once sold out|40
i am looking at a calendar right now https www.runningcalendar.com.au/calendar and i would like to do rottnest marathon this year .
as part of the training i would like to do at least one half-marathon in nsw .
i am looking for something 15+km long with nice scenery in pleasant weather some hills but not too many not too steep .
i do n't want to finish covered in coloured ash .
what are your favourite events accessible from sydney by public transport and what would you recommend ?
this is an automatic summary original http www.cnn.com/2016/01/15/us/florida-python-hunt reduced by 63 .
a cash prize goes to the hunter who captures dead or alive the most burmese pythons as well as one for the longest one .
because the burmese python which can be as large as 23 feet long and weigh up to 200 pounds doesn 039 t belong in the everglades in florida or even in this hemisphere for that matter .
the burmese python is so hard to detect segelson said there are no reliable estimates as to how many of them there actually are in florida but they 039 ve been a long-simmering problem for the state .
once allowed as an exotic pet officials trace the burmese python 039 s entry into the ecosystem to 1992 when quot burmese pythons escaped from a breeding facility that was destroyed during hurricane andrew quot according to the florida fish and wildlife conservation commission 039 s website .
quot it is also likely that pet pythons have been released in and around the everglades quot it says .
the burmese python has only two natural predators one of them the american alligator is dubbed the quot king of the everglades quot by the national park service .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.cnn.com/2016/01/15/us/florida-python-hunt faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 22177 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords python 1 everglades 2 burmese 3 florida 4 park 5
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
why can all my friends smoke once a week or less when they 're hanging out but i smoke by myself everyday ?
i should n't have to quit weed forever i 'm only 17 .
why does one smoke lead to multiple times a day usage so fast ?
why do i need it so bad and act out when i ca n't get it ?
why did i make it 53 days then relapse and smoke everyday for a week ?
had so much fun so back again i love the attention i cant help it
so what better way then to let you guys and girls help me out
but do n't let that stop you from showing what you like..
i 'm a bit needy right now.. so bring it !
for some reason wd has blue drives with 4tb capacity only at 5400rpm .
at the same price i could go for wd blacks but that means only 2tb storage and a bit more noise .
1,2,3 number indicates where in the pick phase the champion was taken
i have lived in sj my entire life but never got into hockey .
i know people here are crazy about the sharks .
to someone who knows nothing about the nhl describe to me how good or bad our franchise is ?
if possible compare the sharks franchise to teams in the nfl or nba .
hi all i just finished playing through oxenfree a fantastic atmospheric horror game focused around a group of teenagers .
i 've been inspired and have all kinds of ideas bubbling around about how to run a game in that style .
however i ca n't seem to find a good system that fits my needs .
pc 's should be average teenagers with the potential to develop supernatural powers .
the game should be set in the modern era within the past 20-30 years or so .
the game should be focused more around exploration and puzzle-solving with room for the characters to enter combat with horrors .
i 've used mostly android devices over the last few years .
had the lumia 1520 for about 8 months and adored it .
had to switch back to android due to my employer 's dependence on google apps .
i was itching to get my hands on a 950xl but i 've noticed so many ms apps heading to android cortana office onedrive etc and i 'm starting to wonder what is left on the windows phone that is yet unavailable on other platforms ?
am i better off staying on android if they 're heading there too ?
hopefully someone can help me out my goal is to get the lowest float possible on these bayonets whether its the duo or just the m9
i love really low floats also interested in any other rare low float items for sale hit me up with a trade offer here http steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new ? partner=87279097 token=ny2_lqyj
whenever i do a job interview i do a lot of research to try to figure out who would be my supervisor in that position .
i then print out a picture of them i find from social media and i masturbate onto the picture immediately prior to the job interview .
masturbating onto a picture of somebody has a good psychological trick of making you feel dominant and confident over them which is very helpful in an interview .
you can do this same thing to the picture of anyone for any situation in which you want to feel less nervous .
it 's also hard to take somebody seriously as a threat when you know you ejaculated all over their photo and they have no idea .
i do it right before an interview and do not wash my hands .
at the holiday party i got a bit tipsy and i told my boss about my strategy .
he became very puzzled and asked me if i had masturbated onto his picture .
he seemed concerned so i told him it was n't a gay thing it was n't sexual it was just a psychological trick for interviews .
i told him i also masturbate on his picture prior to any performance review meeting .
anyways i have some sort of meeting with hr on monday .
yes i 'm going to masturbate onto a picture of the hr manager beforehand but no i wo n't bring it up in the meeting .
i am ashamed i told him about this though .
it 's a solid interview strategy and nothing will ever stop me from doing it or make me even consider not doing it but i will never tell anyone about it again .
tl dr told by boss i ejaculate on his picture .
i 'm 105 but when i got to 100 it basically prestiged me .
we have decided that we 're enforcing the no gender rule in posts .
this simply means we will remove any submissions that contains or mentions your gender be it in the title or body of your posts .
this will be effective immediately all posts made after this announcement that does n't hold to our posting rules will be deleted .
hopefully this will have a positive experience for all of you in the long run to find some good quality friends that wants to play with you and actually wants to be your friend .
other than that we have recently set up some spam filters we hope with these changes we can make your experience on r/leagueconnect a much better one .
we are now playing around with excel to turn this into some beautiful graphs for y'all .
after 2015 's survey was skipped this old habit is returning 2016 's survey has arrived and it takes about 5 minutes to fill out all the questions .
if this survey gets as many responses as the previous ones i am confident we 'll get quite some interesting data from it .
i have some ideas of what statistics to expect but i 'm sure there will also be some surprising results in there .
in a while once we have a high number of responses i will use some excel qlikview magic to turn this data into comprehensible charts for everyone to see .
page 4 questions for people who started as a regular relationship then became long-distance .
page 5 and 6 about how you closed the distance if you have closed it !
people who have already closed the distance please answer with how things were when you were still in long distance .
a little shout-out to u/ellybethe u/zqom and u/catsterrr for the help with compiling the questions and making the survey look good and to u/professorshanks for letting me take this over from him .
to address some issues i 've added a page for questions aimed towards people who started as close-distance and became long-distance .
the original survey had pretty much no focus on this kind of situations but it should be better now .
update one week after posting the surveys 815 people have submitted their responses !
that 's a really nice number to start working with .
i will be analyzing the results and trying to create some nice statistics from them .
meanwhile the survey remains open for everyone to respond to .
the results should be ready in a couple of weeks .
thank you all so much for responding to the survey !
i 've got 5 adafruit cc3000 wifi shields on a closed local network hosted by an apple airport express that are attempting to communicate over mqtt to a local broker .
it seems that i am unable to have more than one cc3000 on my network at a time .
i 've tested this by running two arduinos with external power with the adafruit cc3000 library buildtest '' example https github.com/adafruit/adafruit_cc3000_library/blob/master/examples/buildtest/buildtest.ino and only one will reach the stage where it is on the network and pingable .
i 've configured the network to 802.11/b/g from 802.11/n because the datasheet mentions that it supports b or g but not n. i 've also assigned each cc3000 with a static ip address on the network based off their mac addresses on the router .
i also upgraded the firmware of the boards but that caused mqtt to behave erratically .
does anyone have any idea why more than one cc3000 can not reliably connect to a network at a time ?
just tried make an unsecured guest network '' on the airport express and connecting the devices through that to my broker .
the result was different the two units could connect to the network but one the mqtt streams stopped .
in the pings which makes me think that for some reason the router thinks the two devices are the same one .
i 'm one of the many people who were inspired to run after reading born to run .
i started my journey in late 2014 and since then i 've lost over 80 pounds .
as far as running exprience is concerned i have 3 half-marathons and one marathon under my belt .
i plan on doing 4 more half marathons and one marathon this year .
keep in mind that i can finish the distance but just not very fast .
my half marathon time is around 2:20 and finished my marathon in 5:3-something .
i plan on doing the same marathon race in october this year and would like to complete a 50k that will take place two weeks after .
do you guys think this is possible for me ?
i 've researched several training programs which are similar to marathon programs .
this is an automatic summary original http www.computerworld.com/article/3023358/apple-mac/apples-mac-continues-to-buck-pc-industrys-contraction-trend.html reduced by 46 .
while the personal computer business overall contracted another 8 to 11 in 2015 apple continued to grow shipments of its mac line one of only two manufacturers in the top five to do so throughout the year according to estimates from researchers idc and gartner .
mac shipments in 2015 increased by about 6 compared to the year before idc and gartner both concluded .
the only other oem to boost sales last year was asus which according to idc grew its shipments by 1 .
apple will disclose its fourth-quarter mac sales figures on jan. 26 when it holds its next earnings call with wall street .
if idc 039 s and gartner 039 s projections for the cupertino calif. company 039 s mac shipments are accurate apple will have set a fourth-quarter record for computer sales .
apple will need to beat the idc and gartner estimates to establish a new single-quarter record for mac sales as both firms 039 forecasts for the fourth quarter are below the current record of 5.7 million macs sold in the september 2015 quarter .
mac shipments bucked the industry 039 s trend even though their prices remain significantly higher than the average .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.computerworld.com/article/3023358/apple-mac/apples-mac-continues-to-buck-pc-industrys-contraction-trend.html faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 22259 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords mac 1 idc 2 shipments 3 apple 4 gartner 5
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
i 've recently ran into problems with my gpu ending in it pretty much not working .
long story short booting my computer in anything but safe mode leads to a bsod as soon as the graphics card kicks in right after trying to load the windows logo .
ergo i 'm replacing my old graphics card with a long overdue fresh part .
the psu should be able to handle it the 970 uses 5 less watts
the 560 uses pci-express 2.0 x16 with 2x peg6 the 970 uses pci-express 3.0 x16 with 2x peg8 .
the 970 is a little over 2 '' longer than the 560 .
the 970 outperforms the 560 in every aspect as expected .
i 've only ever build my current pc and i did that with massive help of a seasoned vet .
this would be my first build even if it 's just replacing a part that i would do all by myself .
my old graphics card was connected to the pcu using 2 pci-express cables with peg8 on one end going into the psu and peg6+2 on the other end the 6 going into the gpu .
i 've been told i need to uninstall current graphics drivers to avoid conflicts before installing the new card .
from what i 've read the 970 has great performance and good bang-for-your-buck .
from what i understand this is safe and should not cause any problems .
but since i 've never overclocked anything.. is this correct ?
are there any other things i need to keep in mind ?
i 've already removed the old card reinstalled and removed it again as practice .
i 'm catching up on hillary 's superpac health records demand debacle and wondering if this is a ploy to have mud thrown as an opportunity to roll in tonight with some extended olive branch .
have the pac say some shit have podesta hrc say cut that out ! ''
and then hillary can try and take a page from bernie 's book tonight with bernie we 're sick and tired of your damn health records amirite !
in an attempt to look like the better person .
anyway just a thought and wondering if anyone else is predicting anything for tonight .
how will bernie 's new support of that gun legislation go over ?
hillary 's new neocon remarks on further punishing iran ?
i went vegan in the new year so it 's been two and half weeks .
i really do n't want it to be the change in my diet but nothing else in my life has changed other than i 've cut down significantly on cigarettes .
i was vegetarian for ten years before 2016 and slowly fased out a lot of eggs and egg products over the years so the change to my diet has n't been radical all i 've really done is drop dairy .
the strangest part is my so is getting back into body building but doing it vegan this time so he 's counting all his carbs proteins fats fibre etc and because we cook for each other/have the same meals by proxy i am also counting mine and i know i 'm getting enough of everything .
today i got out of bed at about 10:30 am had baked beans two vegan sausages two hash browns and a black coffee with one sugar for breakfast .
by 12:30 pm i 'm falling asleep on the sofa .
i struggle with depression and whatnot and i know what that tiredness feels like .
while there 's still a physical aspect to it a lot of it is emotional and mental lethargy .
this is n't that it 's not boredom either .
my eyes are heavy my legs are weak i 'm yawning i have no energy i 'm tired !
if it is my diet change is it just my body getting used to it or is there something i am doing wrong/missing/not getting enough of ?
if it 's not my diet what is it !
hi guys friday i 'm going to spend the day in london .
i 'm really excited because there are almost no vegan restaurant in my town .
however i 'm only going two or three meals including breakfast .
london offers so many options i just wanted to know which one are the best .
i 'm thinking of going to fed by water for my dinner .
this is an automatic summary original http en.institutomanquehue.org/publications/commentary/pentagon-stunned-chinese-troops-enter-isis-war.html reduced by 58 .
the kremlin have announced that china are to send 5,000 of its most elite military forces into the levant war zone to help russia in the fight against isis which has left the obama administration and the pentagon quot horrified quot .
quot china an ally of assad has committed more than 30 billion to postwar reconstruction in syria .
china regards the syrian crisis from three perspectives international law and legitimacy global strategic positioning and the activities of takfiri uighurs from xinjiang province in china 039 s far west . ''
xinjiang borders eight nations mongolia russia kazakhstan kyrgyzstan tajikistan afghanistan pakistan and india and in china 039 s view serves as a funnel for terrorism around the world and within china .
china is concerned that the turkish role of supporting the uighur fighters in syria may be extended in the future to support turkey 039 s agenda in xinjiang .
quot the fact that they have been aided by turkish intelligence to move from china into syria through turkey has caused a tremendous amount of tension between the chinese and turkish intelligence and china is concerned that the turkish role of supporting the uighur fighters in syria may be extended in the future to support turkey 039 s agenda in xinjiang . ''
as to why the obama regime is still protecting the terrorist-supporting nation of turkey and daily sending in more nato forces to defend risking world war this report notes is beyond insanity-especially when viewed of the light of turkish leader erdogan refusing president obama 039 s order to remove turkish troops who illegally invaded iraq and just yesterday turkish intelligence services assassinating another journalist naji jerf editor-in-chief of the hentah monthly for exposing erdogan 039 s support of isis terrorists .
summary source http smmry.com/http en.institutomanquehue.org/publications/commentary/pentagon-stunned-chinese-troops-enter-isis-war.html faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 22258 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords china 1 obama 2 turkish 3 report 4 turkey 5
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
fieri began his association with food in grade school in ferndale california by selling pretzels from his awesome pretzel '' cart and washing dishes to finance his trip to france to study cuisine .
8 on his return to the united states he worked at the restaurant at the red lion inn in eureka california until going to las vegas for college .
9 fieri attended the university of nevada las vegas and graduated with a bachelor of science in hotel management in 1990 .
10 11 after graduation he went to work for stouffer 's developing restaurant concepts in southern california 7 and managing their flagship restaurant in long beach california .
after three years in southern california he became district manager of louise 's trattoria managing six locations along with recruiting and training for the restaurants .
i just arrived in dublin for the week and was wondering if there was anything going on this evening sunday the 17th that some dubliners would recommend ?
i wandered around the city for the past few hours and am now at jw sweetman 's for lunch .
i believe very strongly in buddhism but there is a lot i take on faith particularly rebirth and karma .
i went in learning about buddhism very skeptically from an open-minded atheist standpoint and there 's still stuff i do n't really accept like devas and the many realms .
for much of my life i 've been very depressed and self-harming with a worldview that i 'm not better off alive .
i 've acted on those convictions several times and through chance survived those events .
buddhism has helped me very much in moving away from that worldview but i have wavered in my faith in rebirth and one of the aforementioned events stemmed from that .
in my view buddhism without karma and rebirth leads to a strong affirming of my old belief that i 'm better off dead .
what brought this up is that my therapist tried to get me to promise 3 months of me not killing myself and i ended up promising 2 weeks .
because i 'm not sure i can keep up my conviction that buddhism really is true and does n't just have some good ideas to lure you in then when you 're invested buttresses them with unsupported claims .
i need something to help me keep my faith that the buddha 's words were n't twisted or that he was wrong in some way or maybe even that the buddha was never really enlightened .
even smaller games or games with far less viewers have bigger prize pots .
even halo 5 with 2.500 viewers in the semi-finals have a 2 million dollar prize pool .
not to forget dota 2 with a way bigger prize pool .
increasing the prize pools would also stimulate becoming a pro-gamer rather then being a streamer .
i 'm on xboxone and i ca n't find a single game of anything to join ... that does n't seem right ... is something broken ?
or am i the only thing that 's broken here trying to play at 5am on a sunday ?
hello i just got time reversal through gem draw which hero should i put it on ?
so i hope that i 'm doing this the most efficient way possible .
here 's the poop ... .i have 2 companies .
one is a construction company i 'll call company a .
then i have another company called company b. i own both companies but company a is building a building for company b ... .ok ... so
when i need funding for the building in company a i create an invoice and put it under company b 's job name within company a .
then i send the invoice from company a to the bank and they deposit the funds in company b 's checking account .
i create a journal entry in company b to reflect the deposit .
so now i have the funds i need and i need to transfer those funds to company a .
then i write a check from company b to company a for the amount .
then i deposit the check into company a 's account and goto the invoice and receive payment .
this is a long painful process when you are doing everything yourself..
do you know of an easier way to do this so i can track expenses and keep the bank and accountants happy whilst making is easier for me ? ? ? ? ?
on my server i have my normal nic that is connected into my router and the internet .
i also have a logmein hamachi vpn installed that does not provide any internet access .
occasionally my plex installation tries to bind to the hamachi ip .
my question is does anybody know how to force plex to always bind to the ip that provides internet access ?
this nuthug dota at minute 1 has got to stop .
this game is so mindless and boring now it 's not even funny .
let 's all roam as 5 and mash our faces against our keyboards when we see an enemy .
fire him and hire me valve he 's clearly lost his mind .
my controls go crazy every time i open it .
when i try to hit esc my character jumps switches weapons and opens the menu .
my brother has a sort of photobooth in which he has a windows-based tablet that operates as a touch-screen to control the photobooth program but it has problems during events due to heat reasons .
he 's asked me if he could put a cpu fan inside it and i 've even suggested underclocking the tablet but i thought i would at least drop a question on here to see if anyone can help solve the issue .
we can drill holes into the back panel opposite the tablet and on the bottom .
i love all of the character 's and the death 's always hurt .
i am stuck between two camera 's right now .
the d3300 http www.amazon.com/gp/product/b00hq4w1qe/ref=s9_ri_bw_g421_i1 ? pf_rd_m=atvpdkikx0der pf_rd_s=merchandised-search-9 pf_rd_r=1zfsetgfwpd6sdvcj9e0 pf_rd_t=101 pf_rd_p=1973731842 pf_rd_i=3017941 or the d3200 http www.bestbuy.com/site/nikon-d3200-dslr-camera-with-18-55mm-vr-ii-and-55-200mm-vr-ii-lenses-black/4449701.p ? id=1219748972958 skuid=4449701 .
the 3200 comes with the 55-200mm lens for the same price as the 3300 that only comes with the 18-55mm lens .
can anyone try to persuade me which is a better deal ?
i am hoping not to spend over 400 so that is why i am deciding between these two .
i saw the stickers go insanely up in price and then go down .
do you think they will steady out at a price or continue to rise in price ?
as many of you know the playoff recap challenge event rttp is back tomorrow for the divisional round .
glad i did n't invest in signs but if you did sell !
this is my first map ever so i would appreciate any input or suggestions !
thought about this tonight ... jeff janis had 101 receiving yards on a single drive not even counting his 15-yard kickoff return !
has it ever happened that a rusher or receiver has gone over 100 yards in a single drive ?
we of course know teams do happens several times a year .
qb 's prolly do on passing yards fairly often too .
i think sam bradford might have have two 100 yard passing drives in a single game this year needs verification .
but before tonight ... has a rusher or receiver ever done that in a verifiable manner ?
quick dirty research on the internet 5 minutes is n't coming up with much .
i know little about rooting and my closest experience was doing that on an xperia u a few years ago i ca n't remember the process though .
i like most of you here have been trying to witness an l.a rams game for a while now .
i could n't believe my eyes when i saw the updates last week .
i would love to frame a frontpage article of the move the day after be it la times or other area newspapers .
basically if anyone could send me something via snail mail i would be eternally greatful .
according to the wikia adam http house-of-cards.wikia.com/wiki/adam_galloway and claire http house-of-cards.wikia.com/wiki/claire_underwood fell in love during the summer of '78 .
the wikia also says that claire was born in 1966 and adam was born in 1960 making them 12 and 18 respectively .
anyone have cs textbooks they 'd like to get rid of ?
i 'll be in 168 and 140 this spring but i 'm open to other books i 'll need down the line .
i 'm listing my chris reeve small sebenza 21 cgg enigma '' in mint condition for 350 shipped conus with tracking and insurance .
it comes with the original box and papers birth card leather case chris reeve knives sticker and the microfiber cloth .
i have only fondled the sebenza a few times and have never carried it put it in a pocket or cut anything ... it has literally been sitting in it 's box wrapped in the microfiber cloth for most of the time i 've had it .
it 's a hands-down beautiful knife and deserves to be put to good use .
feel free to pm me or comment if you have any questions or are interested .
realcbd has a ton of good reviews on etsy but i have n't heard much about them from anywhere else .
ca n't play for what i paid for ... yada yada yada .
and yeah it 's just me that 's getting connection interrupted .
i 'll drop to red bar while everyone else is 4 bar .
i keep forgetting to lock in and now my queue time is starting to piss me off its not intentional i just keep forgetting and i 've missed a lot of time because i have to wait so much .
2. the maps are small af so why tf is there sprint and thruster packs ?
i o n't wan na hear that bullshit from some r/halo kid saying but pikachu if u get shot at and try to sprint u ca n't recharge ur shields ! ''
fuck that that shit is bs niqqas run away regardless and it fucking urks the shit out of me fuck .
why the fuck does it look so ugly my god .
halo 4 was fucking shite and so is halo 5 where the fuck is the space diaper u twats
i s2g it 's like getting bxr 'd across the map by a fucking pistol .
that little shitting thing of a gun kills so fast it 's ridiculous .
same goes for the ar and smg and all the guns for the cod kids .
yall dont want me to get started on this shit .
there 's no 1-50 ranking system why tf not ?
i win 10 and lose 0 get placed in platinum 1. bruh .
i grind up to onyx just to get the fucking reset button and do it all over again and kms .
the amount of sweaty ass kids in the game why is there only one social playlist btb like bro wtf
9. they took out weapons ... . why tf would they do that ... where 's my brute shot holla
i 'm convinced that the report button does n't really do anything but make ourselves feel better .
this has happened to me for two winters in a row !
ive found the only way i can make it better is by consuming large amounts of anti-oxidant drinks like jasmine tea rooibos tea and the occasional kombucha
north african men suspected of stoning transgender women in german city https reddit.com//r/de/comments/41bwrc
i 'm lately having alot of problems with my diabetes in the gym .
i start my workout with around 170 if you use a different scale 80-120 is normal and over the course of lifting i would go down enough to start feeling low .
one time i even almost passed out before i could reach my drink which is in the locker room .
post-workout and when i get home i 'll usually be around 250 because i drank alot which just makes everything complicated..
i use an insulin pump and i take 1.2 unit every hour .
should i disconnect my pump say two hours before the workout and then i wo n't be low when working out ?
what do you guys do to avoid getting low ?
i have a nexus 6 with the google now launcher .
i typed an address like facebook.com and it opened chrome and went there .
the title says it all i want to get better so i can win more tournaments but i do n't know what to do and i often get punished for trying to do things that do n't work .
i had a guy friend recently make a joke that he wanted to go to a party just to see boobs and butts .
i think it bothers me help me find the words/response to explain why this bothers me .
hello everyone it 's been a while since my posted videos of being salty while also being banned from eic .
but i want to say it has been a week since the shit hit the fan and now i want to ask you guys something .
i had joined many groups after the deal with catnip an eic .
so after a couple days off playing elite dangerous with people in sdc and working i was given this picture http imgur.com/6h557tb
supposedly i 'm a stream sniper and have killed members of this group .
with catnip giving me the idea i mean sure it is elite dangerous after all .
all i want to say is because i joined sdc i 'm supposedly all these things .
if anyone who is new to this line of work an were thinking of joining a group just remember this stuff is not so much role play but mostly drama .
all right people of the comment section let the posting begin !
filling up my blood echos so i can buy a lot of stuff before i move onto the shadows .
just finished 11/22/63 planning on finishing it early february around when the show comes out but could n't put it down .
so far i 'd say it the stand and 11/22/63 are my 3 favorites .
mines is 4k but i already reached 4k then i said let me reach 3.5k
not sure if this pertains only to bo3 because it 's the only multiplayer game i own but i ca n't hear anyone in game even though i see the chat speaker appear .
but it seems like i can talk in chat but not sure if other people can hear me .
i 've tried resetting my xbox but and there do n't seem to be any controller updates so i 'm not really sure how to fix this
im looking for a female or couple that enjoy being used by a dom bbc .
message me here or on kik under same name .
i 'm a 30 player looking for others to play with on regular basis i 'm located on us westcoast .
over the years i 've asked a few times which framework are the best '' .
this question never fails to stir up a lot of opinionated though experienced feedback and i 'm never sold on one framework .
it seems especially for the small scale of my projects that almost any will do .
it seems that all that matters at least for my scale of projects is whether or not the community or owners of the frameworks are continuing to move forward and which framework i already have a decent understanding of in terms of concepts .
for example i 've become a mediocre magento developer over the last year which has vaguely familiarized me with zend .
if i 'm already rolling down the zend path why detour ?
for some reason foc is completely fading out when the music stops for even a small second and it looks very strange .
there does n't seem to be a setting in the setup window that will fix it so is there any ini file i can edit that would help ?
sorry for the terrible gif not used to editing and rendering in blender .
i was watching some informative videos on how to smoke certain spots in dust 2 https gyazo.com/99e3c89ff7abebad9debf8d0a1b0371d and i noticed that my shadows appear to be really light https gyazo.com/203fa5b149d51ea3d278720c649fc637 compared to the video .
both the video and the game was seen on the same monitor .
i already tried changing some in-game color settings/options but sadly none of the settings did not seem change the overall darkness of the shadow .
i 've been wanting to find a good animated web series to watch besides rwby .
if anyone would like to exchange friend codes for the safari add me .
also if anyone would be kind enough to tell me what i have in mine it would be much appreciated thanks .
i 've put in a ticket with support but it being saturday and de 's support being m-f just need to vent a little and see if anyone has any ideas on the likelihood of my account being unbanned .
today i was playing as i normally do grinding up some ranks on my new rhino prime and jat kittag awesome weapon and did a little bit of trading .
i bought 2 mods today from 2 different users .
i have never used a cheat program alongside warframe i 've only bought plat from steam .
i do have cheat engine installed for use on sp games but i 've not even ran the exe of it since september at which time i 'd not been playing warframe at all .
to the best of my knowledge i 've not been running any other programs that could 've caused their detection system to go off .
i do wonder if my account was compromised as i have not set up two-step verification .
basically just ranting a bit and freaking out a touch .
anyone who has been banned by a false detection feel free to let me know how your support ticket went and what i can expect .
the game is pretty dead since wolay do n't update the game but it still fun to play .
come play on zircon servers it 's really fun !
and for the briefest moment i had a panicked series of thoughts one right after the other
the waiter had gotten out drink order mixed up with another table .
yeah because an unsweetened iced tea looks exactly like a margarita .
interesting article but i do n't think this subreddit is the right place for it .
god not this fucking corey is a transexual '' cancerous scum
it looked to me like he just screwed up a laser .
so actually it should be even less possible to connect criminality with religion since it ca n't even be geographically placed .
without his goals last season they would have gone down
obie returned home early this morning thank you so much for offering to look for him !
my husband and i spend every single night together eat dinner and breakfast together and only do work related things apart we also regularly use each other 's phones and share an office at home .
if he were cheating it would n't be an anonymous message that would tip me off .
if i got such a message i would immediately dismiss it as a troll show it to him and we would both laugh about it .
my plan was to wait until verde comes up but i pulled him yesterday .
so for ovarall progress i 'm still lacking an immunity buffer but on the other hand i want a speed dragons team galleon .
yeah i agree about creating an effective representarive democracy .
i guess im trying to point out the although effective it was constructed with little input from the people who form the democracy .
our founding fathers were flawed like all men and held different idealogies and view points .
it 's inspiring that they were able to create a social democracy especially because it was a relatively new idea of the time .
im just poking a few holes through the inconsistency of their ideals and the way they governed .
such as everyone having inalienable rights but owning slaves .
they set the path to abolishment but were themselves guilty of some things that they condemned .
the system they creates benefited pretty much everyone in the nation but especially themselves .
a bit unrelated but also got ta say john marshall was a baws .
i 'm also lvl 24 and mobs are just melting for me .
what i do is i rush in lmb until i have full focus then i use my blindside q to enter draw stance and just rmb the mobs down and try to finish them with flash step to recover my focus .
usually mobs die before i run out of focus .
of course it probably helps that i 've upgraded my weapon to stage 5 of the second form but it 's still a lot of damage just from those skills .
i 'd suggest going to the viridian valor stone vendor in jadestone village and buying the viridian valor soul shield set there gives loads of hp and defenses .
edit also i 'm just specced into the focus recovery stuff on rush and raid lifesteal on breeze first point in honed slash and the life regen talent on block .
the life recovery stuff is just for sustain in case i pull too much and get low on life .
your call i 'm okay in trails but kinda handicapped with this character .
i kinda want to get the lead belly perk for immersion sake because i doubt my character would eat mole rat stew or whatever and he 'd rather eat some suger bombs to remind him of pre war life hell i 'd fucking do it .
running around the rooftops of london in assassin 's creed syndicate
assume the sensible rational argument is the one people will believe .
you want to get people to believe something else you need more than just that .
it takes a lot of evidence to prove what you allege .
its a possiblity but no more than that as far as we can see .
do n't get tinfoil ... or do n't reveal your power level without evidence to damn them all to hell .
haahahaah you need profit that badly ahahahahahahah nice try homie but this comment made me laugh xd
kanada sucht sich in den flüchtlingscamps die flüchtlinge aus die es aufnehmen möchte die durchlaufen ebenso einen selektionsprozess und sicherheitsüberprüfungen .
es sind auch nicht nur ein paar 1000 sondern 50000 .
die zahl wird sich auch noch erhöhen denn kanada ist auf einwanderung angewiesen .
und der unterschied in der willkommenskultur liegt eher darin dass unsere illegalen das als lästige pflicht sehen während handselektierte kanadische einwanderer wissen dass sie dem aufnahmeland was schuldig sind .
yeah and a gender equal society would be broke as fuck too because obviously we 've evolved for men to be dominant over women .
i am 44 watch my team mostly be a joke early on in life ... 85-2001 .
i honestly did not think this team would ever win ...
hbo had a show 1st and 10 '' and the rolling joke was .
'' keep fucking up and we will trade you to ne ''
i think my experience as a fan is far more fulfilling than some kid that has only known winning .
shit i always loved football and the 90s cowboys were one of my teams .
he is doing you guys a disservice at this point .
btw i have a question i 'm lvl 25 valk but i lvl up flash sword by mistake ?
ahh and when i sold my items to trading house i got half the price ? ? ? ?
1 more question should i keep changing weps or just keep 1 and lvl it up ?
we used to do this all the time as well .
i 'm pretty sure after a couple years the staff caught onto the fact we were doing this but since we went to the snack bars they did n't say anything .
i was hoping it would sound like polish but it does not .
i 'm pleasantly surprised no one 's complaining about the use of the term zero gravity '' .
sure it 's a thing it 's not that bikes are only a hobby .
some people do n't have other means of transport .
snow is n't actually that bad of a surface to ride on it 's like mud and people ride dirtroads all the time .
so it 's not really a problem as long as you have some nobby tires .
ice however well that 's another category ice is evil especially black ice https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=efiw2k8gasm .
the article 's tone reminds me of a communist '' friend except he uses money and as such i typically refer to him a socialist whom agrees with marx 's money principals those being that because with money it is possible for some people to extract profit as middlemen such as with banking services and wall st services via market fluctuations ... it makes sense not to use money ... yet use of money spontaneously comes into existence repeatedly in human history despite service fees because i believe it is wholly beneficial due to the drastic increase in potential trade .
coming from the corporate world my assumption is that purely economically wall st and banks ought to have functional net profit approaching zero as they are infinitely competitive industries modifiers/multiples and barriers to entry such as min fed apr licensing and sec rules aside .
my retort to my marxist friend is that if he ever is hungry and regarding his principal refusal of usd i 'll happily mail him a box of potatoes ... and if a box of potatoes is not convenient or he matures i 'll suffer whatever taxes and fractional bank fees in order to send him a currency other than potatoes ... haha
regarding his point and mmt specifically please correct me if you believe the following is wrong
the governments ' or any entities ' abilities to change the value of it 's currency considering currencies purely as trade mechanisms lies within the laws yes the laws set dictating the degree to which that entity can induce relative change in the currency though i also disagree with the article statement like you that these laws are not explicitly the definition of capitalism they perhaps can be considered existing as result of the degree of state currency insurances and/or degree of socialism via taxes ... a good example of this is min fed apr and though quite positively the government 's economic policy is in the best interest of the land and equity owners of entities residing within the government resulting in policies intending the stabilization of extreme growth or recession .
however if the government gets crazy with it 's policies regarding it 's dollar people will suffer the fees in transacting in a competing currency or ultimately move their business to another country .
thus the power of the entity to manipulate currency via borrowing internationally from citizens taxes tariffs lending rates etc .
can be represented simply as it 's delta in safety language geography etc .
in this way mmt is simply functional reality of currency competition and certainly the power of value change is not infinite .
i 'll be online in a bit then ign christian
so soap basically dissolves the oil by splitting it apart bit by bit and surrounding the bits with a slipery envelope so the water a solvent can will them away .
is there anything special about laundry soap with regard to cold water ?
michael fassbender http 45.media.tumblr.com/cbb59c62ff00fe405ed2c88db131c824/tumblr_nh3locmy2t1rpa5uxo1_500.gif as isaac clarke http static.giantbomb.com/uploads/original/2/25628/2432174-12323.jpg from dead space franchise .
your skill is interchangeable when you out of combat .
you could add a mk16 crew cabin a hitchhiker storage unit or a mk2 crew cabin as a few ideas .
there are n't any stock modules that are just there to give the kerbals something some space .
you might want to look into possible parts through your mods or finding a mod that adds extra habitats stuff for kerbals .
one coworker grabbed an employee who was stealing and got fired because the amount that the thief could sue us for if they had been injured was orders of magnitude higher than the price of the item .
we 're supposed to just call the police except recently i heard that their telling us that we 're allowed to go as far as following them outside and taking a picture of their license plate if we 've already alerted someone else to call the police .
yes it is called global position '' right now however the mapsharing feature seems to be broken .
because you win the first toss and then under protest of the losers of the toss its tossed again without talking about it with anyone and you then lose ?
you do understand that all i said was that 2 billion dollars is not enough to set up a production chain on par with that of established hardware giants and especially so within the limited timeframe do you ?
i 'm not sure why you 're getting so upset over someone pointing such a fact out that you feel inclined to insult them .
haha nope it 's been a lot of fun to see you and simon compete .
i find it so cool that people take them time to master any of my levels like that and it 's an honor to have that kind of talent competing in there .
he has set the bar ridiculously high with his 21.894 second run .
and at least the game has been smart enough to keep the difficulty showing as medium .
the clear rate is now 11 but at one point it was 8 which is pretty crazy for this kind of level lol .
yeah but i do n't agree with your comment with would n't wait so i wanted to make it blatant .
someone that wants a 390 or 970 would appreciate these cards more then anyone if they are truly latest cores .
when he mansplains things that i am clearly the expert in .
i have a masters in corporate communication and work in corporate environment .
this guy who i literally met within 5 mins in a completely diff line talked shit about my company and advised me to shift around the corporate structure and reporting lines because 'it will make the company better '
to be fair nobody expected a politician to get so far running on honesty.
why did groundhog day repeat over and over again and why did the repeating suddenly stop ?
bendalong beach manyana beach rennie 's in ulladulla always has a wave sand mines in bawley is consistent tabourie beach as well .
go for a drive up to ulladulla and check out the beaches along the way .
its only 30 mins north of the bay and bendalong is another 30 mins past ulladulla .
heaps of spots to camp out in your car .
i have slept months in my car around those areas and never had a problem..
i 'm going down there for australia day it would be funny if we bump into each other at the beach .
to be fair to her some of my favorite cheeses are the saltiest ones .
i do n't know the exact details but it was a mix of both his brother and footage from older movies .
any democracy no matter how corrupt is still much better than china .
try testing again in a few days first thing in the morning .
i really like the marshal lily barney and robin '' are all the mother .
and i definitely agree that barney and robin should have stayed together they are much better than ted and robin
how long did it take for people to refer to 2.0 as vanilla ?
the question being would the cost in additional taxes be a greater or lesser burden than the insurance premiums people are currently paying out of pocket ?
the gtx 970 is the bane of pcmr 's existence so you may have come to the wrong place .
yes your right.. and could you help me with my tournament team ?
ca n't seem to post it in the teambuilding treath ...
natürlich darf man sachen beim namen nennen aber du bist da grade einfach nur voller vorurteile .
du kennst diesen mensch nicht weißt nicht wie er vor der straftat und nach der straftat drauf war/ist und in wie fern er sich in den 7 jahren geändert hat .
trotz allem sagst du ohne dich jemals mit ihm unterhalten zu haben er sei nicht nett .
well despite that massive surge in numbers and overwhelming support for corbyn corbyn 's approval ratings from outside the party have never even inched past anything better than dismal .
it also depends on where you are defending or what attacking plan your team wants to use
i could see some pentesters having a blast with this and maybe even do some war flying .
find the physical location of aps absurdly fast compared to say doing it on foot .
boom you can say what you want but our welfare system is far from shit .
this leads me to my biggest gripe in competitive magic too many people netdeck and there are nearly enough people trying to brew their own .
accepted and if you and neptunusequester are still here then i may have a full group .
porzingis drafted 4 for his superstar potential on both sides he is absolutely a player you build a team around .
will be donating as soon as i 'm home and am not on mobile .
i 'm from missouri and i think that the saddest part of this is how many people bite into this obvious hook .
he 's a terrible human being and would be an utter disaster as president .
we have issues too killing each other with guns is n't one of them .
ftl dungeon of the endless dark souls kinda ... ca n't think of any others off the top of my head .
honestly you 're relationship with allah should come first .
my body type is the perfect type for weight lifting .
instead i do lots of cardio and body-weight exercises .
you eat only as much as your body needs nothing excess .
yes your gains might suffer a bit but is that more important than ending this habit ?
in fact with all the excess calories you gain you loose much more after pmoing .
so if you control your diet nafs and pmo you 'll actually gain more/feel and look healthy .
how the fuck did anyone think that was a catch ?
outdoor products sells an all black nylon back pack with a rigid foam frame which did me beautifully when i went down to mexico .
i could carry an eight inch chuck a dozen 24mm sockets laptop and wrenches .
then pens and other civilian bs in the small pockets .
i 'm gon na take a wild guess and say your psu is a no-name and does n't put out half the wattage it claims to provide .
i think what op is saying is that he was approaching a green light noticed a cop waiting to turn to go in the same direction .
he slowed down to allow the cop to go first .
idk if it 's overtly illegal enough for a moving violation but it is a very strange thing to do .
a car slowing down at a green light especially in the presence of a cop could indicate an impaired driver .
so all the praises that one piece gets comes from the manga ?
as for why watch the anime it 's just for fighting series sometimes having movement is better not that the manga would n't do it justice but some mangas have difficulty conveying what happens in a fight and an anime can do it .
hercules and ares are both real characters in the marvel universe
the ult is just regular ult that holy fuck people got whiny about everything ...
since guys do n't traditionally get asked out we do n't worry too much about the medium i doubt he 'll think anything of it .
if you are absolutely worried about how it will look just preface it with something like so i feel like a total dork for asking this over facebook but would you like to go out on a date sometime ? ''
vulnerability as long as it does n't seem attention-hungry or desperate can be cute .
i know the catch rule is convoluted beyond all recognition but having the ball with two hands taking four steps and falling out of bounds is a no brainer .
game threads for big games and smaller games too to an extent although they tend to be more civil is full of people reacting in the heat of the moment with lots of bias so it 's basically a guaranteed saltfest .
i just flat out refuse to shoot fake zb 's .
there is no os associate other than 1 guy who only works truck 3 days a week .
we havent had a closing os associate in like a year and a half .
so i would only shoot 1.5 every time if i single handedly filled the holes myself .
so my gm told me not to do them anymore !
now my am does it and i just give him a hard time about it .
we lose out on sales cause nothing is on the shelves because we have no hours to put stuff on the shelves .
she can come do it herself on her own time .
yeah kneeing a takedown was cool as fook skilful and looked cool also good way to stop takedown spammers do n't think you 'll be able to in ufc 2 though hopefully you can but doubt it
you 'll need a pair of bolt cutters to go with those scissors .
i 'm real tired of the corner twists on my guanlong .
i had my bag cut a few years ago and it was way grosser looking .
for the love of god heed the doctors advise and stay on the couch with ice on it til it 's better .
i did n't like working 7-5 on a saturday but i get to watch the game with what seems to be civil fans from the other team .
so does this guy take their kids out and not tell his wife where they 're going ?
totally didnt mean to sound like i was labeling you or anything i just know this is a dream for speedsofting haha
edit or maybe people who point out the hypocrisy of only giving a shit about trans women when it let 's your xenophobia and racism shine !
why are you sucking up to us and the warriors ?
i definitely saw a lack of confidence going into the turn .
so i guess that combined with the physical factors may have contributed .
to me that means you were thinking too hard about your current move .
one thing i 've learned is that if you 're thinking about what you 're doing right now you 're doing something wrong .
need to always think ahead and let your instincts handle the present .
unfortunately i have to wait until spring before i can get back to practicing that .
you explined my best friend perfectly with the rich kid discription
might as well go all the way and go doorless as well .
clean up only takes 3-4 hours for the interior .
as much as i joke about dragon quest i hope his back is n't giving him sever issues
in the book it was sent early so martinez could land it and it was the last thing they did before they went down to the surface .
also the book says it takes 18 months to make the fuel .
what i enjoy most is getting people great coverage for an affordable price .
i have some very interesting personal articles policies written too .
i decided to be in sales because sales is all i know and did n't want to get a 4 yr degree when i got the shot at the job .
all i 'd have to say to someone looking to make a career change is buckle up .
you have a lot to learn and work comes in faster than it can come out .
i used a local professional training center 4 day class to do pc lh and i 'd recommend doing it with a great instructor but it could easily be done online or by book .
hell of a game cards are my favorite if the pack lose
well the climate is always changing the earth goes through natural cycles of warmer and cooler .
heck if it snows at my place tomorrow that could be considered climate change because it did n't snow today .
i do something different and find something new every play through .
i live in the us and people in my region do leave their dogs outside during the workday and all night .
my neighbor does n't allow her two dogs inside the house .
at least they are put in the garage at night .
i also dogsat for a couple who leave their golden retriever outdoors all day .
they told me it was fine to leave her outside the whole time .
i had her inside with us and played a lot with her all throughout the day .
i ca n't get it in the form of ky/x .
i dunno man here 's to hoping there was a misprint so i get the credit xd .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it either violated rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 or rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 .
please check that your post does n't contain the following issues
your own answer to the question goes in the comments as a reply to your own post .
your post will not be approved unless your own answer is removed from the text box .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title .
your post ca n't be specific to your situation or involve a story .
please make sure to depersonalize your question and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true that fits within the rules .
when you 've removed the answer or unnecessary context from the textbox message the mods for review and reapproval http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+under+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/41bw0o/am_i_the_only_one_in_the_world_who_is_creeped_out and ask the moderators to re-approve it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
you 'll be fine that sounds perfect for the type of interview you 're going to .
if your skin in general is getting better but your break out zone has gotten significantly worse then i do n't think it 's a product sensitivity issue or what some people are saying that your benton stuff has spoiled people like to say this a lot as if it 's the only possible explanation .
otherwise it would n't be just your forehead which is already your usual breakout zone .
depending on how often you 're using the stridex it could be that .
i would n't recommend a ph adjusting toner as you 're not using one at the moment and the stridex is already being effective and potent perhaps too effective lol as it is if your breakouts are coming out more .
ph adjusting toners lowers your skin ph to a more optimal level for the acids so they can be more effective .
it can still be purging but that depends on how long you 've been experiencing it .
if this has been happening for a few months i 'd probably lower the usage on the stridex especially if it 's daily and see how things are .
but if this is just your first month of using stridex then i 'm inclined to think it 's purging .
also sometimes using vit c which is pretty potent along with an aha and then a tea tree essence as well causes skin to be too drying and thus itchy .
so if this has been going on for a while i 'd probably fiddle with the number of times i use in a week for those or maybe separate them in application like vit c one day stridex the next .
ca n't believe we even had to challenge this in the first place ...
i think we 're still friends on your other fc from when i was active like a year ago ...
i find it weird we will even have 'garbage time ' .
as far as i 've come to know there 's huge discrepancies between rural and urban iran as far as progressiveness goes .
we welcome high effort discussion-promoting posts that benefit the community device reviews guides discussions and rumors and not the individual support questions rants customer service complaints selling/trading devices etc . ''
additionally you might be interested in joining our irc channel
if you would like to appeal please message the moderators by clicking this link .
http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fandroid subject=about my removed submission message=i 'm writing to you about the following submission https www.reddit.com/r/android/comments/41c6rb/moto_e_2nd_gen_android_50_app_screen_changed_how .
how would you fingertrick this f2l 37 http algdb.net/set/f2l/f2l 2037 minimizing regrips ?
i love all those things except i hate black licorice .
there 's a distillery that makes an aquavit a spirit out of primarily fennel cardamom and anise .
so you sit here and call someone an idiot '' because of how they choose to spend their money ?
seems like a strange way to waste your time because you clearly do not like razer or their products .
let a woman say this about ball sweat and then i will pipe down
on another note i had no idea those things charged a commission .
perhaps tellers would prefer exchanging by 361.70 in pennies and nickels manually instead ...
i mean still better than being a chiefs fan but i 'm always disappointed for a while after a post season loss .
so yeah i might feel sulky even a few days later but i 'm still not sending idiotic pms
well considering half of the netherlands is below sea level this is n't any different .
most of the country has pumps installed that run 24/7 keeping water levels a few meters below ground level .
i do n't think you have actually seen the sub
all i can say is when i see a reference to hardly ever being serious '' i nope out .
yeah not to mention the way periods stop and start based on shit like if you are stressed or not maintaining a good level of body fat or like right after you have a baby and shit like that .
bring a large external battery pack to keep you going all day .
the anker 13000mah pack worked well for me but you might want a spare just in case especially if you have a more power hungry phone .
buy a csgo exchange access past and search it u clown
i just downloaded 60 of them from imgur before realising you uploaded to mega facepalm .
ah well awesome collection op been needing some wallpapers for a while .
if you dragged someone into a garage and shot them 11 times there 's going to be blood in more than a 9 foot square area .
i do n't see the series anymore but this is the first movie i mentioned .
berserk the golden age arc i the egg of the king http www.netflix.com/title/70258995
you have to be signed in to netflix usa for the link to work .
honestly i do n't know dude edit 1 is just blind assumption .
jews are gg brain people and we should learn from them .
if you 're going to try and say i 'm breaking the first rule then try reading the fifth one first .
i get 90-120 fps but it still looks the exact same .
but my point is it 's a very clicky town .
you do n't try to befriend family or friends of enemies .
what is the point of switching from chakra to kaos ?
putting foreign material into your body is always going to run some risk esp .
stoners who claim its completely benign are ignoring alot of obvious indicators that cannabis smoke has adverse effects on the lungs just cuz its burnt plant material .
however when combined with edibles and vaping cannabis is one of the safest psychoactives on earth .
excluding adverse reactions to certain people safer than cigs caffeine paracetamol and alcohol the 4 most commonly used substances on the planet .
i thought you could n't use two at once if both pcs are ingame ?
they are little crystals or balls or even shapes that expand with water .
you can find many manufacturers online but locally miracle grow or the brand i use but ca n't recall the name will likely be available .
some use these in addition to thier soil but many common houseplants love these and develop beautiful roots in it .
thanks and i am working with a therapist on it .
i have kind of been stressing over it still and i wanted some more advice from other viewpoints .
my american indian not indian-american great grandmother refused to get indoor plumbing of any kind even a kitchen sink and used a series of trenches she refilled and turned over in and around her garden until she was bedridden and forced to use a chair pot .
her daughter my grandmother moved in to take care of her and had a bathroom put in and a kitchen sink .
i meant if you compare them to the 3 or 4 last event this rush boss was seriously the easiest
sara everyone of you sad dumb wankers that frequent that sub is just as insecure as an entire classroom filled with teenagers .
so when you jenny make your pervy flirty comments all your buddies try to make sure that the comment gets buried to make a chance with m'lady '' ..
anymore questions newbie before i try to poor bleach into my brain for thinking that aloud ?
the whole c-section and then getting up an running is ridiculous .
i had this drop for me as well it 's pretty fun to use .
i renamed it protagonist 's pistol '' to pay homage to the bottomless mags and cylinders main characters have in movies never having to reload .
as far as i know hugo boss suits are fused so i would n't go nowhere near them even for a price of 500usd .
for that price a much better choice would be suitsupply .
um wondering what will be the total number of bps required to have it 7 starred o.o
they later nerfed dark sight by canceling it and giving it a short cooldown when you avoid a hp damage attack .
i admit i 'd tend to panic fire in bad situations and my aim was all over .
as highanddryonastaroth says try lowering your mouse input sensitivity it helped immensely with my aim if the setting is too high your aim gets quite twitchy and less accurate while whipping the mouse around in heated combat .
if you 're in a fairly close quarters firefight try not to right-click aim if you are that is .
the animation to bring the weapon up only takes time away from firing .
my original solution i s**t you not was to draw a cross hair on my monitor with a biro .
next step i started using a free program which allows you to draw your own rectical on screen .
a lot of people will claim it 's a bannable offence or unfair advantage blah blah .
i 'm unsure how dbg view this they 've never said no to in in other threads so i gave it a go .
i basically use it to change the 1 pixel of white to 1 pixel of yellow just to make it more visible .
anyways as with most games it 's just practice and familiarity with it 's individual gun mechanic .
im 95 sure that the 'self sacrifice ' was her actually just throwing the swimsuit traitor girls to the police so she could get away unseen .
yeah because in between you editing your posts and the terrible english it was impossible to tell that you were talking about the na version .
unfortunately you can edit your posts but not the multiple responses from people correcting you because they did n't understand you either .
there is honestly a new story of etremists murdering or kidnapping people every time i open r/worldnews .
maybe your not getting enough nutrients or drinking enough water ...
just wait until he 's has all guys around him that have to be respected and a 2nd option that can go off in the pick and roll .
the way phil used pau bynum lamar is going to be jah joel dario .
we do n't need to fit to the damn league we will have enough talent to go out and play how we want .
how can you be expected to find out the motive and all that information about someone else your only job should be to show reasonable doubt and if you can do that the guy should get off .
if you work in it in an environment where you see colleagues a lot carry a network cable or some tools around with you .
most people assume you are busy and leave you alone the ones that still bother you most likely have a genuine issue .
join me on horde in gorefiend us i got a guild for you !
i guarantee you the remaining team members as a unit are making the decisions here .
it 's not just sunsfan declaring they will pick up players of his choosing .
the players on the team know better than any of us who they want to play with and who they think they will play well with .
mutton lettuce and tomato with the mutton sliced real thin .
but if nothing else watch the aria run because so many things go so hilariously wrong including the discovery of a useless but very entertaining bug in the golden lute fight .
so you have seen the movie ... what do you think ?
edit1 what parts are incorrect and which parts are correct i dont want answers telling me its right or wrong i want examples to see that its right or wrong .
this also works for season passes at ski resorts except vail resorts in most cases unless you have that persons info memorized
celebrating one 's 160th birthday is not unusual it is utter bullshit .
i think there is classes near me and i want to look into it at least
kane is many things underrated is not one of them .
if ritsu could guarantee a trip to ti6 he would probably sign him
we welcome high effort discussion-promoting posts that benefit the community device reviews guides discussions and rumors and not the individual support questions rants customer service complaints selling/trading devices etc . ''
additionally you might be interested in joining our irc channel
if you would like to appeal please message the moderators by clicking this link .
http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fandroid subject=about my removed submission message=i 'm writing to you about the following submission https www.reddit.com/r/android/comments/41ce28/just_released_my_latest_android_app_hit_the .
i 've only been on one cruise and it 's gon na stay that way .
i 'm prone to really bad motion sickness so i was taking anti-motion sickness medication made sure the room was on the lowest floor of the ship and closest to the middle and i brought along every non-medical preventative measure i could find on cruise boards such as green apples dry crackers ginger gum etc .
i was even taking the medication ahead of time so that it would be in my system .
first day on the boat i take a pill around 7 am board the ship around noon and everything 's fine and dandy for the few hours before we set sail .
it 's october and the waters are really rough so around 5 pm i start reaaaaaaaaalllyy feeling the motion of the boat and pretty much run down to my room to lay down .
i realized my pills were n't going to get me through the cruise so my sister goes to the infirmary with the hope that their pills work better .
you 're supposed to take them every 12 hours .
i was around hour 11 by this point so i take the new pills ... and regret it almost immediately .
not only was i dizzy and nauseated beyond belief now thanks to the pills i felt like i was legitimately going to die .
i was lapsing in and out of consciousness for about 5 hours .
during that time i would cycle between shivering so badly my entire body was violently shaking to about 2 minutes later not exaggerating i would be drenched in so much sweat it felt like someone had poured water on me repeat .
my heart was racing and my limbs kept going completely numb ... like not asleep .
i mean they honestly felt dead as if they were n't there anymore .
i felt pretty rotten for most of the next day but the following 2 days were shockingly fine .
still though it was terrifying and i never want to experience anything like that again .
err lem me see if my y even has one .
lem me finish this trade and i 'll check should be only 3-4 mins .
ok im not really complaining about the trailers since they do n't seem to ruin the movie and show off what it is .
im complaining about the posters that look fucking stupid .
they have ones of shots of his ass ones of his junk one thats all emojis and ironically one where they advertise it as a romantic comedy
people who do n't know deadpool do n't know what the hell this is .
alot of people are turned off because it just looks like a dumb movie .
itll make back its small budget but im serious when i say to expect bad reviews .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules .
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=help+related+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/41bd08/whats_the_cleverest_pen_name_for_a_dinosaur .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
even though we 're getting slaughtered i have him on my fantasy team so i guess that 's something .
as long as brady and belichick are together we should make the playoffs .
are you max leveled and geared on launch day ?
we have no idea what their release schedule will be .
even if ncsoft releases it 3 times as fast that 's still a year 's worth before we catch up .
what they are good for is releasing the game in english so many more people can play and with decent ping .
honestly i feel you 're just finding things to complain about .
if this was n't an mmo and a stand-alone single player game would you complain about the lack of content ?
rejection sucks especially if it 's from people who are close to you .
but if they 're only accepting part of you and are n't willing to accept the rest that says more about them then it does about you .
you 're not my patient so i ca n't really speak on your gender dysphoria diagnosis .
if you felt eager at one point it at least means that there 's something you 're compelled to explore and that you 're looking to become whole .
there 's a lot of people who worry about that .
they worry about if they 'll be able to have sex if they go on hormone therapy .
they worry if they 'll be able to have sex if they have bottom surgery .
they worry if they 'll still be able to achieve orgasm .
all of those things are legitimate thoughts so do n't feel like you have to downplay them .
fetishization of something usually revolves around sexual objectification of a thing .
so if your only pull towards this is sexual gratification it 's possible .
but it does n't sound like that 's the case .
for me being non-gender identified non-binary genderqueer or whatever you want to call it ... it is n't a problem .
he is indeed a cheater with a lot of multiaccounts must say most annoying kid in lithuania
you should always strive to help people in need but with that said denmark is a small country with an already high cost to just support the current inhabitants so i do not see it as a plausible solution that we take in as many refugees as we can .
once they are actually in denmark or any other northern european country they would of course have to conform to the rules laws and norms of said country and if they are incapable of doing so repetitive offenders etc .
just got the fish path from basement where my com gear is to the attic .
it is a possibility but the fact that she knows op wants to date her and is still waffling instead of just telling her she 's not sure would be a red flag to me .
i can see that you have a couple figures that could be from sets from the adventurers theme the egypt subtheme specifically based on johnny thunder and slyboots .
i also see director cameraman and stuntman figures which are from the studios '' theme .
the green arctic '' guy is probably from 6626 6577 or another arctic '' set .
the guys with the red masks are islanders from the islanders '' subtheme .
they were part of the 90s pirates '' theme .
the ones you have could be from 6262 although that 's just a guess .
some of your pirates could be from those sets too .
brickpedia is a great place to look at some of themes and figure out exactly what sets you have .
i mean seriously how hard is it to poach a goddamn egg ? ''
i got an it job at a major pharma company simply by knowing what dhcp was .
he 's giving a post game interview and by all accounts seems fine even talks about how much work needs to be done between now and next week .
that 's not a burn pattern that 's a bunch of bronchioles in the grass .
the part of space oddity between the 5 and the 1 .
i have a painting of peyton manning of the denver broncos side by side with the buffalo bills oj simpson .
it 's titled oj simpson and a slow white bronco ''
at this point the interpolated colors for 1080p content are already decided .
the uncompressed 1080p is the same size regardless of source .
if you 're talking about 4k scaled to 1080p and compressed vs 1080p compressed the result is once again the same .
lol right before he popped up i yelled out cal ! ''
alice i 'm going to ask you instead what you need advice about .
then i 'm going to pull cards for those three questions .
if i have a playlist full of it for playing games .
it 's on youtube atleast https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=pgo9azafax0 and holy fuck it 's gorgeous !
we can hardly blame them for taking actions we would have taken ourselves .
i can and do blame them for replacing the shah with a despicable theocracy .
if we set this precedent of no offtopic content say goodbye to historical pics discussion and videos because they are not wows content .
this is not your sub and it is not against the rules to post off topic things in the comments .
stop being passive aggressive and simply do n't click on it if you do n't like it .
you do n't step in a pile of shit on purpose then start to complain that your foot has shit on it and it smells .
another off topic video that is not wows content but i bet you 're not going to go yell at that guy are you ?
you should have shouted something more appropriate like aaaawwww butts ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ''
third trimester hit me like a fucking freight train .
i went from thinking hell ya i got this to holy fuck i 'm so done in a matter of 2 weeks .
i have n't been able to sleep at all this week because of back pain but you listed all of the things i 've tried .
tylenol actually worked the best for me but i do n't want to have to keep taking it .
hopefully now that the muscles have had a chance to relax it wo n't go back to being excruciating .
i finally booked one for tuesday and i 'm really kicking myself for letting it get to this point before booking .
i wanted to be preventative but instead i procrastinated .
i 've had enough experiences to know they are not walking a path of truth '' in knowing who we really are .
words ca n't properly convey what i mean.. the tao that can be spoken of is not the eternal tao '' .
for everything action there is an equally opposite action .
in that good and bad cease to exist and our attachment to these words becomes awfully grey .
when asked a question the dalhi llamas favorite saying seems to be i do n't know '' usually followed by some deep insightfully relevant answer .
i do n't know if this is related to your request but it should help identify reagents and effects without even picking them up morehud http www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/51956 ?
my favorite chill out '' brewery with some great beer .
really excited for their wild yeast stuff to start getting more distro .
a lot of the recipes are for 4-6 people so you can either make the whole thing and portion it out for leftovers of halve the recipe .
furthest i have come is uploading a video just for it to crash .
tapping a finger against her chin jay looked up at the ceiling before nodding to herself .
it 's been a while since i made tacos but i think i can manage it .
should n't be too hard to make them from scratch either . ''
it 's basically a bit of a twist on holy light 2 mana for 6 damage protection .
strikers ridge is pretty close w varying lengths of trails .
are you saying that anytime someone goes into prostitution because they are penniless it is abuse ?
yes if they do n't really want to and feel they have no other option i do believe that .
what makes sex different from working in the fields all day or shoe shining for pennies ?
i would consider someone trying to pay a 14 year old refugee to work the fields all day abuse as well .
i had downloaded it a couple of months ago but ended up uninstalling it as needed the space .
better chance to beat the panthers if they win i like it .
although i kinda want them to meet the patriots in the super bowl and lose to them again .
i remember the next year they were n't as good so the fans just went back to watching the acc .
i do n't know the details of where she stands with the congregation but i doubt she 's not in good standing .
she 's been in the church for years no one in her immediate family attends church and well i do n't know what else to tell you .
if you look at u/munchaluncha 's comment he/she has the same situation going on in southern california aside from the christmas thing .
path to exile http gatherer.wizards.com/handlers/image.ashx ? name=path to exile type=card .jpg g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=path to exile mc http magiccards.info/query ? q ! path to exile
i said that that would increase the chance of a type-1 error without proper correction .
i should have indicated instead of the expected number of type-1 errors the probability of any type-1 error 1 0.95^n where n is the number of tests performed .
by complexity i just meant that op would have to chose a correction method like bonferroni correction in addition to running a t-test .
i quit buying and selling cards around mut 2012 because the only way to do it was scroll through the dreaded ea forums and hope the other guy 's credibility was true .
well first of all i am not from us .
as a social democrat myself i kinda agree on sanders .
trumph seems more of a bigot with a more xenophobic type of policy .
trumph is more of a fatcat with big promises that only end up benefitting himself and a few rich people rather than society as a whole .
crime is only illegal if there is a law against it .
there 's no way you could't be able to sue a hospital or medical office for giving you aids .
i put it on after my other actives if i used any and let it sit half an hour then cover with a hydrocolloid bandage .
i was rooting for you over the pats ... fuck the pats ... .
the thing i hate the most about the new hud is the bullet indicator of where the bullets are coming from .
we gathered a bunch of idiots that ca n't tell the difference between a chevy and a bmw ''
na cs is the most entertaining purely cuz i have no idea whats gunna happen next
whenever you go hiking in the woods make sure you wear a little bell against grizzlies which scares off most of the bears .
also always watch out for grizzly dung on the trail .
it is easy to recognize it there will always be a small bell in it .
the sir lights are just si senor '' but without seno '' which a quick google tells me has a giggle-worthy meaning in spanish ... so there 's that .
when i watched it i noticed marissa looked very familiar .
hopped on fb went to one of my boston friends pages and found her .
i 've met her before too and i 'm from ct .
her death was really sad she was hooked up to machines for a few days with no brain activity going on and her dad kept demanding tests .
fet got her but arianna first one to die i think was suicide .
this is the only docu that got into my feels .
that wispy fag mustache your tight ass shirt and your gay ass team make me think you probably have a glory-hole with your ass 's name on it in the blue jays locker room .
there were many divers arriving by the time we finished little brother .
okay so here is what i got so far check the imgur albums and you 'll get the recipes .
recipes from being 5 months on keto http imgur.com/a/hbr3i 0
recipes from being 9 months on keto http imgur.com/a/pskd7 0
other links that i 've posted on here that you might like https www.reddit.com/r/ketorecipes/search ? q=carlinha1289 restrict_sr=on sort=relevance t=all
you can also google keto meal plan '' and you 'll get a few results .
i know some are n't great but try and see if you can find one you like .
i 'm sorry for the long delay i was pretty sure i 'd be done by now .
i assume you want to make a music pack not a sound pack ?
if you want to make a full sound pack first off ew .
third good luck since if you have trouble with pm itself then you 're going to have a lot of trouble with this .
you can convert any song from mp3 or wav format to brstm the brawl music format using some programs .
if you want to ask others for help with that part you can go to r/brstm or smashboards both of which let you request brstms and others will help you make them .
the smashboards thread is called the giant brstm thread or something its under custom content in the pm forums .
you can also grab things off of brawlcustommusic.com or ask other people to send you their music packs and cannibalize the parts you want .
as for actually turning those files into a music pack there 's a lovely program called brawl song manager which you can find here http www.lakora.us/brawl/songmanager
i think its pretty self-explanatory but just in case i 'll try and explain what you do with it .
i strongly recommend you make a copy of your pm stuff and do all of this on your computer not directly on the sd card .
now you can go through and select any song in the game on the left .
its name should appear on the top right which you can edit .
now drag whatever brstm file you want to use into the box on the right and it should fill with data .
also the name of the song slot on the left should now have an asterisk next to it to indicate there 's a custom song there .
when you 're done go to tools update menumain and when you exit tell it to save .
now deleted everything from your sd card and copy your build wholesale over to your sd card .
never got diarrhea from it maybe i am lucky or strong immune system .
two hail mary 's in one season i do n't think that 's ever happened .
but this one is by far the best of the two .
my good friend is a huge snl fan and for some weird reason has n't seen star wars yet so i was checking for him .
you 're comparing this to emo kids in the west cutting themselves ?
guys im really sorry but im hammered from the packers game so please forgive the vulgarity
kana go for the guy that 's actually interested in you !
some of the dubstep sounds rather nice when its calm like that .
taking inspiration from man of steel 's fights would actually be a good start i really really want the fight to look great and while the winter soldier had amazing fights as does tv of course i want thanos to fight well and look cool doing it .
if he was like faora smirking actively on the offensive taunting like she was in man of steel that 'd be fantastic .
they are exactly the same however it feels different because the horizontal is stretched while the y is n't .
initially people would alter their m-yaw x to make if feel similar but that actually screws things up and everyone who knows about it recommends not messing with m_yaw .
it is connected with electricity and running water so someone could live in it .
some of the rooms that were n't completed are used as government offices so the castle is used more than just as a tourist attraction .
fairly new to online so i might take a few minutes .
its almost as accurate if not as accurate as ar at distance because of the lack of recoil .
its more powerful and should have more recoil in my opinion .
however yea ak is alot more user friendly with how little recoil it has for its damage output which makes it fun and easy to use however that 's the biggest problem .
it 's a sad world when douchy-mc-jerk is the voice of reason
use astro.com to create full natal charts progression or synastry of 2 people 's charts .
yes at first glance i would wonder how a libra and scorpio could be so happy together but it really comes down to the big picture .
i get that this looked rough but was n't this the way it was for years ?
he did n't call fair catch and blocked the player from catching/downing the ball in order to gain field advantage .
absolutely but this is pro football not backyard football .
the other guy should have situational awareness enough to know that getting slammed is an option .
in my opinion that 's what makes pro athletes what they are .
making a split second decision on whether to guard or catch and knowing when it is appropriate in that second .
depends on your definition of egregious there were certainly calls that were missed but watching it live as a warriors fan it was more of a wow how do you not call that '' while the warriors went for a are you fucking serious wtf is wrong with you blind ass ref bitch ''
warlocks used to be able to speak to each other when dark apotheosis was still a thing .
are you saying the chiefs have a borderline racist name ?
they 're named after some white dude who went by chief .
and even if they were named after indians how is it may different than cowboys ''
ooc luckily dell is going to be the neutral party .
he helped innes but when it comes down to it ... .he 's just going to back out slowly .
i could wait at least a week and a half .
feel free to bother me any time by the way .
tbh the mood enhancing effects are different than anything else i 've tried and i 've tried hundreds of things .
i would describe it as 'peacefully positive ' ... not giddy or wired just content with an overall good feeling .
i 'm testing it for its memory enhancing effects so i 'm up to 20iu 3x per day .
the dose used for healthy humans was 40iu 4x per day so i 'm gradually working up to it .
at my 3x per day dose it lasts all day .
since people are probably going to ask ... you can buy it over the counter in the u.s. at walgreens walmart cvs etc .
just go to the pharmacy and ask for it .
one human study used novolin r so that 's probably a good one to start with .
you can put it in a nasal spray bottle or just use a needless syringe lean your head back put some in your nose and sniff .
there has actually been a fair amount of human testing .
also it seems to have very little effect if any on blood insulin levels .
most of the research shows zero effect on blood levels in humans .
it absorbs into the cerebrospinal fluid and then interacts with the massive numbers of insulin receptors spread throughout the brain .
it does have peripheral effects as well it improves peripheral insulin resistance through the hypothalamus .
i 'll echo the others and say to swap the 32gb ram for 16gb and up the gfx card to a 970 .
there may be the grumblings about the last 500mb of vram but a faster card is a faster card .
well in his last three fight hendricks kept trying to take him down and succeeded at times rory got stuffed on his attempts and condit really does n't do that much .
he has fought plenty of guys during his most recent run who have/tried to take him down but to lawler 's credit his takedown defense has gotten really good and he 's able to keep the fight more where he wants it rather than his opponents just throwing their plans out the window .
ah thats too bad but i think not enough to turn me off from the purchase .
have audio technica ath-m50 's now and the foam padding has gotten a lot worse over the time ive owned it and the ears rubbing on the driver gets annoying but wouldnt be a change for me
i posted in the first match thread about how i want kohli 's wrists to do dirty things to me i stand by that comment .
i wear wife beaters under my regular dress shirts for work .
just because not wearing an undershirt under a dress shirt seems weird .
but before i was professional and shit i had a lot of white trailer trash friends due to our similar socioeconomic status and most of them frequently wore wife beaters without a dress shirt overtop .
it was sort of a cultural or proud to be this status '' thingy .
blue jeans or dickies pants are sort of in there as well .
it 's sort of like proudly saying this is who i am .
white trash and proud or just i do n't give a fuck enough to put on more than my undershirt when i walk out the house actually trailer is more likely .
buy googling bomb united '' you just landed yourself on a watch list .
i 've been actually considering adopting a shepard my room mate 's corgi needs a playmate and we 've got the space for one .
i 've actually got accommodations for a larger dog in storage as well .
so if you are unable to locate the owner i can offer a loving rehome .
this has been national news for about two days now it 's a little too early to say that the governor knowingly poisoned people ... unless there 's some legit source out there i have n't seen this article certainly is n't it .
it 's been like that for a while now .
they were n't allowed to cuss when i went through almost 6 years ago .
hard to say but with that many saves there is a decent chance he was playing perm goalie which would explain why the other team got so many shots on goal because there was no rotation .
obviously i do n't know but he does also not have 1 shot on goal of his own .
vanessa could be carrie fisher 's daughter and she 's not playing leia ?
does n't seem worth it 190k for a striker with 2 weak foot .
i used an asynchronous gps torrenter to hashtag the cloud .
mindless surfing definitely negatively impacts my attention span and ability to focus .
there 's a kendrick reference track where kendrick just kinda plays with flows and words and kanye uses some of them .
i would n't say it 's kendricks song his verse was only 45 seconds or so
i hope not i can see the ds hud with my peripheral vision i like not having to actually look at it .
really a hud should be simple to just have a scaling option for that would be nice .
ingredient cost is generally less than 30 of the overall costs associated with running a restaurant but most people are not aware of this .
the ability to customize the appearance of the overlay would be invaluable .
hell just let me change the greens to a different color and i 'd be a happy man .
it has been a slow descent into hell trying to find a quality overlay poll thanks for this !
i need to make sure i 'm giving the pepito to the right person lol !
coming from a die hard hawks fan crosby is the clear cut no doubt face of the nhl .
to be fair indians love to stare even at their own people .
i have been living in japan for the past two years and when i made my trip back to delhi i was shocked to see how much oggling goes on day to day .
the idiots would stare at anything that looks out of place .
naoki urasawa 's manga often involve a death of a mc and the story continuing to unfold from another charater 's perspective .
makes me wonder why the fuck adams was playng in front of him for so fucking long .
when it showed up my mom thought i ordered a microwave oven ahaha !
anyways i just posted a thread of my build in this case !
man this fooled a lot of kids back in the day .
i never fell for it but i also had no idea how trimmed armour was found .
i do n't think this would ever work now since i would say most old school players have been playing rs1/rs2 for years
i 'm fairly certain it 's the case fan .
when i ordered the pc build i specifically stated i wanted a proper fan for cooling as my last pc lived a rather short five year life and died on me due to heat sink issues .
so when i bought the new one i was somewhat paranoid and ordered the extra cooling .
at this point the damn thing is turning on for 10 seconds stopping for 10 seconds and repeating that over and over .
it 's going from being annoying to making me want to tear the fan out .
also i would rather have the layout of the original wii classic controller but i 'm not a fan having the cord coming out of the top .
until they explained it was raptors in a scene that they deleted for god knows why in jurassic park lost world when the boat gets to the dock ... the crew on it were killed/eaten so anyone who paid attention would surely wonder what killed the crew because it sure as hell was n't the t-rex that was trapped inside the boat
this just like some well off brats like to steal stuff for the thrill '' there are some psycho 's that are there play cop and robbers for the thrill too .
i know a couple of guys who did a minimum wage shift for a grocery store and some punk walked and tried to walk out with stuff expecting them to not get in a fight over a couple dollars of stuff .
well what he did n't expect was that these were the kind of guys that would use any excuse to get in a fight and they used that excuse to get the full advantage of his ass .
they stayed at that place not for the wages but the chance to beat up more snot nosed shoplifters .
thank you guys i shaved it will give it a chance later in life .
it was difficult decision because i want to hear does it look ok or it will be ok because of job and profession right now it seems that it 's not ok
i would suggest a close up render also or like set the camera up just above the ...
string tightening knobs lol and then aim it toward the base .
or even put the camera super close between 2 strings you could get a pretty sweet macro effect with some depth of field .
i would suggest a obsdian cello next if you need ideas
what method did you use to make the installer stick ?
i think they 're very similar except the bottom image seems to be a mish-mash of an elephant combined with the original clover monster or the dilophosaurus from jurassic park .
but the other emotions would have ruined the core memories .
when sadness touched the first one it was 'infected ' and ruined it anyways .
joy had to be there to put them in .
looks like tomorrow we will be sitting all of my day off on the toilet potty since the boy seems to think it is okay to take his diaper off .
he has done it twice today with each poop .
i am excited to finally see deadpool hit the big screen however none of the trailers make the movie seem all that funny especially deadpool himself .
he comes off as more annoying/omg i 'm so random/daniel way garbage .
some will say deadpool is supposed to be annoying and it 's just a tactic he uses during battle to distract his enemies but they totally could 've made it funny .
i will admit tj miller 's lines from the trailers have been great .
as an aside tj is definitely not who i would have pictured as weasel
we 're a couple looking for new friends to join us on our camping and hiking adventures around victoria .
we are based in the melbourne metro area and set off on our adventures from here .
we 've been camping every weekend for the past 4 months and we 're looking for interesting people to join us in our adventures .
originally i had thought about creating a meetup group in order to recruit a few people but that seemed like overkill and i did n't want to spend too much time administering the group .
we do have a few requirements for people who want to join us
able to source your own equipment as we do n't have any spares .
a 4wd is nice but not necessary as most of our camping trips are to 2wd accessible locations
comfortable or willing to rough it out in the bush most locations do not have facilities like toilets or showers .
do n't mind days where we will literally sit around and watch the time pass by hours on end .
if this sounds like fun to you drop me a line or reply to this post and i 'll contact you when i can !
west coast playing almost every night looking for a good team to grow practice and play with .
i 'm a main awper but can also rifle pretty well .
i 've had esea in the past and i can always get it if needed .
20 years old and playing csgo for about 1 year now .
add me if you have a team or thinking about starting a team .
i 've seen a few showings across vue cinemas that arent displayed on tugg but available to book on the vue website .
the ones that arent displayed on tugg have loads of seats available .
anyone from leicester would love to see more fans there !
at the moment it has 100 tickets still to sell for the 29th 7:30pm showing !
i built a parallel box that worked great single 3034 mosfet pptc fuses .
problem was it sometimes would either refuse to cease firing unless i unsnapped lid .
rebuilt and it was wonky would only fire for a second or two .
so i pulled box completely down and started from scratch .
went with dual 3034 's and the requisite fuses and all now it 's acting like the fuses are tripping .
i 've been back through it checked resistance on atty .26 ohms on a 3.8 v batteries .
i ca n't see any pinches or exposed wiring or anything that could possibly be shorting out .
tomorrow after work i will replace the pptc fuses again and see but any direction or course of action that i should try beforehand will be accepted .
and before you ask if my solder joints look good ... lmao ... i come from r/c and my soldering game is very strong .
i 'm using an 862 smd station and silver bearing solder .
the lead free stuff is just a pita to work with .
i 've always been interested in becoming a customs officer at the airport .
i 've looked into many times and i 'm starting to think i want to move on from my current job .
platform s ps2 may also have been ps1 but i 'm pretty sure it was ps2
i remember you could kind of see where the displacement lines were on the ground so you could see the triangles .
you could choose any place to go you wanted .
i remember one place had a load of bats that were absolutely deadly .
game was perma-death no saving no passwords this may have been due to the fact it was a demo .
it had a home world of sorts except you just walked out with no loading times .
there were villagers that you could buy things from like a sword .
other details this game appeared on a demo disk .
unfortunately i 'm not sure which because i had about 4 that came with my system .
it shared a disc with one or more of the following .
this game went on for 5 minutes before it ended .
this was a platformer chaser you just had to go down and the screen catches you death .
there was a purple man and a green man .
this was basically worms 3d but not nearly as good .
seemed to run at about 10 frames on the demo .
recently released on ps4 so you should know this one .
game may have been called the adventure game but this returns no results due to adventure and game being such common words .
unfortunately i 've not got a lot to go on since i was about 6 when i got this and it was a demo but i hope somewhere out there is a 'demo expert ' because i 'd love to play the full release .
solved someone i know hooked me up with info when i told him i 'd posted it on reddit .
apparently sony released a dev kit anyone could buy called the net yaroze .
the official playstation magazine then held some kind of contest which ended up with loads of these ny games on demo disks .
these games were indeed for the ps1 i was wrong .
interestingly the guy who made it went on to work for sony .
i 've no idea how i managed to get one of these disks though .
has this ever been done with the new smash 4 ?
it would be completely chaotic and entertaining to watch .
either 8 pro players playing smash or maybe 4 2 player teams ?
i passed my course for non restricted and restricted firearms .
i got 100 on both written tests and practical tests .
i 've never been more excited to do paperwork and wait .
i started playing hearts of stone as a continuation of my main game .
my game ended with radovid dead and nilfgaard victorious .
is there any significance to there still being redanian soldiers in novigrad ?
i 've been trying to solve this problem but could n't understand it and checked the calculator i 'm supposed to solve this without calculator where it shows the answer is 6 .
i have simplified 3 √52 to 2 3 √2^2 and i 've also tried converting to exponential form but could n't get to 6 .
note 2 3 √2^2 is 2 times the cube root of 2^2 not 2 cubed times sqrt of 2^2 .
all the other superscripted 3s are meant to show cube root sorry for the confusion
just curious what other people are paying for 1g of wax .
bonus also found hash for 80 usd per g is this a reasonable price ?
so i have a nexus7 2013 and it 's currently rooted and i want to update to 6.0.1 though idk what to do .
i downloaded the update and let it reboot to install it but then it loads into twrp and idk what to do from that point .
i read that i would need to re-root my phone but i used wug 's root toolkit so probably need some help re-using that since it 's been a while .
i now have at least 134000000 experience points in the dungeoneering skill .
curious as to how you would go about trying to convince your friends to try and play more 7 wonders .
i did a quick play with some friends and most of them felt that it was a solo game while looking and seeing what your neighbors are doing '' which i feel is n't really giving the game a chance .
how would you go about trying to explain the game in a more interesting '' manner ?
help me sell the game as in convince my friends to try it again .
one of the strongest pillars of my faith hinges on the fact that i 've never heard anyone come close to presenting an answer to this question that was intellectually satisfying to me but that does n't mean such an answer does n't exist .
you can see i have removed the photo from the top of r/hotwifecaption .
i 'm looking for suggestions for a new header .
it was made by myself as a councilor of freimark https www.reddit.com/r/civilizatonexperiment/comments/3ygs2m/freitem_ubar_alas so that people may easily see the nations of the world .
the map may have some inaccuracies if you spot them please send me a pm and i will fix it within the week .
personal note u/nathanial_jones could no longer make the claims maps because of the time required since he was otherwise occupied .
i was the last map maker of 1.0 so i have some experience making these maps .
p i would not be surprised if there are mistakes so please send me messages about fixes !
i just bought a 3rd monitor and was hoping to have an eyefinity setup .
i do n't care about playing on the highest settings i just want it to be able to run smoothly .
i was thinking of an r9 380 but that might not be enough .
what is the cheapest card i could get to be able to game with eyefinity smoothly ?
3 x 1080p and my cpu is an i5-3570k .
on dxd the last mabelcorn trailer was on complete with bill not ripped out of the page .
only difference was that it was advertised for the 22nd not sure if that was when tlm came out but it 's not when wm3 comes out .
feel slightly awkward asking this but figured it 's less awkward than me asking the employees in sex toy shops .
i have had prostate orgasms a fair few times before whilst receiving but they always tended to be unexpected and happen when it was 'hard and fast ' so to speak .
that being said i 'd like to give it a go purposefully !
i 'm a bit torn between whether it would be better to get something that vibrated or something more manual like the njoy pure wand ?
i 've also heard good things about the aneros range apparently it does most of the work for you ?
but that they can take a long time before seeing results ?
any advice from experienced users of these sorta toys would be greatly appreciated !
i was thinking today about cards the see frequent reprints in standard sets and it got me thinking which card aside from basic lands currently standard legal has been in standard the longest without a gap ?
i think it may be naturalize but has anyone ever taken the time to look ?
the theater i frequented as a kid always played this .
i was running around blackgate finding a map to farm in .
after going through maps with a bunch of hackers a message popped up saying i going to get dced for hacking reasons .
description of gameplay elements i set out to create a traditional level that involves spelunking hitting a p-switch then quickly retracing your steps .
it 's meant to be more fun than difficult .
i 've hidden three 1-ups to add a little optional challenge for more experienced players .
you can find them the first run through if you 're paying attention .
i 'm really happy with how this one turned out .
i 'd love to hear any feedback you 've got for me .
as the title says level sync took away my biggest hit !
i was doing pvp on ilum for the gree event which bumps you down to lvl 52 and i got a 19k hit !
i did the math using my own hp as the basis for hp and 19/22 is 86.3636 .
i 'm just annoyed that it would have been so cool to have a screenshot of me getting 56455 in one hit but no c is it reasonable to say i got a 56k hit ?
i want to move the red ball inside the box no matter how big or small the inputs i put in and the ball should touch the edges of the box .
nature 's claim is obviously a better catch-all with a slight drawback but since it usually goes after artifacts/enchantments with less than 3 cmc anyway spellskite etc .
will natural state be a better replacement now that twin is out ?
reinging champion from sweden a rmada vs. usa 's own c9 mang0 !
mang0 with the 3-1 bracket reset but a rmada triumphs 3-1 .
this has stumped me completely and i want to figure out how to go about this before i begin coding .
panthers and cardinals both have 1 appearance each and are both 0-1
what practices do you employ to ready yourself for lent ?
i did a calculation online and it told me that i need around 3000 cals to keep my current shape how much is that ?
and please use international brand stuf if you come up with examples .
i excercise around 3 times a week interchanging inbetween weight training and solo karate training no dojo 's around ... .
i bought this game during the steam winter sale and i 've been playing almost everyday for nearly a month now .
and every single day i get called a nigger or a faggot or told to kill myself .
i now have at least 36000000 experience points in the ranged skill .
im sure there are websites out there any suggestions ?
i now have at least 38000000 experience points in the constitution skill .
how does the game change the cost for vehicles in rb ground ?
the story below is one example of me being screwed by the game .
i spawned in my easy 8 sherman m4a3 76 w hvss for 240 spawn points and scored a kill on a tiger and nearly finished off a t-34-85 before an is-2 insta-gibbed me from the side .
so i quickly spawned back in seeing as there were at least 5 people trying to capture our base in domination on normandy .
i bring in my f6f with tiny tim rockets 298mm rockets and score a kill on a pz iv/70 and severely damage an su-152 then come back and strafe and kill a bm-8-24 t-70 rocket tank .
as i 'm pulling away an ostwind opens up on me and kills me from about 1.5 km out .
sad i bail out and ca n't wait to respawn .
but to my horror i only have 545 spawn points and need 600 to bring in my m4a3e2 75 or my m6a1 .
so i ask now how does the rb spawn point system work ?
i find it ridiculous that an undertiered tank 5.0 br in a 6.0 game cost so many spawn points ?
let 's be real here an m4a3e2 in a 6.0 game will scratch the paint on just about everything and just annoy them until they turn around and put one through the front armor plate from 800m out .
if drug pricing comes up at tonights presidential debate another huge wave of selling will ensue .
and anything i should know i here the flavor is great .
i levelled my ranged skill i am now level 82 .
i levelled my herblore skill i am now level 71 .
join on myself or use the party to get in .
at least my post is n't intended to hate on goodkind ... much .
i 'm just curious i 'm a little ways into stone of tears and i 'm wondering why this series was so mainstream compared to so many other fantasy series at the time or before .
all the stuff with the weird bondage sex mixed with the extreme violence and the massive size of the books does not seem to equate to me to a number one bestseller .
just looking for a kind soul to help a brother out
so i noticed earlier today that airlocks appear to be more realistic now with jets of air flooding in only when pressurizing and air moisture condensing into a thin mist when evacuated .
this is pure awesome because when i went to complain about it looking the same in both cases there was already a thread on the issue tracker with like 17 responses .
be as specific as possible and include specific games or programs you will be using .
i 've been using my ps3 with the ps3 media server for many years now but i just want a box that can store my media and output to my onkyo reciever .
it takes hdmi audio and optical audio so my new pc needs to have those two outputs .
i plan on running openelec on it to play media .
i 'd like a case with at least 5 hot swap bays so i do n't have to mess with cables when i want to expand storage .
400 is the max but i 'd like to stay around 300 .
that price does n't include storage as i will be expanding that later .
note beyond a week or two from today means any build you receive will be out of date when you want to buy .
what exactly do you need included in the budget ?
which country and state/province will you be purchasing the parts in ?
if you 're in us do you have access to a microcenter location ?
if reusing any parts including monitor s keyboard/mouse/etc what parts will you be reusing ?
if yes are you interested in overclocking right away or down the line ?
are there any specific features or items you want/need in the build ?
ex ssd large amount of storage or a raid setup cuda or opencl support etc
do you have any specific case preferences size like itx/microatx/mid-tower/full-tower styles colors window or not led lighting etc or a particular color theme preference for the components ?
do you need a copy of windows included in the budget ?
if you do need one included do you have a preference ?
seriously i would buy multiple 120ml bottles of this if someone got the flavor spot on .
i asked my friends and i looked around the internet .
i chose gunner and am only a tiny bit into it as a subclass so i could always change but im not as sure if its the best option nor am i sure what to max in the skill tree for it .
i tried searching for ra/gu skill trees but i couldnt find any .
i killed 2 boss monsters called a skeletal horde in daemonheim .
i now have at least 24000000 experience points in the dungeoneering skill .
long story short my girlfriend got enough money to buy a pc around 900 bucks .
she wants something that will last a while without having to update .
i do n't need an os keyboard monitor mouse or anything like that .
we 'd of course like to go cheaper on the pc but even a little above 900 is fine for a good rig .
she uses it to play mmo 's mostly but wants to play some newer games witcher 3 bioshock infinite and more .
she has also toyed with the idea of streaming .
i 'm asking on here because i have n't built a pc in years and really fell out of the loop .
i want to make sure everything here looks good before i consider suggesting it to her .
i may have the opportunity to get a better processor for cheaper or the same price through family so i was wondering if i could fit a better i5 or an i7 in without it bottlenecking the build
pcpartpicker part list http pcpartpicker.com/p/nwgz6h price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/p/nwgz6h/by_merchant
it 's like calling a computer a software device or something like that
i remember having google earth on my desktop by 2006 which means that the satellite data was likely from 2005 .
i 'm just wondering if anyone has asked google about any satellite data they may have of the manitowoc area at the time of the murder .
this may sound silly but what if a passing satellite caught someone who otherwise thought they were completely alone ?
i realize the chances are small but i 've been thinking about this for a couple of weeks and felt the need to post .
update i found a post that answered my question before i even asked it .
i know you can just go with whatever at times but i just feel so much more comfortable following a guide on who should be with who .
so the question is ... which pairings is the best for the kids ?
what milestones did you hit this past week ? !
gut knife doppler fn lots of pink w nametag http i.imgur.com/rfmhivd.jpg 33k
i got an item from the silver tickets and it says that it increases the maximum hp and stamina .
also im creating a new great shield and i was wondering wich crests should i use since its for my pawn and he barely attacks .
although i am noticing the amount of sun time is creeping up again but this could just be all in my head
outbreaks of snow sleet and rain will linger across much of scotland through the day with the north largely dry with sunny spells .
rain over the southwest and wales turning lighter later .
any lingering rain or snow will mostly fizzle out overnight with cloudy skies away from the southeast where skies will be clearer .
i have a question regarding invisibility spells on the astral plane especially regarding astral security .
i used to assume that invisibility spells are useless against astrally perceiving characters because i thought that the spell itself is always visible on the astral plane .
an astrally perceiving character might not see the invisible target itself but always that there is a spell at the current location of the invisible target .
so countermeasures could be arranged alarms grenades full-auto fire in the general direction etc .
however one might argue that at least the mana version of the invisibility spell will cause an astrally perceiving character to just ignore the spell in the same way he or she ignores the physical body when normally perceiving .
however with a sustaining spell there is always a visible connection in the astral plane from spellcaster to target so is the entire connection ignored or just the last part to the target ?
is the spell visible if the astrally perceiving character can see the spellcaster but not the target ?
just bought a new xbox one only to realise that all my friends play on the ps4 not regretting the decision though .
will be getting minecraft bo3 forza horizon and halo 5 soon too .
user name is same as my reddit name and my hours are usually 5pm 3am local time 3 gmt
sometimes it makes me angry to see the way the media portrays drug use .
i 'm currently on my phone or i would add my input but i 'm more interested in y'all 's thoughts anyway .
okay only 1/2 a percent but damn ill take it .
is it possible to have a grid like this bottom link in vim ?
google gives me no answers though it looks like background image .
i think the feast is a good plugin but that doesnt matter .
if you join a server that have feast do you leave or keep on playing on the server ?
so when i was about 9 or 10 years old while playing gold version i encountered a random pokemon while searching in the grass that i had never seen before .
the way my younger self always described it was that it had ribbon looking things surrounding it and that it was mostly white and grey .
it immediately ran away from me before i could catch it .
this was before i knew about the legendary dogs .
so throughout the years up until tonight when i told people about my encounter they would always say that it might 've been a suicune but i did n't think that was right because the suicune i always encountered in gold and silver were blue not white and grey .
i was thinking the same thing tonight and i came across this thought ... what if it was a suicune..but shiny ? ? ? ! !
so i did a quick google search and discovered that shiny suicune 's sprite in the original gold and silver is indeed white and grey and that i encountered the first and only shiny wild legendary pokemon i 'd ever find in my entire pokemon life as a 9/10 year old .
and thus a 15 year old mystery has been solved i 'm 25 now .
alright to get to the point basically i plan to set up a 75g planted tropical community tank .
as far as livestock goes this is what i 'm at .
all advice and suggestions appreciated and will be taken into consideration so thanks
played through it and forgot to note what stage had what items for rewards .
when farming i know it 's more likely you will get one of the stage rewards and i need to get a few more gas masks .
also has anyone received any additional santa hats from farming the elite rare hear stages ?
this morning was the first time i saw this story so thought i 'd share it here .
the ft version is better in my opinion but behind a paywall so free article also linked .
the quick summary is that the higher rate tax relief on pension contributions is at risk of being abolished to a flat rate in the upcoming budget .
it has n't been announced yet but this sounds like it has been leaked out of the treasury department so no smoke without fire ... '' etc .
however the relief for basic rate tax payers would move up so do n't read too much into the downwards '' in the title sorry !
the ft article also suggests that salary sacrifice would be prohibited as well as it would be a simple loophole around this .
but not only you assholes brigading my post on another subreddit but then you insulted a lot of artists or bands i do like and then proceeded to insult me personally .
yeah i have n't listened to another song of theirs .
i respect anyone 's opinion but holy fuck try to be less agressive and accept the fact that music is subjective .
a decent build for 60 points or could i do better ?
it was a warm summer day in the heart of red square .
sasha our heroine for this little adventure was sitting on a park bench next to her boyfriend at the time niko .
he was for lack of a better term far too involved with his phone to care for sasha .
sasha asked a bright kind smile on her face .
he replied looking up from his handheld telecommunications device .
sasha understandably was a little dumbfounded by the statement .
you wan na get a bite to eat first ?
and stop doing that i will beat your fucking face in if you do that . ''
you know you are a bit of an asshole ni '' she said before getting backhanded by her him .
once they got to a local eatery sasha told niko about how she was shipping out in a couple of days .
so it 's official i 'm shipping out in a few days . ''
she said with an ecstatic glee which fell on deaf ears as niko was hitting up the waitress .
she asked niko replying with a scoff of his own .
mom was right i should n't have gone out with you . ''
in a split second sasha was yanked forward by the sleeves of her jacket niko showing a fire in his eyes unlike any other .
why do you even listen to your whore cow of a mother ?
now sasha felt insulted crossing her arms as she sat back down .
great tits fine ass and she 's a native russian unlike your half-blood bullshit . ''
at this point sasha did n't really give half a fuck .
she asked just sitting back and waiting for hers and his food .
oh and she 's way better in the sack then you . ''
do you really need to talk about this in public ? ''
after eating niko got up and left first leaving sasha to pay .
once she did the russian-american/canadian found herself pinned against the wall by niko .
you did n't use the credit card did you ?
you spend my money again i swear to god i will beat you fucking senseless ! ''
i had like 50 euros i paid in cash ! ''
oh you are so going to pay for this ! ''
lt. karnov sasha 's co said announcing that the first supply drop for sidewinder had arrived .
she had n't ordered anything since it was the first drop but she did collect a few letters from niko and ... his mother ?
that 's weird i do n't recall niko 's mom . ''
when she opened the letter she was completely devastated .
after reading it and seeing the photos attached she ... changed ... she was no longer a fun-loving redhead she was ...
way to go niko ... you just done fucked up ... '' she said to herself as she lit the letter ablaze tossing it into the snow .
when i get back to earth ... you 're gon na have a baaaad time ... ''
do you use all the swords of x in your 360 cube ?
if you have another cube what do you think you would include ?
i 'm kind of partial to excluding either sword of mind and body the mill is extremely punishing in limited less so than jace destroyer of cubes but still an extremely quick finisher especially if you 're piloting a gx deck or sword of light and shadow just not very sexy compared to the rest both protection and effect-wise .
edit feel free to suggest changes for sword of feast and famine and ice and fire from the perspective of my cube specifically !
i bought a amazon fire tv and loaded up kodi installed the aeon nox silvo skin and everything worked great .
so about a week ago i get the low storage '' alert finding out that kodi was using up most of the drive .
no problem i thought i 'll bung a microsd card in and move all the artwork there .
however the firetv is not quite as straightforward as a conventional windows htpc i had previously built .
using esfile explorer with just a keyboard is a nightmare and i 'm not entirely sure where i should put the advancedsettings.xml file on the system .
is there a tool/addon for kodi which can simple go move all artwork/fanart/thumbnaiuls '' to sdcard/location '' and tell kodi or automatically create advancedsettings.xml info this is where all artwork is located .
if not whats the best way to do this .
i 'd like to keep artwork on the microsd card not just pull it from the network what with the delay when a hdd spins up .
would it be worth creating the advancedsettings.xml in advance and then copying it over to the correct directory ?
also on the firetv what is the best way to direct to the sdcard ie sdcard ?
d ? not familiar with this type of naming scheme
edit confirmed my water did break told ya so hospital !
have been admitted on an iv because i was supposed to get my gbs done at the doc tomorrow .
could be a couple days but ... .. we are not leaving here without a baby people !
so i woke up around 5 o'clock this morning to a gush of fluid got up and went to the toilet lost more fluid pretty much totally clear then i peed .
so i 'm sure that what was leaking out of me before was n't pee and it was n't coming out of there anyway .
when i went to get off the toilet i lost some more fluid went to my bedroom changed my underwear called my midwives answering service almost immediately soaked through that pair of underwear realized that of course i do n't have pads because i 'm a jackass and i only walked by them every day in the store but i thought i had plenty of time ... . woke up my husband and waited for the call back .
midwife says it 's probably not my water and that baby changing position can cause urine leaks .
i try to explain that it was n't urine it looked and smelled different there was a lot of it i 've soaked through my underwear twice etc .
tells me no need to come in but do n't send your husband to work '' like lady my husband runs the shop 40 miles from home he works 7-6 every day i do n't have the luxury of choosing whether he goes to work or not .
she tells me if i 'm not soaking my underwear or a pad did you not hear me say i 've soaked my underwear twice ?
finally she agrees to have me go get checked out and tells me the cramping is normal if your water broke '' .
i 'm also sure i saw some of my mucus plug .
i know neither of these things means i 'm having a baby today but can you at least tell me why i feel like someone turned the faucet on ?
the hospital is 30 miles away we had 35 miles in our tank we had to stop for gas and my husband got a french toast sandwich while we were there it 's snowing and sleeting and i 'm cramping and still losing fluid into a washcloth i tucked in my underwear byeee dignity !
i 'm laughing at all this absurdity but i 'm actually very anxious so wish me luck ... .
i went to bed and i woke up at 6 in the morning to the computer giving the beep codes that it plays when something fails .
it was a dell computer playing 4 regular beeps which i think means ram failure ?
edit i am pretty sure that this is a ram read/write failure .
i looked up the beep codes at this website .
edit so i got it to work by reinstalling all of my ram sticks but does anyone knwo what causes read/write failures ?
i am reading about all this support for classic yet i do not see any of it .
i am curious if this is all hot air .
i heard 72 of the miners support classic yet everytime i check xtnodes.com i do not see any classic blocks mined .
when are the miners going to actually start running this code ?
1,2,3 number indicates where in the pick phase the champion was taken .
my buddy 's wife has asked me to proofread the english translation of her erotic novel .
i just scanned over it and it 's pretty wild .
i had told her a few months ago that i 'd help out as a way to repay a favor they did for me .
is this dangerous territory or should i change my mindset and view it as a challenge ?
i ca n't believe you have n't found housing for next year yet .
all your friends are signing leases and you 're so screwed .
if you 're not going to the housing fair http www.colorado.edu/news/features/looking-place-live-next-fall-visit-housing-fair on wednesday you might as well drop out now .
cacomorphobia support group http events.colorado.edu/eventlist.aspx ? fromdate=1/18/2016 todate=1/31/2016 display=month type=public eventidn=34766 view=eventdetails information_id=150273 will be meeting this week in the dennis small cultural center on wednesday from 4:30-6pm in umc room 457 .
get your freak on with free dance classes http www.colorado.edu/recreation at the rec all week long .
invite everyone you know regardless of their race creed or national origin .
1/22 women 's basketball vs oregon at 6:00 pm .
1/24 women 's basketball vs oregon state at 3:00 pm .
1/20 last day to add a class/waitlist through mycuinfo .
1/22 last day to waive cu 's fairly priced health insurance .
last week 's thread courtesy of u/cleverduck https www.reddit.com/r/cuboulder/comments/40fg42/rcuboulder_weekly_thread_the_i_swear_well_keep_up .
the 1st monday of february we 're hosting our 7th night for magic the gathering .
as per my earlier thread https www.reddit.com/r/basementboardgames/comments/3f5acg/monday_night_magic_interest_check this is a casual event friends having a few beers and a chat who happen to be playing mtg .
even if you 've never played before and you 're just curious come along there 's a good mix of experienced and entry level players and as a group we 're very welcoming so do n't be shy .
bring your own decks if you have them but if not there will be some spare decks .
if you 're bringing your own do bear in mind we 're still finding our way and most decks being played are low power .
you 're welcome to bring more competitive decks for their interest value but you wont get much of a match up playing them .
the night starts at 7 and we have reserved the conservatory area .
mine was pokemon y. i bought my 3ds xl unit second hand yeah more inexpensive .
my 3ds xl was a limited edition pokemon xy red and was bundled with pokemon y game worth 7500 pesos way back 2014 .
i was extremely excited to play it that time .
the game was greatly improved in terms of graphics as compare to the previous ds games .
i still have the game and will keep it till the future .
usp-s orion mw w thug life sticker at the base of the gun
o'malley would have to break the fourth wall every episode .
wink right into the camera when he lands a zinger .
he kind of tore in to them for asking it in the first place and how he does n't run that kind of campaign .
it was beautiful i 'm sure someone will give you an exact quote .
so basically they 're saying women ca n't stand conflict and would rather be able to tell people what to do instead of having to argue why it 's good
i do n't really have a suggestion as it 's not something i 'm particularly good at .
just wanted to make a comment along the lines of yay durham !
your submission has been automatically removed because your account is either too new or does not meet the minimum karma requirements http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/rules wiki_3._posting_rights_require_minimum_qualifications of r/fitness .
many common questions have already been answered by our community so if you are new to fittit please ensure you
read our wiki http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/index particularly the getting started http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/getting_started and faq http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/faq sections
follow all our rules http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/rules and posting guidelines http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/rules wiki_general_guidelines .
if you have done all of this and your question is still not answered click here http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffitness subject=please+reapprove message=/r/fitness/comments/41h54p/would_anyone_be_interested_in_watching_my_2016 0a 0aplease 20review 20my 20post to submit your post for moderator review .
alternatively you may use the moronic monday http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/search ? q=flair 3amon sort=new restrict_sr=on or foolish friday http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/search ? q=foolish+friday sort=new restrict_sr=on threads for any questions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fitness if you have any questions or concerns .
does anyone know what the deal is with these fw 190 people ?
it seems like every so often i 'll pull up the roster at the start of the match even in ground forces and it will say that one or two people on my team just joined in a fw 190 and have already disconnected .
suddenly i realized why nothing i did ever seemed to work i needed different instructions and methods .
i 've always likened it to everyone driving automatic while i was a stick-shift the same rules of the road applied but how you went about them was subtly different and what worked for everyone else would have me in a ditch .
wrong there are bylaws for any noise after 10pm .
1 except as authorized pursuant to this bylaw no person shall make or cause or
allow to be made or continued any noise which disturbs or annoys a person
including any loud outcry clamour shouting movement music or activity
it takes away energy giving more room for error .
arc and power can vary much more in comparison to a straight jumper .
i watched that movie when i was a child and i knew and could feel every emotion throughout .
the scene where the kid is crawling under the wall and ends up getting show ...
my only issue with this pdf is the most important info is at the bottom .
how many 4 recruits is rutgers pulling this year again ?
but this class is still the best class we 've pulled in recent times and ranks 6th in the conference right now .
this is coming from the team that finished 12th last year so that 's pretty damn good .
if haskins and keandre decommit that sucks but we have multiple other 4 recruits trending for md .
but i 'd love to be able to play cards like rhys the redeemed or brutal hordechief in kresh shu yun or vexing shusher in mizzix the list could go on for a while .
i just really want more options and the ruling does n't really make sense as i could cast those cards with no change to any other mana rules whatsoever .
there is a private parking lot and ramp they use no different than msg .
zero chance howard ever appears in front of that building someone with a gun tried to kill him a few years ago spooked him for life carries a gun with him now .
i run all over the place in what i would consider a pretty safe area but like you said you never know .
i run with my dog who comes on strong so i would like to think that she would protect me should it ever come to that but who the hell knows .
i 'm sure you felt comfortable until today and it sucks that now you will always have that shitty memory to fall back on and influence your choices .
this is why i never want to move ... because how would you know if your new area was good for running ?
recently started rolling my own cigarettes it 's definitely way cheaper and personally think it tastes a lot better
she just always taps me and touches my arm when she wants to get my attention .
your nmom is demanding your attention in a physical way .
i do n't care if she bathed you changed your diaper as a baby that 's what caregivers at the minimum are supposed to do .
here 's the switch you are not a 'baby ' anymore .
you are an autonomous human in charge of his her body .
she has no 'claim ' to your body anymore .
set your boundary 'do not touch me if you want my attention .
i do n't expect a johanna price drop but it would be nice for new players .
i 'd go far as to say witcher 3 is one of the best games created .
the media has been ignoring sanders ' lead in the polls ever since he passed clinton because the billionaire donors know sanders ca n't be bought or controlled by their bribery .
sounds like you 're very much underestimating how much a snake 's mouth can stretch .
this was the final f9 v1.1 so they would n't have reused it .
emily isnt really going to appear no under guard until the prison break thread so endorino ?
our department store chain here is just nonchalantly displaying barbatos hg and graze hg in the toy section .
no mechanical difference other than the mannlicher stock on the fs .
i happen to love mannlicher stocks so it was worth the premium to me and they are very sexy in person .
eyed your photo twice saw your username and i 'm done haha .
curses and compliments i bet this combo is killer !
i served with this guy for four years and i can tell you that he did a lot of sucking up to the chief 's quarters .
he got himself into the good ol ' boys club '' which is why he was able to qualify everything up to doow so quickly .
so basically if you play the game right you 'll advance .
bernie sanders has been saying the same things supporting the same things and voting the same way for fifty years .
i think he 'll do the same thing as president .
not to say he 'll be able to do much unless we take congress as well .
but i do n't think he 'll change his spots as obama did .
well to be fair lots of non video game companies released their own android game consoles afterwords .
warren was 2nd only to biden in terms of people actively trying to get her to run .
she almost did n't even want to run for senate and probably only did because she was blocked from the position obama originally nominated her for .
if that is the reason she died then that 's shitty robot design even if she 's a prototype .
the circuits running an artificial human are probably a bit more complex than the wire going from the wall to your toaster .
and now it is the live action remake phase .
it is pretty sad how creatively bankrupt disney have become in recent years .
i am trying to raise the question of why are people only enjoying books written by them same type of people as them .
you ca n't know if you 'll enjoy a book before you buy it you can only guess and what factories influence that guess ?
many many psychological studies have shown that even simple names have a powerful influence on things like responding to resumes i 've linked them elsewhere in these comments .
if anyone calls you a motherfucker correct them to fatherfucker .
lol the next comments right below mine both say exact opposite .
it was on his word of the day toilet paper
i 'm literally about to watch disappearance and i 'm looking forward to it i 'll let you know what i think .
that 's how i am with a lot of things lol .
sometimes a good thing and then also a bad thing lol
i cant imagine drinking that sort of tea every night .
i drank 6oz a couple weeks ago to help with some constipation .
i did n't even drink the rest of the serving for fears of the repercussions .
do you expect them to just go out there with all that adrenaline pumping make huge plays then just walk off to the side like nothing happened ?
if you do n't like it maybe you should switch to tennis or golf .
why even bring this up on a bucs sub ?
i forced her to pay me 30 bucks in repair fees '' otherwise i got all the heat for stealing money '' from my mom but i got to keep the money becuase i had already spent it .
funny story out of all the trial mechs i was worse with hunch ... go figure .
artic cheetah and raven for light stormcrow and shadowcat for medium ebon jaguar and timber wolf for heavy dire wolf and king crab out of assault .
if that 's say anything thank you so much for the information
i am pointing out that enforcing the law is part of the definition of protect and serve .
ever made deliveries in the last ten years without using a gps or phone ?
my life has no purpose so instead of giving it purpose i 'll just get high and be a drain on society .
kevin and his thong funniest gag of the series if you ask me .
edit if this turns out to be legit ... .
2 a ballsy move on the part of the sp to put tscc at the forefront of the debate and stem the flow of defections by appearing pro-active
3 a high-level shelf has broken leading to an extreme example of mormon passive-aggression .
i 've been a human for a pretty long time now and this is certifiably incredible .
i tried gotham s2 it improved but still is n't even close to the level of flash or even arrow s4 .
parallel dollar trade that is also the main '' economy because main economy is not liquid in venezuela is at bs865 per 1 .
maybe you read about the official exchange rate but you cant find dollars at the main rates that are bs.6,30 bs.12,30 or bs.112 .
it 's blurry in such a subtle way that i have difficulty focusing .
he 's saying that who you pick up to replace the 2-for-1 will determine if you should take the trade .
if you can find someone decent to replace the loss of hood then the trade would be worth it .
you can find it cheap everywhere i havent had any issues .
i get that too especially when i have to pee .
on strattera i got it super bad and also had semen dripping out constantly without any arousal stimulation pleasure or erection .
then the semen would thicken in my urethra clogging it and when i tried to pee it would feel like my dick was gon na explode .
i support advantaliate because it 's a great crutch for new players and unlucky players with terrible relic draws .
it 's a single player game so why should it matter to you how you enjoy your game ?
everyone i 've worked with non union does this .
your post was automatically removed for being a mobile link .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/todayilearned if you have any questions or concerns .
as a sidenote right now i 'd say people are better playing as daimyos than japan proper .
the changes to the loyalty system make the daimyos much harder to control than they used to be .
you 've never sat into a 2016 c-class you autistic fuck because it is aluminium .
i 'm sorry you ca n't differentiate metal from plastic .
believe it i 've seen fake metal plastic before .
there 's a major difference in temperature when you touch plastic vs metal and it 's very easy to see in the c-class .
edit and by the way i 'm not saying all trim pieces in the c300 is aluminium i 'm saying the window buttons are .
hang in there it 's only the first one but how many are new .
well i mean when you think of the concept of the weapon it makes sense that it cuts body parts off quite often .
i do n't think it 's a fetish i think it 's just what the weapon does
wifi works but the driver will sometimes enter a failed state that requires a reboot
have you tried removing the module and the re-inserting it ?
i 've had some issues with my current laptop 's wireless and that seemed to fix it for a time .
either that or joichiro told gin about soma a long time ago and he just couldnt remember .
your theory is the one i want to come true
taurus means you 're likely to wet the bed and shit your pants as an adult .
glad i could be of help best of luck on your future mind journeys !
a post like this wouldnt fly there and you should count yourself lucky that this is still up .
i even use the unscented for my face moisturizer since i have mega dry skin .
also they do n't ever do sales just a note .
i do n't know when they stopped but things are so scripted that they 've just taken an snl approach to delivering promos teleprompter off to the side read verbatim .
probably the best example of this https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=d8q51atos5k
speaker thump is 100 normal and an artifact of turning the amp on and off .
you can configure tlp to not do audio power saving and get rid of 99 of that .
is n't michael moore the same guy who called the american sniper chris kyle a coward ?
i interact with strangers on reddit instead of people i know i do n't want to talk to on facebook .
either i am not good at reading comprehension or something is a bit more subtle or needs some additional explanation to be easily understood .
yeah sanders preventing that was the play of the game .
that and mcmanus ' five field goals which collectively equal one play of the game .
that gets around 1700 mira in around 30 seconds .
most us heroin comes from central and south america .
full movie animal house 1978 '' thepiratebay how download srt video direct link solarmovie
at a 1962 college dean vernon wormer is determined to expel the entire delta tau chi fraternity but those trouble-makers have other plans for him .
now tell me did you respond to anything i wrote ?
you keep trying to take this discussion into morals and russia .
you 're dishonest and i do n't argue with dishonest people for they can teach you nothing .
i just wish they had 'targets ' on there for wrs
you 're basically my stats and where i expect to be at the 16-18 month marker ...
this happens because the density of ice is a bit lower than that of water so when a bottle full of water is frozen the ice takes a bit more room than the water did breaking the container .
i 'm not the person you asked nor can i vouch for her strength in standard but in limited she is a straight bomb unsurprisingly .
in two of my games she came down when i had less than 5 life wiped the board and her 1 ability kept my opponent off balance long enough to pull out a win .
in another game her 0 ability helped break a locked up board by letting me cycle through my lands .
i 'm having a hard time imagining her not eventually being a house in standard even if she does n't have a home right now .
also dropping her xing her to death to wipe the board then returning her to my hand with greenwarden of murasa was probably my favorite sequence of the prerelease .
i think they did get peaceful happy endings but the problem is that this is the first season in years that i felt horror instead of camp glam and shock value .
i just wanted this to be the real horror season .
horror went out the window a few episodes before when there were rainbow-kitten-youtube videos and angry white boy crumping with brandy .
every season has an episode where things go off the rails batshit insane in a way that is absolutely not horror but usually fun to watch .
this season went farther than i 'd have thought and the moment was well worth watching .
i really dont get why muslims want to move to non-muslim regions if they just want to force the stuff that got them running from their home ... .
if people are soloing it i think 3 guardians can do it !
just picked one up in columbia sc for 31k msrp 32,820 .
the dealer in augusta ga was n't interested in any sort of deal but the dealership in sc had the same car on their lot and they wanted to play ball !
'16 club with appearance package for club brembo/bbs package and they threw in the nav sd card for free .
westbrook is a top 5 player and i 'd take him over dj to build around any day .
understand though the league is sooooo so deep in point guards .
i argue this is the deepest pgs have ever been .
i do n't agree with the pick but if we 're going off supply and demand it makes sense .
a tree grows in brooklyn which made it even more hilarious to me since it is such a serious and classic book .
i learned to ski last year at pats peak .
they have some nice trails for beginners and even a few harder trails as well .
takes glasses off dear ... god ... what a sweet haul !
did you read and think about all that i said or did you skim through to find a single phrase to argue against ?
because i 'm not even making an argument right now i 'm just trying to establish terminology so that the argument can actually be made with some degree of mutual understanding of what is actually being said .
people are so concerned with arguing against marx that they wo n't even allow for the concepts he uses to be defined in order for his actual arguments to be discussed .
like i do n't think that subjective marginal utility is a significant aspect of discussing the ltv but i 'm at least willing to consider what the phrase marginal utility '' refers to when i talk about it .
it is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it . ''
i 've found that two headed giant is a format i enjoy because i can play with him .
it 's standard that i do n't because i have to play by myself lol .
i thought about doing similar and using to expand it ... then realized it was only 3 elements ... then the laziness kicked in ... then i commited ...
i 'm a graduating senior in mechanical engineering and i still do n't know if it 's what i want to do with my life .
but the reason why i 've stuck with it is because the degree can be used for stuff other than engineering .
i 'm no advisor or anything and have n't done much research but even if i end up deciding i do n't want to be an engineer it 's not like i 'm screwed or anything .
if ya have one you have a lot more options than if you do n't .
free movie my neighbor totoro 1988 '' bdremux for mobile coolmoviezone tubeplus ac3 movie high definition ipad
when two girls move to the country to be near their ailing mother they have adventures with the wonderous forest spirits who live nearby .
just tell her that ties with small embroidered icons are inherently non-formal .
fedoras birds whatever if it has an embroidered icon it should n't be worn in formal occasions .
the fedoras are ridiculous and you should absolutely keep it for parties though .
mobile users do n't get the benefit of the spoilers css stuff so we still do n't allow tournament spoilers in the title .
i feel like whoever wrote the recipe the particular problem they wanted to solve by adding milk could 've been better addressed by using cheese .
a terrible decision from johnson but he was never a eurosceptic anyway .
well not to campaign out at least for hammond he 's already ruled that out sadly .
i had hoped he would be a little more ambitious .
you guys have won 3 stanley cups in the last 6 seasons .
there is no politics here it 's your wife and your life .
you ca n't lie about the way that you feel .
if you still love them then get on board .
you may find that you two have a lot more in common than you even previously thought .
you have to sort it out and keep nothing secret if you want this to work .
that 's basically my thoughts on relationships in general but it is especially true here
if you are not sure you do/can love them any more than leave as soon as you can .
they are going to need to do some serious rebuilding regardless and they do n't need any thing else negative getting in the way .
free them to find who it is they are ultimately meant to love and free yourself for the same .
you ca n't control the way you feel inside .
best qbs this generation and it 's always a treat .
looked like his chest maybe i need to re-watch it
hell filppula got called for a illegal head check tonight but it was ticky tacky and not intentional but still the right call because he did make contact with the head even tho the guy he hit ducked last second ... i never want to see head hits but still a big fan off the work of scott stevens and even kronwall
i did n't really discuss it in the article but i think this is a real difference between people who are principally pen users me and those who are principally collectors you .
i think collectors draw a lot of satisfaction from having a complete set however they define that and imposing a cap is going to limit how much satisfaction they can take from their collection .
but it 's likely the complete opposite for users .
i did n't factor that in because it will be a net positive for families making 250k per year .
chris sacca said one day there will be 10 people who own all the wealth and the rest of us will be serving each other coffee and riding in each others ubers .
sounds rediculous but i can see why he would say that .
i do n't know anybody that likes windows phone but calling it a cancer is a bit of a stretch .
allowing user to use windows apps is just allowing more choices for all .
a d is notorious for leaching color out of tattoos ... please stop using that asap
daca esti la facultate in orasul natal si iei o bursa care iti acopera costurile de foi a4 inseamna ca aloci 100 de lei pe luna educatiei ?
hai sa o analizam alftel cat timp pierdeam prin baruri/cafenele si cat pierdeam prin facultate .
36 de ore pe saptamana la facultate si vreo 8 in oras .
sa luam in calcul si faptul ca educatia e finantata din taxe ?
what she wants and what she thinks she can get passed through congress are two separate things .
the most pain in the ass thing will be finding an apartment that 's not sketchy or comes with an asshole roommate .
he 's been really productive even catching short passes from no-armed manning and osweiler .
i stayed there too but the tour was overbooked the next day so i could n't go on that .
the market in the town is amazing as well .
i 'll be pm'ing and posting here as we get closer to the date to set all this up .
have you calculated how you got the extra chromosome yet ?
i mean why would any canuck leave their paradise full of universal healthcare '' socialism and strict gun laws for america ?
i mean everywhere on reddit these idiots say they are so glad to be in canada and they can never envision living in america because of the healthcare and guns and whatever and yet they are begging for a chance to live and work in the us .
i was doing voices in my head for the two electric poles struggling to stay where they are as their friends slide down a hill trying to take them down too .
perhaps we see tammy switch sides to help rick when the galactic authority tries to take her half bird child from her .
see i do n't think his heart is in the right place and he highlights most of the biggest criticisms of the dnc .
he is the liberal version of what on the conservative side would faith based zealotism .
the ends justify the means he is willing to fudge facts and hurt a lot of people on the way because he know 's his cause is just .
meanwhile it 's all a lie he tells himself to justify just being an immoral film maker to begin with .
please do not use old installation guides like this one and always use the up-to-date wiki instead .
hi ryan so glad you are an infinite jest guide .
i 'm over here wondering what i 'm doing as well !
the war on drugs '' and for profit prisons grew up with each other .
the more people the war '' sent to prison the more prisons were needed .
some industrious and very racist individual and/or group of individuals decides that crack a black drug '' use/possession should be sentenced much harsher than cocaine a white drug '' .
this causes a disproportionate rise in incarceration rates for blacks .
knowing this police forces are more prone to search blacks for drugs than whites .
this also causes more disruption to black families than white families leading to more at risk black youth than white youth .
extend this pattern for two generations and you get institutional racism 1 trillion in war on drugs '' spending and the for profit prison industry and in the case of marijuana the medical industrial complex laughing their way to the bank .
not to oppose any new answers or conversation here but this is one of the most commonly asked questions on the subreddit .
you can find lots of information on the subject in the faq setion here https www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/wiki/faq/religion wiki_did_jesus_exist.3f .
to quickly summerize those excellent posts yes there is considerable documentary evidence from many sources that support jesus as a real living historical figure .
i 'm glad mango won but my respect for hbox went up for sure .
here i was wanting a more restricted fast travel system haha
while the story portrays the special region 's technological inferiority in many ways it is n't trying to characterize the entire society as morally inferior just the antagonists .
hence why rape is only incorporated into the narrative when the prince is introduced and not before .
but i 'm arguing that its incorporation is poorly done and there are much better ways to characterize the prince than to throw in a rape scene .
so i guess either due to starvation by being stuck or a sudden plummeting to my death .
i like the idea of death by plummet i really hate heights but i think i could deal with it if i was inside a small box .
i go through an easy 10-15ml close too 20 some days at 6 now that i have my nebox .
his message and campaign resonante with young voters who use the internet .
i love it when people say that in a panic .
mustangs are n't designed to kill people though your question would be better if you had said viper '' .
seriously though being able to sue a gun maker if someone commits a crime with a gun is stupid .
lots of questionable moments with sky where he focuses the entire stream on himself .
this was my biggest problem honestly he was a huge distraction to the stream .
it was like the sky williams show at some points .
i gave cruz the 3rd because he got the cleanest shot with that uppercut at the end of a good combination .
i understand people giving cruz 1-2-3 even though i disagree but no way he won the last two .
i think you might not be giving bulgaria enough credit .
faber isnt what he used to be but i am not sure about easy fight
thanks for the advice i 'll definitely have to keep these things in mind as i continue recording .
this was our second attempt at recording all on one mic and i 'm just starting to brush up on how to produce so the link you sent is perfect !
tracking volume is not the main issue holding back roomscale on the rift .
occlusion issues lack of a chaperone system and lack of software support will keep it from being practical even if it 's possible .
i was getting some weird stares for about two weeks .
internships are only worth it if they provide you with useful skills and connections .
you can tell it 's asian because of the peace sign in the middle of the video
i 'm 99 sure hogarth is returning in iron fist 's show
sounds nice for the average consumers but it 's really a horrible thing .
americans are already huge assholes about pollution with the big suv 's and trucks that get 2 mpg .
now gas is going to be super cheap as well ?
hell the government does n't even have the balls to levy a meaningful gas tax to pay for road repair which is why the highway trust fund is constantly empty and roads are more lunar landscapes from all the potholes than actual roads..
they 're not centrally administered so they all do things differently .
weird looks like standford agrees with me and not you .
the 1 where raiden and white noise got kicked out of trib by goons ?
if so then yes pretty sure elo was there for that .
would you date a girl with no arms and no legs ?
you might lose your arms and legs one day but you would n't swear off dating .
the pontiac gto based on the holden was a pretty damn good car .
and this is from the same people who called him a communist ... what debate was cnn watching ?
the mk4s apparently did n't hold up to well in terms of build quality .
as for reliability i think they were pretty reasonable still .
if you do wan na go for the mk5 the fsi engine may be a better option as they are pretty solid and provide decent power without a big price .
i 'd probably not touch a tdi for now just to see what vw is gon na do .
it was the 2.0 petrol with the automatic sure it was n't that fast but boy did it handle well .
not sure maybe because it 's an older web page .
i wonder if perhaps any sufficiently skilled dust mage can pull off a storm but being a maiden means you start with enough power to do it easily .
put another way glynda had to work her ass off to be strong/skilled enough to pull of that storm but jaune with maiden powers could casually shit it out on a bad day ?
have you experienced any non scale victories ie not getting winded as easily being more comfortable in waiting room chairs etc yet ?
i do n't know ... ..the level of information the government has on us is pretty ... ..*penetrating .
actually she had full clearance to do everything that she did .
they 're to long and boring for my taste .
edit jeez downvoting me cause i do n't like a movie ?
i 've got a couple of those in my rotation and they 're not bad at all i would n't worry about it .
it 's the 3000mah ones that have started to come out in 10a cdr which is unreasonable compared to the 15-20a version they originally came out as .
spent ages looking around to see if i could find a stash of the mines there .
kendal actually seems very grounded considering the family she 's in .
communication is the key here as well as what you feel is the right thing to do .
if sex does help you make up your mind in the long run i would say sleeping with both to see compatibility is not against the rules but you do have to be aware of how it would make either of them feel if they find out .
the biggest problem with trying to give advice is that none of these situations and people are ever the same .
in the end you have to make the judgement call because these two might react differently than the next two should it happen again p .
i think you should bring it up with one or both of them maybe not directly and see how they feel before you make any decisions .
he 's easily the best part of it apart from the nice set-pieces the mech suit section towards the end of the game is very satisfying too .
wiki is saying the formula is damage 100 × unmitigated damage protections 100 ?
i recommend fantasy war tactics for anyone who likes freemium games with some story and characters with personalities .
maybe if we had social media in the 90 's we 'd still be enjoying big and tupac .
i mean there are 10 of them so it 's only 50k per school .
i love copenhagen but my past half dozen cans of snuff were similar .
he 's actually been fairly productive when he 's been on the floor and he put up 17 fp in 17 minutes last time mahinmi was out .
obviously nobody expected 40 but i do n't think it was that far-fetched to hope for 20-25 points with mahinmi out and a weak denver interior .
i 've grinded strikes and nf 's almost every day for month 's and not a single strike specific emblem yet destiny can be cruel sometimes ...
buying 5 different yeasts gets expensive very fast and i also do n't drink those huge amounts of beer .
if i brew 5 gal all the time i could only brew 5-6 times year and still would n't be able to drink it all
but i guess i can always split it up in two batches of 1 gal each
i 'd be interested but two alone a commune or communist territory does n't make .
we 'd have to find like-minded people who are n't bullshitting so reddit is n't really a good platform for organization .
plus there 'd have to be a proletarian militia made of the community against the bourgeois state .
the puns are quite obvious but i think they are nice in some way or another .
if i could add a suggestion to the use of wow model viewer you can also use it for more advanced character insertions .
it gets a bit of effort on making them look like they 're inside but you can achieve things that you ca n't just get ingame .
birds are bipedal warm-blooded egg-laying vertebrates with about 10,000 living species .
lifting everyday is going to make you mighty sore ! ! ! !
other people will be able to give you more specific advice but i think 3-4 lifting sessions a week is plenty as you 've got to allow your body time to recover !
going for a walk on your off days would be a great way to keep up the exercise routine .
why are the laws for wall street as they are though ?
it 's because they have invested so much money into their politicians to keep things as they are and to deregulate their line of business .
the curse of being popular in general but especially on the internet .
your early stuff becomes a meme and gets endlessly quoted and repeated .
then when you try to move on to new things people constantly throw the old quotes at you and just want everything to be a rehash of what came before .
not to mention the first wo n't throw an exception if persons is null or undefined .
i think you put the parenthetical edit about your husband into the bit about your grampa .
all it takes is one person to decide you 're going to be downvoted .
season 3 is very ai heavy a lot of artificial intelligence and i think we 're going to figure out how we came to this place why we even left earth in the first place .
we 're going to learn even more of a backstory and also travel into a dimension that i 'm still having trouble trying to understand but i think it 's going to become clearer as we get deeper and deeper into it .
we have a lot of wild – i do n't know i ca n't even describe it .
i 've never acted in scenes like the ones we 're doing this season .
maybe it was because you enjoyed it but there a long stretch especially because of intern joe that babu would be in almost every live video .
hubs convention videos even putting him on creature talk videos .
when talking about this i 'm talking more about a few cards burned from coldlight and not about brann mukla or coin lorewalker .
you may want to talk to piper i'v got her working on a rota for the lines .
see where you can fit in i 'd rather have you inside the cave if you do n't use a bow
ok i have to go now is there a way i can contact you again for more questions some other day ?
any explanation on why the spoke pattern is correct even though it looks imbalanced ?
is sex tourism and rich pedophiles from asia going into norway to buy underage girls a big issue ?
i am not chewing this over with you now .
if you want to be stuck on the point of what of tourist to thailand are sex tourists then we can find relevant statistics .
how would this number even be collected or inferred ?
i appreciate your stance on going in with eyes open .
sad friendless lonesome yeah i have friends and they 're all fine people .
thus far my attempts to sucker them into elite dangerous have n't been overwhelmingly successful .
the more things get integrated with the core os the more you have vendor lock-in .
you become more and more dependent on that one company be it google or apple .
already today it 's becoming more and more difficult to move away from one vendor .
i do agree though that integrated solutions oftentimes work much better .
not only was i filled with fear and shame but i was n't allowed to develop a self .
extra curricular activities were chosen for me throughout high school based on what the n 's in the family liked to do .
nm chose my school schedule all through even high school .
i got no say in anything and even expressing a political opinion different from my family 's got me yelled at .
i was n't allowed to go out and do the things other kids did and nfamily had money but was super stingy with me to make sure i did n't have the resources to do activities i wanted or socialize .
i was n't allowed makeup until senior year and i only got nm 's used cheap pharmacy makeup in her chosen colors .
i never got to choose what i wanted to do or eat for my birthday .
they pushed an adopted ethnic identity on me that is n't actually me .
anything i tried to do or be was stupid '' and however i looked was fat and ugly '' .
anything i tried to wear looked terrible on me in their eyes .
i was so quiet as a kid teen going adult .
i rarely talked to anybody or tried to get involved in anything .
i thought i 'd just be ridiculed and rejected by peers .
i moved out at 24 and while i had a secret idea of who i truly was i only started to develop into that person after moving .
i was over 30 by the time i truly knew who i was and was totally comfortable with it .
this is why i buy my niece clothes from the boys section .
not as bad as that other guy from day 2 beside keitaro .
that guy needed to move his mic about a mile from his face .
that is some f up law your state has .
this subreddit does not allow facebook links as they often violate the rules of reddit http www.reddit.com/rules .
please re-upload the image to another image host such as imgur http imgur.com or minus http minus.com and resubmit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/photoshopbattles if you have any questions or concerns .
and by far podemos have done much more good for the spanish population since they are holding power on big cities than the ones accusing them did in 30 years they had the power to do it .
and it 's true and that means i have to accept it even when i voted other parties but i live in one of those cities and you can see how the city is improving and how some marginal areas are starting to improve .
then again i have been watching a lot of call the midwife .
bernie 's plan will cost over 6 trillion less than the current health care system over the next ten years .
the united states currently spends 3 trillion on health care each year—nearly 10,000 per person .
reforming our health care system simplifying our payment structure and incentivizing new ways to make sure patients are actually getting better health care will generate massive savings .
this plan has been estimated to save the american people and businesses over 6 trillion over the next decade .
the typical middle class family would save over 5,000 under this plan .
last year the average working family paid 4,955 in premiums and 1,318 in deductibles to private health insurance companies .
under this plan a family of four earning 50,000 would pay just 466 per year to the single-payer program amounting to a savings of over 5,800 for that family each year .
businesses would save over 9,400 a year in health care costs for the average employee .
the average annual cost to the employer for a worker with a family who makes 50,000 a year would go from 12,591 to just 3,100 .
literally just copying and pasting from there website to show you ya they understand that .
it 's almost like they understand how healthcare works who would have ever thought that ?
well im still relatively new to this game and a prize like this would really help me out a lot as i dont have a massive amount of time to play just now !
what wouldve been a little more clever was acrually answering questions people have asles her on there as her more subtle .
to all of the people having an i-feel-so-bad-for-her orgasm all they did was delete some shit that isnt super important and post some silly stuff .
it 's not like they threatened her or something .
300 for a press event where you get to demo games is ludicrous .
it 's not a developer conference where you learn anything .
who would pay that amount just to demo the vive ?
where is the link to buy tickets if they exist ?
why does the article only link to a reddit comment about it actually being free ?
common sense tells us it 's a free and invite only event .
they are working on something obviously but it will probably be a quite awhile before it actually hits stores .
if you really want a new 3ds then now or near future is probably the time to buy .
actually you just missed all the sales but for the holiday season but what 's done is done .
i think those songs should switch places the one that plays in smash does n't fit smash but would work very well in ki u while the one that plays there would be better in smash
jones was different though he was suspended for being a fuckwit doing drugs and running a muck his title was vacated wrongly when it really should of been an interim situation .
i get the logic but it 's still shitting on the accomplishment of tj .
i realize i left out some very pertinent information .
i did not know the credentials to log in .
i was bequeathed a batch of unf files one for each installation all different passwords .
i do not know how to clear the configuration without purging .
yeah best of luck firing a .50 lmg without killing yourself .
those options are still there on both shaw and telus .
not advocating for cable by any means but your conclusion is false .
aye and this will be the day is strangely prophetic to the series for a non-canon song ...
and there are other lines in when it falls that sound like they will come true in the next few episode .
maybe it 's red like roses previously used as a metaphor for blood in a nightmare so 'maybe it 's a nightmare covered in blood ' maybe it 's the pool of blood the innocents will lay in when in the end you 've failed to save them ''
the size of the grimm invasion coming with goliaths and all minus the atlesian fleet vale fucked .
their dying eyes are wide and white like snow and now they know the cost of trusting you 's obliteration ''
after cinder 's speech the public are already a lot less trusting of the hunters and atlesians .
they are feeling unsafe even without the threat of grimm .
now they know the cost of trusting you 's obliteration ''
this is a much more useful rundown of why i should consider an upgrade !
imagining myself someday cuddling with my wife just reading a book talking or relaxing and my two girls running out their room yelling mommy daddy look what we made '' and showing us something totally ridiculously stupid and me and my wife getting all excited about it and omg now i 'm crying .
i 'm surprised he actually knows the order of the months
they buy in to conor 's opinion that tj is a snake for switching camps basically which is fucking stupid since people switch camps all the time .
yes urijah brought him in but he was under no obligation to stay under tam for the rest of his career .
so having the option to move with duane was the best one in terms of skill development .
you train at a camp with a guy who brought you in and showed you the ropes .
you do well and then this new coach comes in your gym .
he makes you do really well and ups your game significantly this is based on my maybe limited knowledge on duane 's impact on tj since i have n't followed his career up to the point of beating renan barao the champ and top p4p fighters .
your new coach decides to move and offers you to come with him .
do you a stick with your team because you value loyalty more than career progression .
b move with your coach to keep improving your game .
keep in mind also that people switch camps so that 's to counter the snake '' argument .
he was brought up by urijah ok but pretty much every fighter out there even urijah were brought up by someone else and moved on .
a graham-sized gogo would take over the earth with cuteness and i would n't care .
considering theo ca n't be used for both teams in your guild war attacks you may find him useful there .
we get very excited in aus if petrol gets under 1 per litre .
this is the written era idk how iron or pete are in the convo lightweight even illmac .
ill dominated in freestyle and made the transition but to me has been just sliding by ...
i 'll submit a vid soon but this song should fit the mood ! ... lol enjoy !
here 's a vid i captured i do n't think he knows what hit him from where .
if this is shown to be linked to the financial melt down of 2008 i would love for bernie to come out and say you know what ?
if it was a mistake he should own it and move on .
we recently got a kid who comes in twice a week and tries to buy an m rated game without his id or a parent/guardian .
every time i ask he 's like are you serious ? ''
i thought both spawn points were good in their own way .
the capture point however was definitely not in the middle of the map !
still better than an almighty evil god who kills whoever he wants for no reason other than his pleasure .
will have to pay extra attention to that episode next time .
after asking which type the other guy suggested one that gets rid of me fast .
that 's some nice karma leeching there son i 'm proud of you .
why do n't they stuff veterans and put them in museums like that ?
im an honor-less peasant i dont deserve to be on these forsaken holy grounds i will see you at the gates of hell where i 'll thoroughly make amour to your god-forsaken mother0
i personally play proxy and fletcher but i 'd like to discuss proxy .
personally since the buff on springy and flying pig perks i 'd say proxy is not so handicapped as she was before because that means she could specialise on being a really fast glass cannon that could suicide-rush with specific loadouts the h22 and the ke23 namely with tryhard and be a force to be reckoned with if used right .
the h22 and the r41 for example have springy which opens a whole new series of proxybilities possibilities as she basically becomes a speed demon provided knowledge of longjumping and walljumping is had .
added to the fact that mines can be prematurely detonated and it 's very easily seen that proxy is really good at burst-damage hit-and-run encounters .
i adamantly disagree that proxy is the weakest link when it comes to the three engineers .
i would argue she has her own niche at least and could really change the tide of battle provided the team could support her .
as for a first anime my daughter and i would suggest death note instead of aot due it 's more universal appeal .
how you live your life is up to you but personally i think you 're managing it totally wrong .
i 'd have bought a couple of houses and a flat in london living in the flat and handing over the management duties to a company to look after the property .
then sack off your job and do something you 're passionate about !
ill be looking for where to try to post it next because i dare say it wont stay here too long .
if hillary lies about her plan we should all know this .
also during your live life enjoy all the things '' happy dance shit show do n't leave a stinking rotting mess for future people after you die .
this is where all those lol who cares ? ''
when the fuck did lime in bitter become a thing ?
looks to be a good way to head as i expand .
currently think this could be an interesting option based on what i 've got access too .
using a dagger squadron pilot with either fire control systems or advanced sensors along with an a-wing to for blocking .
alternatively the original list with a fatter han and slimmer keyan .
i had 2 and 3 decisive for cruz 4 was decisive for tj and i was fairly certain he had 1 .
5 i was unsure of tj seemed to land more total strikes but cruz threw like 3 or 4 flurries which seemed to be the most effective strises that round .
i gave the fight to cruz but i wanted him to win so probably have some bias in my decision .
i go to the range as few as two and as many as six times a week .
i have carry mags loaded with carry ammo both of which were tested extensively enough to satisfy me that they are reliable with my weapon of choice to use as ccw .
i also have magazines i use specifically for range time so i do n't have to remove my carry rounds from my carry mags .
to be fair they might just have been talking about their favorite anime characters .
if a buyer does n't use rbf he basically stated that the transaction is unreplacable .
this could be a much harder to replace transaction than the current 0-conf transactions .
i learned english in africa and then after five years in the netherlands of school being taught in british and internet in arguably american i mixed everything up .
action quake 2 still the best online multiplayer experience to date and that was with 250 ping !
i do not live within the states so donating will be hard '' for me .
however i do have a lot of experience with writing business plans marketing strategies and more .
let me know if i could help with anything it would be a pleasure .
i ca n't think of a single other reason i 'd need either of them let alone both other than this so i really would n't order both lol .
my studio monitors will be set up once ive built my desk using xlr to 1/4 '' cables .
i did n't ask about the cables and the problems with there lengths who would order a 15 m long cable anyway unless they specifically needed it ?
that would be a lot of cable tie jobs lol .
the noise and interference would be picked up from data cables power supplies allot of things .
could be a hardware issue with the wifi walker .
maybe the connector for the antenna popped off so it does n't send/receive well .
i believe the au shops have miniature cellular transmitters in their stores so the signal could have been strong enough to work while in the shop but not outside .
if the payload is above a certain weight the rocket does n't have enough fuel left to fly all the way back to land .
he has no chance and no business trying to be president .
what if you were previously attacked by a bear and you now have no arms ?
might wan na listen to some vulfpeck to raise your soul .
not an entire crowd but i would say a lot of the people that were at the rr were not at that raw simply because the are n't from philly .
although now my dream of opening a pizza place on that top floor is busy .
would 've called it pie in the sky . ''
eh so far the german thing is so particular affecting so small a minority that it 's nothing to worry about especially since no one so far expressed any anger about feeling cheated .
imagine your readers paying for the book and not being able to enjoy it because it 's a bad book .
your fall/winter seasons will eventually become your career of being head coach/gm/owner all at once while screaming at the tv for three hours then crying in a corner soaked in alcohol and possibly your own vomit depending on just how bad we lost that week .
and realistically the patriots as well because their fanbase is just as bad as pittsburgh 's .
just look at yasp you 'll see the graph of mmr .
not that accurate since it depends on people showing their mmr on their profile but can still be used
if the payload is above a certain weight the rocket does n't have enough fuel left to fly all the way back to land .
gosh darnet gee wiz i may have made a mistake asking for an analysis
antónio mota tenho pena de não ter liquidez para comprar as acções todas
o ultimo a dizer isto foi o do banif .
i ca n't believe people actually focus on his w as the problem .
if his ability to deny plays was so strong he would have been picked on release .
the real problem is they buffed him like 10 patches in a row and gave him way too much damage from his r passive
it ca n't just be me that thinks the colour choice on these is rotten ?
nitrous blue is rank rotten and the rest of the colours although ok are n't anything special ?
magnetic is nice but it 's now wow omg nice .
the problem is not ignited mobs but mobs sucked by black hole blazar that get taunted during the animation .
i just exchanged my blackhole for energy twister wielded a twiste sabre instead of deathwish with sigil on the cube and i think i 'm doing better now than before and mobs do n't bug while playing with a crusader .
the present-day oil price is influenced heavily by expected future prices .
a couple more rounds of this and he can be home sweet home .
he 's going to need another coffee before then .
my dad bought a farm and has been working really hard to turn a large tract of pasture into forest and fill it with trees .
one friend who is n't retired backpacks around the world picking up odd jobs along the way like teaching english .
get really big into cosplay and make a bunch of cool costumes .
move into a fixer upper '' and do repairs on the house .
go to burning man and be inspired to make a massive sculpture .
restore vintage cars and try to sell them for a profit or enough to buy the next car .
rent out your house get a boat and sail it from new york to the caribbean like this couple https www.youtube.com/user/wickedsaltysailors/videos .
become an expert on a topic and write a book on it .
learn to code and make a simple video game .
try your hand at stand up develop a 5-20 minute set and try it out at open mics .
get a job that does interest you even if it 's an unpaid internship .
get really involved in your church or secular equivalent .
visit a hackerspace and collaborate with someone on their project .
look for something that takes a while that you can see progress and takes a big time investment .
something that makes you feel like you 've accomplished something .
in particular i think it 's really fucked up for them to try to force a romantic relationship between yoake who 's clearly uncomfortable with that idea and hishiro who 's absolutely ignorant of these corporate plans in the first place .
becoming friends with someone is one thing but trying to engineer love from scratch ?
you also have to understand that the house adv for blackjack is assuming someone plays by the book 100 of the time which almost no one does .
the way it 's actually played most people end up in the 1.5 to 2.5 range depending on the rules .
i have allergies and when they flare up i have to blow my nose a lot and the flannel is super soft on my already irritated nose .
modern doesnt have a rotation '' as standard has but they still want to make ppl spend more money in the format .
modern is already a pretty diverse format so saying that they banned twin in the name of diversity is pathetic .
there 's no respect for ppl that made an effort to get a stable deck like twin just to be stabbed in the back by a greedy company .
remember wotc its ppl like me that arent sponsored by stores sites that keep your business running and not pros what whine all the time on twitter about how they dont like a certain format .
i do n't think i can help much but if you need anything i 'll see what i can do
i 'm not saying direct core training is worthless but how does this video prove anything ?
i do n't want these thread to lose themselves to the salt .
sure your scheduling a joke but your third string qb got baylor to put up 600 yards and it 's impressive
but tries to brush it off saying it was there on youtube
i scan like all pairs once every 2-3 hours or even lesser .
i would totally buy you a nintendo 3ds and animal crossing but i 'm also totally broke .
none of that is true those are all cultural and vary wildly from one society to another and change over time as well .
what you consider attractive was not considered attractive 500 years ago nor is it considered attractive worldwide now
lots of hosts can sell you custom dedicated servers as long as you commit to a minimum length .
if it 's just the storage you 'd need and performance is not an issue i 'd suggest 12 4tb sata disks raid 10 in a 2u chassis with an e5-2603 and 8gb ram .
something like this would cost you around £280 a month .
i first read that as member of parliament which was an amusing thought .
i now realize it was likely meant as mounted police or military police but i like the initial interpretation too much to let reality get in the way .
i agree that is one of the best countries to live in .
hell no people in sweden are boring af most of them .
they want personal space and have to be seen as normal '' around the public enviroment .
beaton 's probably going to be the key for the remainder of this innings .
nevill and mcdermott do n't seem to have the power or range of shots to get this themselves .
well the game makes you pay for laziness if you cba running back to hand the quest in .
i do n't see anything wrong with that tbh .
it 's not hidden it says the cost on the quest completion screen .
awhile back i painted my toe nails i failed horribly .
its a like 2 year old failed to color in side the lines .
but i loved it it made me feel much more girly .
i hide it from everyone because explaining why you have purple toenails as a male is hard .
but this weekend i forgot my socks when i was making breakfast .
so i said fuck it and painted my finger nails i have no idea how this is going to go .
just painted them was away from my nail polish for the weekend but i assume its going to bring me on step closer to coming out .
also does anyone have any advice on how to paint my nails ?
i sure wish i had a g-bender guitar like brad has .
i 'm using a kemper profiling amp with the m.britt trainwreck 2 profile .
infringement of wholeness or association is an entitled feeling .
facts rightful states are irrelevant can be convenient all the way for 1 side .
hiding behind nonsense as if the opponent is not entitled to such or as if the facts rightful states should be distorted does n't make it so logically .
the facts rightful states stand the same by only proofs logic .
price 90 now 85 via pp f f or add fees .
just got this in the mail after a long wait from aliexpress.com .
flipped it a bit and cut a piece of cardboard that 's all .
blade is very sharp supposedly d2 with a nice stonewash and an even edge .
it has some very slight locrock but no side to side play .
gave it a few light spine wacks to see if the lock would slip over and it did n't i would n't be afraid of it ever failing it feels indredibly solid otherwise .
both the flipper and thumbstuds work incredibly well with no issues .
very well built and impressive knife for the price and for it being a clone !
came and will ship with a nice little zippered case .
i 'm just never going to carry this one so off it goes .
i will ship via usps priority mail conus only .
i 'm looking to get an industrial piercing done but i do n't know which shops to check out and which ones i should avoid .
price does n't matter to me as long as the place is clean and trustworthy .
i 'm not sure if this is the right place to post this so feel free to remove it if that 's the case .
i have some school supplies lying around about 1000 pieces of binder paper post-it notes and i was wondering if anyone here would be interested in them .
as long as you 're in the u.s. shipping is on me !
swamiji i doubt my husband has been cheating on me ... .
i have doubt on one woman ... . what to do ?
take your husband to that woman 's doorstep ... and see if his wi-fi connects automatically .
anyone know when they will update the app to sort out the new sets .
it 's a mess trying to find anything in trades .
the ios bug makes it even harder especially if your hoarding .
i rolled up a level 10 wrestle/unarmed/luchador character named ursa major for 5e .
i am trying to think up bear-themed attacks for him to use bear hug '' drop bear kick '' celestial bear slam '' .
does anyone have any other decent bear-pun/bear-themed attacks for him to use ?
i have humana national pos open access through my dad and i want to get mirena .
i spoke with a humana customer service rep and she told me preventative care including all mirena related expenses would be 100 covered for all insured women through the affordable care act but i 've had a lot of trouble with humana customer service in the past and i 'm worried that she may be wrong .
how should i approach my gyno 's office about the process of ensuring that everything wo n't actually cost me ?
anyone else have a humana plan that includes preventative care for women and recently get an iud ?
how was your experience with humana through the process ?
my parents are conservative and would n't be cool with me getting on bc and on the chance that it 's not covered and they get an 800 bill they will lose their shit and ask me what they 're paying for .
i do n't think i would be able to convincingly lie to them ? ?
also i would prefer not to about something so expensive .
they do n't really care that i 'm an adult and should be able to have safe sex without fearing a negative reaction from them .
they think i should wait until i 'm married and the emotional labor required to convince them otherwise is too damn much .
seems to me like i have better aim when i play core than when i play hardcore .
i play hardcore more than anything but it seems like aim assist is n't as good in hc than corr .
and it is n't just in bo3 i felt this way .
trainer female black shirt red hat with a flower brown hair
i started taking accutane just over 2 weeks ago and had a pretty bad initial break out .
i had big inflamed white heads all over my cheeks and chin and around my mouth .
it was so itchy and painful and i felt reeeeally depressed about it .
i have n't left the house much lately and when i do go out i have to wear tonnes of makeup to have any shred of confidence .
even then i ca n't talk face to face with people staring at my acne .
over the last few days the ib has completely calmed down .
my face is n't incredibly red and inflamed anymore the itching stopped the bumps are going down and for the first time in a long time i 'm starting to see the true texture of my skin again .
in the past this would happen occasionally but i 'd always wake up with a bunch of new sore pimples .
i still have a long way to go and i 'm assuming i 'll still get a few breakouts over the next few weeks but i can finally see the light at the end of the tunnel .
no one else in my life gets how significant that is for me but i 'm sure you guys understand .
maybe i 'm getting ahead of myself here maybe it is finally working but either way it does n't hurt like fuck today and i 'm real happy about that .
i 've been working on it since last week and i 've got him up to sa8 .
jr. king cold k+6 leads ssg goku phy ssj gohan zanga boujack and bido for bojack ki support .
i hit it twice and when i get a card i hsut the game off for a few hours .
it seems to work better than staying on the one board for hours on end ...
okay so i know the obvious answer is to see a doctor.. but there is no way i can get all of this figured out between now and the weekend .
i also tore or damaged my mcl and sustained a tibial plateau fracture at the same time .
all of these things were relatively minor showed up on the mri and not the xray .
i was in a brace and on crutches for a while and then recovered through physical therapy not surgery .
like 4 or 5 times a week for 10 hour days a lot .
after the injury i skied once at the end of the season.. and then once again last winter .
my knee only bothered me a little but it was nothing bad .
my knee pops from time to time and can get more sore than the other.. but i have n't looked into it .
just recently i have started having problems with it at random times .
it 's usually whenever i 'm going down something and my leg is in the air.. and then the pain comes from putting it back on the ground .
i know that i need to see my sports doctor again but i do n't even know if i 'll get an appointment for a month .
i 'll do whatever i can to make it happen .
i do n't want to damage anything.. but would taking an advil and just going for it be fine ?
i do n't think that it 's anything other than the whole meniscus thing acting up again i do n't know why it would but that 's what it feels like .
i can still walk it 's just that the issues happen randomly .
i know that putting heavy ski boots and skis on my legs wo n't be that great.. but i want to try .
i ca n't get a proper ski brace but i have the kind of knee brace that you slide on and it has supports on either side .
i 'm sure other people on the forum have had this issue !
i did n't know too loaders used an rf cable and i do n't think my tv has an rf input .
is there any adapter or anything i can but to make it go from rf to av ?
so i recently got the freddy funko pop that comes with the funklub kit .
the box says it 's a bobblehead yet it just a normal figure .
is it supposed to just be a regular non-bobble or was there just an error ?
edit apparently funko likes confusing people and this is normal lol
the dude with long hair looks like main character ?
having a surprise party for someone who loves disco from the 70s-80s any song recommendations for a playlist ?
quite the feat considering all my past failures and half-assed attempts .
previously i would put myself and my family threw hell and relapse after a few days or weeks over and over again.. then wind up on a six month bender find myself in the er transfer to detox transfer to rehab .
this go around was inspired by a major health problem at 28 i had a heart attack .
and it was explained to me on multiple occasions that it was the booze and muscle damage done to my heart .
i have a lot to live for do n't i ?
why ca n't i stop doing this to myself .
on day 181 i got my hands on a bunch of xanax and vodka and started partying it up alone of course .
luckily it only lasted a week before i wound up in the hospital with chest pain .
more heart damage neuro damage liver damage and god knows what else .
oh yea pneumonia from aspirating vomit while passed out alone .
why could n't i have just died instead of waking up ?
that would have been easier and better for everyone .
before this turns into ranty loony babble i 'll just end it .
really just no one to talk to figured i had to tell someone what the past few weeks have been like in my life .
i am not under 18 but i have a sneaking suspicion that my t levels are lower than they 're supposed to be .
i 'm almost 24 and they 're in the low 400s .
when i do preliminary google searches my number is lower http elitemensguide.com/testosterone-levels-by-age than the average http www.menshormonalhealth.com/normal-testosterone-levels.html according to those two sites .
when i emailed my doctor i got told the following
your t level is very appropriate for your specific health need .
i do not advise that you increase your dose at this time .
and i am not a doctor ... but i do n't trust her .
does anyone have any resources for young under 18 cisgender guys ' t levels to make sure i 'm not low for going through puberty ?
i know i 'm low for men in their 20s but i just want to make sure before i go through the hassle of switching providers .
i 've been on gel for 2 months and i have yet to really see any changes other than a very small amount of genital growth and an insatiable hunger for both food and sex .
polar_ocelot was on trial this evening for the charges of
the retrial of polar_ocelot was held at 5:00 pm pst in the international court at mandis .
due to a lack of players for a jury the trial was held as a bench trial with dogboy07 presiding .
upon the agreed upon trial time polar_ocelot did not appear at court and was found in contempt of the court .
the public defender assigned to polar_ocelot mr_palmer declined to present a case due to his absence from court and the judge was forced to render a verdict of
the combined sentence for these crimes will be a three week enpearlment of polar_ocelot .
i 've searched through the other posts but did n't have much finding information on nicer places to live in cypress or nearby .
most of the posts are asking about places near santa ana irvine or the coast cities .
are there any apartment complexes we should be looking at or property management organizations that would make our search easier .
budget is 2k a month for a 2 bed 1.5 bath near freeway .
i would love to find a small home with a yard instead of an apartment complex .
i hate the thought of having to share walls with people again .
i currently work in orange live in westminster and go to school in long beach .
my future housemate needs to move from la mirada/whittier and would love to cut down on the commute to work in cypress .
i do n't mind the commute so long as i have easy access to the freeways .
i had the portal keys to make a link i checked before trying it would n't let me .
my friend had the same keys but it let him even after i had tried and it failed .
... it seems impossible as the gravel will somehow move away and the plant will be sucked into the powerhead
it 's the only way she 'll take a photo now which is hilarious and awful at the same time .
how many pictures can i take of her engaging in duck face to tuck away for future significant other embarrassment ?
also rolls are still hot and heavy on this 16 month old chunkster but she 's dropped to the 98 for height and weight !
does n't appear to be the need or desire for this .
i 've been following politics for a while but never realized how important staying on message actually is in a campaign .
the reason donald trump is doing do well is because he knocks his opponents off message with a combination of saturation media coverage brilliant labeling of his opponents low-energy nasty lightweight on his part and ironically and staying relentlessly on his message of knocking his opponent off message .
this is also why sanders is doing so well he relentlessly stays on message .
terrorists attacks in paris the night before the debate he talks about income inequality email scandal he talks about income inequality .
some people say sanders is n't running a real campaign because he does n't attack clinton at least not usually .
now that he finally is attacking clinton he 's doing it on message talking about campaign finance and what he calls the oligarchy .
the reason trump 's message is so brilliant is that it 's basically you 're leaders are stupid and weak '' so that any attack by trump is still on message .
if they have ugly duckling syndrom and are ugly first their more likley to have a personality because the had to develop one to get accepted or be attractive and have it completely easy and might suffer a loss in personality because of it
my razer deathadder has a faulty cord.. it 's frayed inside and disconnects sporadically..
i have a crappy dell laser mouse you think i can swap cords between them and my deathadder will work ?
i press rejoin and i see the score screen .
i get awarded no experience or gold as far a i can tell .
sell ya coins to me if you are tired of waiting to find a buyer and want money now .
i buy to resell and have pp ready to spend .
people are selling for 7 per 100k so dont think i am paying that because i cant make money paying what others sell for .
check my rep and see i have safely bought and sold millions
i 'm starting my second semester of college tomorrow .
it sucks because first semester two of my friends met their now boyfriends in their classes and i already know that will never happen to me .
in college it seems that everyone has already paired up and i 'm stuck behind watching it all happen scared to see more of my friends pair off .
edit we are no longer taking people at this time .
however if you have already sent a pm or left a comment prior to this edit you are still up for consideration .
my group of friends is looking for people interested in playing tabletop dungeons and dragons .
we do not require that you have a character or any experience with the game prior .
we 're relatively new to the game so it 'll be a learning experience for everyone .
our situation is that we do n't have many people to play with .
being the only one with real dnd experience in the current group i can serve as a dm we just need characters .
we use version 3.5 of the player handbook monster manual and dungeonmaster guide .
most people in our group are between 18 and 20 years old .
although we do not discriminate based on gender race or sexual orientation it would probably be best if you were within or lingering around our age group .
also because we 're playing tabletop you 'll have to be in our area to play .
we 're set up in the southwest of the usa .
if you 're interested leave a comment and i 'll send a pm where we can discuss specific details such as age or location which may be sensitive for some people to post openly on reddit .
obviously i would prefer it to be all the time but this is huge considering last week he would get really defensive when i suggested it .
when we move in together in the future he will probably be eating vegan the majority of the time because i 'll be doing most of the cooking
been with a few dudes and no one seems to know how to get me off .
looking for a girl who actually knows what she is doing .
from what i 've read the plug and play nature of hdmi drivers essentially causes the computer to reinstall '' the drivers every time the tv/receiver is turned off and on again or the computer is rebooted .
it causes full screen windows to revert to a default state which i guess in my case windows are always resized to 800x600 and my speaker settings are always reset to default since i 'm doing audio over hdmi as well .
i 've scoured google and the best i saw was that someone mentioned you 'd have to use a resource monitor to see which registry values apply to certain settings and create some sort of batch script to set them .
i do n't know how the heck to do that and even if i did i do n't know how i 'd get it to automate aside from being a startup script which does n't help me much as the pc is always on
i have a 2013 gibson sg standard with the stock pickups which i believe are the '57 classics still installed .
i just got home from a ten day tour with my band and every show i would play around with the equalizer on my rockerverb because the bridge pickup sounded almost dead to me .
currently i play in an easycore band called nice shot kid so we tend to use high gain .
i personally play more ambient sounding music where i play mostly on the clean channel .
i also primarily use the neck pickup when playing on the clean channel .
i want a pickup that can handle high gain well but also want a pickup that is crisp when playing on the clean channel .
i am currently looking at the seymour duncan jb pickup for the bridge and the jazz for the neck but i 'm not sure if these pickups are right for me .
http imgur.com/hys36hz it continued after disabling the camo but after a couple fultons someone caught wind of my footsteps and ended the glitch .
so i have n't played playstation in forever and my last real sony console was the ps2 .
i 'm getting a vita next week so i created a new account tonight to buy some games on sale .
the issue is that i keep getting a transaction error when trying to checkout .
could this be due to having a new account ?
i 'm not sure what to do so i thought i would ask the community here .
tldr i made a new account and keep getting transaction errors at checkout .
to any artist interested in this or finding a compatible writer to work with occasionally for hobby art please get involved and make suggestions .
i am interested in hearing from those who would participate for the sake of fun and realising some potentially great stuff .
sketch a drawing or comic of a short story nosleep story or anything you deem worthy .
i 'd like to see whatever anyone has to offer .
as interest grows we can effectively pair writers and artists for projects and review the results via this sub reddit .
i am a hobby writer who wants to see if there is any interest on the part of artist 's to unite with writers to team up .
simply put i am not a talented enough artist to create drawings or art that does justice to my ideas sometimes artists are in need of ideas and inspiration .
this is where the two fields meet to collaborate and share .
to aid each other and possible unite a great team .
as an interested artist please respond to requests within the sub reddit with your works .
write a brief description of what it is and your impression on said piece if desired .
yo ... you wan na hit of this ? ''
looking for a nice karambit crimson web ft for around 103k with a nice float .
do n't care about webbing thus i 'm not going to overpay for 'big center ps '
b/o karambit cw ft 103k fv 0.25 or m9 fade 85 113k
he just sends a random text about restaurant week in his city .
i want to text him why are you texting me for ?
we made an agreement on not contacting each other . ''
but deep down i know i should just ignore it ...
this story as i recall involved a daughter with a quite old father grandfather who took her on his boat and kept catching these very fantastically illustrated fish bright yellows with curly turquoise whiskers and fins and i believe she kept asking for a bigger one and a bigger one until the fish they catch is so big that it tips to boat and she falls in .
everything is fine at the end i think it 's only maybe a 10 page story .
if so i cant wait for the memories of co-op in portal 2 !
right so i 'm about 60 way through the js course on codeacademy and it 's gotten to the point now where the author 's explainations are inconsistent and make little sense .
the author also confuses object keys with placeholder names which is distracting because it makes me stop understanding .
anyway to cut a long story short this is why i always forget programming skills that i 've already learnt because the instructor always starts assuming you do n't need to ask questions and the hints '' codeacacdemy provides do n't make things simpler .
does anyone know a useful js reference list in the form of say a book video or website which does n't mean i have to go back to the start which is usually when your mummy and daddy love each other very much they write console.log to write to the console '' ?
if anyone wants to try and change my mind and help explain this lesson to me feel free preview to lesson http i.imgur.com/i2fyvbs.png
i can still barely understand the list function i just wrote .
it took a lot of guess work to get which order to put all those words in because var key in object '' is n't exactly the most useful example specially when it contradicted itself in what key actually meant and 'object ' is purple in the example completely obscuring the context .
so 'people ' is the main parameter which is referenced back by a completely new global var called 'listthese ' i 've told the console in the condition of the for loop that listthese '' means everything in '' the friends object which is typed manually when executing the function which works because 'people ' references whatever i type in the execution .
i only just understood that but now it 's just talking rainbows .
edit sorry for my attitude i am very stressed because i 'm doing this along side my university course where i eventually have to create a mobile app not only for my dissertation but also for one of my later assignments .
the tutor said he 's going to give us code to study for another language entirely to help us probably c but i 'm trying to get through this ca course as fast as i can but to me it 's just saying apples are green now calculate the mass of the sun .
upvote me if you wan na reply as no it is n't '' downvote if your answer is yes it is terrorist ''
i got the logitec mx master mouse that lets u switch between 3 devices with one button .
is there a cheapish keyboard that has the same function so i could easily switch between desktop and surface .
there 's now a second source referring to steven 's initial denial of having the bonfire on oct 31 .
as covered in my previous post https www.reddit.com/r/makingamurderer/comments/41i72l/we_didnt_start_the_fire_what_we_know_about_the on nov 6 brendan initially denied having the bonfire to investigators and on feb 27 fassbender told brendan
you know steven said there was n't a fire that night .
he denied that denied that and denied that until enough witnesses came forward and said that had they seen a fire ... .. you know that .
now a second mention of steven denying the bonfire comes on nov 30 2005 from gil halsted wisconsin public radio on the nancy grace show http transcripts.cnn.com/transcripts/0511/30/ng.01.html yeah yeah i know
gil halstead wpr well he did steven avery did an interview with the associated press in which he did say that he thought he was being framed and he believed that teresa halbach was still alive .
and he actually called on her to come home if she could hear him .
he said a number of things to the reporter including that he really believed that he 's being framed and that some of the evidence found against him he had explanations for .
that`s why blood was found around his trailer and his garage .
he says that spent rifle shells that were found in his garage were there because his nephews had been shooting in the area .
he changed his story that he had told investigators before about a fire that where the bone fragments of teresa halbach were found .
now he says that he actually was burning tires and brush there on halloween which is the day that teresa halbach disappeared .
still no direct sources yet but where there 's smoke ...
i have n't talked to almost all of you in quite awhile .
normally i would n't reach out to the internet actually never but my closest friends are hammered and now in bed .
so i have dated a girl for a bit over four years now .
long story short i know in my heart of hearts that this relationship is going nowhere and it needs to end .
i 've never experienced a breakup of this calibre before and i 'd love to hear input from people who understand my situation .
does anyone know if there is anything in english about belgium brussels or the euro bubble ?
i have changed myself from a meek voiced person to a strong and confident voiced person in normal situations .
but during confrontations i still can not project all my aggression into my voice like many people seem to .
as a result people can dominate me just my being louder than me and my logic is completely overshadowed by their loudness and by me not getting my voice heard .
this is also a problem in a group setting/public forum .
i always get concious of how unnatural it would seem for me to blow my lid since i am the calmest person all the time .
now crusaders have around 50 of meta season 5 i made full thorn build that mostly crusaders build now and do n't know why it 's popular .
i 'm getting this problem where i get no animations when opening exiting and multitasking in apps
ever since i updated to 5.1.1 i 've had this issue is there any fix at all ?
i 'm using a uk variant on the three network
i 'm looking for some suggestions on which streaming media player to buy next .
i 've tried ps3 tivo and the roku 3 ... all of which had slow/laggy ui .
i finally decided that it was time to upgrade .
amazon fire tv 4k seems to have the best performance based on reviews .
hi ladies as title says i 'm a regular poster who has made a throwaway to hide my deep and disgusting shame .
the throwaway relates to my real account i do n't care if you ladies know which user i am but i just did n't want this linked to my other account because i think my partner might know it .
once he read my post about him being useless and shit and he actually let me sleep in .
i have bipolar disorder so i am used to generally being mentally unwell .
afterwards just fine my baby is amazing smart funny healthy and sleeps pretty well he is not the problem .
i just want to die and it 's not even his fault .
all of the post partum support focuses on the baby what to do for your baby how you can best bond with your baby .
i feel like even to doctors i do n't matter anymore all they want to talk about is my kid .
i feel like i could die now before he has any memories of me or i would have to wait until he is an adult himself as to not fuck him up entirely .
i do n't think it 's post partum depression i think it 's just the bipolar thing which means i get to live with it forever .
i 'm not taking any meds because i missed an appointment and now i 'm way too embarrassed to go back and they just make me tired and fat and dumb and i ca n't take them because my partner thinks it 's ridiculous that he should have to get up at night because i stay home even though the fucker only works like 30 hours a week at a non demanding job does no housework wo n't learn to drive so i have to take him and in general is terrible emotional support .
the only think they 'll offer me is the hospital but what good is it no one can look after my baby and i do n't want to wean him like the only think i can do right is make milk for him and i do n't want to leave him .
i think he 's going to die all the time when i 'm driving .
i 've tried to kill myself like four fucking times so i doubt i 'm in any real actual danger .
i also know that i could feel better in like 3 months .
i just do n't know what to do in the mean time i really do n't .
i get up feed baby dress him half heartedly play with him whilst he smiles and crawls and is just generally so excited on life while i sit on my phone or just lie on the floor .
i hardly take him anywhere he eats a lot of toast fruit steamed veg i do n't take him to any classes .
i feel like i 'm just waiting for everything to be done with .
tlrdr want to die but no one cares everything is about the baby ca n't do anything pointless rambling .
so after debloating turning off basically every feature this phone has to offer and almost giving up hope i found the source of my issue .
i use nova launcher but i never removed the origin home apk .
after removing this the home theme and home chooser or whatever it 's called my lag has pretty much disappeared .
not sure why it caused so much lag and annoyance but hey i fixed it so it 's cool .
i do n't know if this will help all variants or any for that matter but give it a shot if you 're rooted .
tldr disable or remove the home home theme and home chooser apks .
it keeps crashing on me after spazzing out after showing me horizontal lines and then suddenly rebooting .
after the dark brotherhood it is assumed that the dark brotherhood will rise again from the ashes in dawnstar but how will it re-establish its influence through areas lost during the great war ?
i had this idea of how my world became to be the way it is ... now i could just fob it off to there was a strange flick in social development that changed our way of thinking ... that made sex out to be not be a shameful thing ... to not be hidden away and for us to see it as a normal thing to get ones rocks of in mall ... buuuut i think it would be so cooler if say the world changed because of natural selection ...
when man was starting to stretch their fingers across the world a time where our evolutionary scale could tip with a single generation a small kink in the code changed ... where most women were normal others weren't..
they were hungry but not for food not for water for man !
they breed more often than the others and soon the 'normal ' woman dies out all we are left with are the hungry ones .
and of course they chose the men who are the most able most adept and best match for their appetites .
and this bread men who are perfect for fucking .
through generations upon generations this has made a world were to fuck is like to eat ... and that 's how i see the
our history is a lot like my history we have countries and politics we war and we have music and movies ... just a little different than normal tv ... during the sexual revolution the woman became vessels for everything and soon there is no asking ... it is not a gentleman 's world anymore ... sex is no longer a private and hidden thing ... and women are treated more like toilets and fuck toys than humans ...
in a world like this there would have been evolutions in tech that we do n't have in this one ... evolutions like body mods that are tailored for this lifestyle .
this is generally added by fathers at a young age but there are many more ... like the adjustable sensory settings that allow the user the ability to change the pleasure a woman will get ... or there is always gag removal or permi-wet ... mods that allow a man to produce more seamen and extend the cock mid fuck and create essentially a knot inside the woman ... .
i 'd love to describe it in more detail if you 'd like
see this is a big fantasy of mine ... and to some it will be odd and probably make no sense just because of the logistics ... . buuuuut i 've been looking forever for something like this on sights like literotica but i find they are either too short or all sex or just badly written ...
anyway i should stop blithering around ... my fantasy is that i 'm dating a woman who is only about 1-2 inches tall ...
i want to be a giant in her eyes ... in every way .
now it will take some creative thinking but i think that this will be a fun rp/story .
i would like to have been dating for a few months now ...
i 'm not bothered by the looks i get as you 're riding on my shoulder through the mall ...
i 've gotten used to not being able to penetrate you ... you 're masterful with your hands and mouth anyway ... and we 've discussed it ... but not played it out but you said if i wanted to bring a girl home we could both have fun ...
so if you 're a creative writer and you like the idea of being my pocket sized lover pm me ... or maybe you have something to add/edit ...
or if you 're not really into an au fantasy than i 'd like to do an violent rp ... it 's a big turn on to have a woman want to be waled on ... and it gets me excited just thinking about it .
let 's say that we have been married now for a few years and every night you have my dinner ready while i eat you go and prepare yourself in the bedroom for a very very rough night ... where i will really wale on you .
you will be beaten slapped had several thing shoved deep into you ... you will have a very saw night i have some lovely ideas for that one ... but you need to really like pain and want it !
i 'm the person who made the upcoast channel 5 '' series of weather channel based youtube videos .
recently i thought about collaborating with an artist to release a vhs paired album through bandcamp in the same way cassettes are sold now .
the album would be released at my bandcamp https upcoast.bandcamp.com with the vhs being sold as merch .
the artist would receive a generous cut of the proceeds from album sales as well as a free vhs tape with weather channel type visuals .
those who have seen my youtube channel https www.youtube.com/channel/ucm7vzlt5b5ee235b6klwbpq/videos ? sort=dd view=0 shelf_id=0 are aware that my aesthetic is based off of coastal weather channels in northern america and canada .
if anyone is interested feel free to contact me through reddit pms or on skype at jazzcat231 .
i am open to negotiation as this is my first time entering the world of bandcamp and selling music .
just swapped my front speakers for a more powerful pair and have the old fronts at the rear .
this means that the center channel which was in the matching set with the old fronts is different now .
i 've read that this can result in tonal mismatch when dialogue is part left/right part center .
i hardly watch any movies just gaming and music .
i always liked or i guess disliked but agreed with the idea that she might transform all the time because she 's not comfortable with herself .
does her eating give her the energy to sustain her lifestyle ?
2 i know the other pearls we 've seen recently have been in fairly stylistic settings but pearl seems to be a lot lighter than her peers .
i guess i always assumed she was a gift to rose and may be a pink diamond court member but what if she 's not ?
or is this just the hiatus getting to me ?
was in a pretty good run i walk into this room http i.imgur.com/6qwt4yj.png so i came i through the left door and killed the enemy which was a dank squirt .
so the enemy dies and immediately after there 's an explosion and i die the death screen says i died to poop .
i searched on the wiki in case there was a poop that could explode and there is n't one .
i was wondering if any of you guys have any ideas ?
edit i realise now that i have died due to the brown cap ...
21 y.o that has just recently moved to melb for 5 weeks however im doing deployment training and it sucks not knowing anyone just looking to meet some cool people to hang out with .
as if we need they need anymore confirmation that we do all indeed drink tea with the queen
i have this fellow player that got what seems to be softbanned ca n't recharge dropped items lost since weeks and ca n't seem to get out of it .
before you say she spoofed voluntarily or not i checked with her and do n't think she did .
she is just a casual gamer not that much invested in the game .
it would n't have been worth it to spoof that .
even if she did spoof she surely would have removed it and waited .
it 's been 3/4 weeks from what i read here that 's enough time .
she asked niantic and answered a copy/paste we only support official niantic labs software .
if we detect use of unofficial software that is deemed harmful to gameplay your account may be suspended or terminated . ''
she is n't a dev so i do n't think mock location was activated even once on her phone .
i do n't know about third party applications '' that automatically softban from ingress .
what can i ask her to check on her phone ?
have some of you tried to implement elliot wave theory http www.onlinetradingconcepts.com/images/technicalanalysis/elliottwave.gif at various scales or is it just eccentric methods ?
to those that have gotten the one-punch man volume books how are they ?
i am also looking for an ak ch 2 3 pattern 321 670 or 5 pattern 151 any condition .
if you like my items below and have one of these ak 's we can make a deal !
item click for inventory exterior click for in-game screenshot comment buyout keys
glock-18 fade factory new http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018985132/inventory 730_2_4692666914 0.021647462621331 http imgur.com/a/aleuj ibuypower 2014 holo on the tip !
stattrak™ m4a1-s bright water field-tested http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018985132/inventory 730_2_4727142080 0.19989842176437 http imgur.com/a/nigyz ibp holo kato'14 on barrel ldlc non-holo on back .
also has dat teamwork holo cuz you 're a teamplayer ! 55
if he is still doing radio how can i get a free download of it i do n't have sirius xm ?
or if he 's doing a podcast where can i get that ?
i am currently going the achievement to turn the whole world your religion as austria .
i revoked the privlegia a while back and am currently feeding the world to my vassals .
my question is is there any way to check vassal coring range other than by trial and error ?
i am currently trying to snake 6 or 7 vassals round africa to get into china from the otherwise but its incredibly frustrating
well as some my be well aware chain chronicle is shutting down .
this is a pretty sad time for people who love the game but i 'm not letting this go not that easily .
i ca n't convince gumi nor sega to keep the game going but i can sure as hell make my own chronicle so the stories i like are n't forgotten .
i 'm planning to record everything i can but i 'm gon na need some help .
i can do the main stories but i can not get everyone and train them to get to their stories in time of the closure in feburary .
before we let the chain chronicle stories being lost to the records of time it 's time to record everyone 's stories the chain stories and the side stories .
there are replays of the stories throughout your journey so i and possibly you will be recording it that way .
here 's a quality test using reflector 2 logo will be gone when i get to recording the real deal https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=sulvxglbc7u
the things i can record are as of this time of writing
all side stories the queen 's acension the longest day academy festival desert lullaby howling in the mist guidence of fate
the dreams of maidens found later out of 15 chain stories in total .
all event quests as of writing this holy night festival volunteers ' new year dusty 's war sale 2 mid-term exams pure hearts attack !
dusty 's war sale 3 rookie training quest defeat the rampaging golem !
all free quests side story for phoena holy kingdom sage 's tower and lake of sand .
phew that 's quite a lot to type but i 'm not done yet there 's more .
as with above i 'll also be recording characters stories .
thankfully gumi made it extremely easier to level up 5x and do tasks costs 1 stamina so finally i 'll be able to level them all up .
i do n't have all of them though and i 'm gon na need help with the community so below are all of the characters numbered left to right from the top. .
if i do not have everyone and i wan na see everyone 's stories .
so starting below i have 220 characters as 2/13/2016 though some of which i need to level appropriately with their titles after name use ctrl-f to find someone specific ...
marina fervent healer story heavy character tier 1 and 2
kain virtous mercenary story heavy character tier 1 and 2
michidia reliable archer story heavy character tier 1 and 2
kristian magic academy pupil sort of he needs to be leveled up to effect another character
diez boisterous sister need xien and mille for complete story
xien boisterous sister need diez and mille for complete story
mille boisterous sister need diez and xien for complete story
haruaki fated swordsman need taka for complete story whom of which i do not have
hero the captain and the main hero of our story whom of which i named john heavily important character tier 1 and tier 2
hero ver.2 the captain that after much time has become much much stronger again named john
zaren demon of vengence found later beating titan 's cave
hatifas demon of truth need hati for complete story which i need to find
phew that took a night and a half to type but as you can see i got quite a lot to record and even then to train to beat to play to work just to keep these stories alive .
everyone it 's up to us to save a completed chronicle by recording those cutscenes from the missing chain stories and characters i do n't have on me .
if you are able please do what you can to help .
just do n't make it hard-to-read '' blurry or outta synch or do n't have a logo on the video file itself the player is fine i suppose but not on the video itself as i want us to keep these straight from the game as possible .
also do n't use an external camera to record the screen not worth it like that and i know you can do better .
i 'll handle everything mentioned above and if i find characters along the way before the final day of feburary 28th i 'll respond to this post .
for everything else if you do a character i 'll need ...
encounter when you first meet the cahracter not for all characters ''
the rest of the cutscenes from start to finish ''
the full chain chronicle story that i do n't have ''
if gumi/sega make it possible to play these stories for the missing parts above i do n't have like say on the last week of the game i 'll handle everything myself but until then i 'll need help to complete this chronicle .
i do n't care what version of the game your playing as long as the story is recorded .
if possible also take a pif of the arcana of the character full screened .
no reason for this one just want to see the art for this one .
if you yourself ca n't record share this post then so we may find someone who can .
contact me at over9000lagonic on twitter if you need me to explain this further
you know what i 'm gon na take this a step further who were your favorite characters from this game whether playable or not and why ?
not the focus of saving the stories but it might be worth sharing for enjoyment purposes .
all level 1 and 2 star characters have been found wooooo ! ! !
final total of the day some training and found all 1 and 2 star characters have been found tomorrow until friday at 7pm est i 'll work on training characters .
aoi ogre maiden which unlocked a new chain story yay the dreams of maidens ''
i got sick for a few days but from those days and today i found ...
nimpha fortunate soldier which will make getting chests a little easier after i train her a bit
i 'm aware some of these are outta order i must have mis counted somewhere above thanks to everyone down below and on the gumi chronicle fourms for letting me know ahead of time .
also thanks for cheffzeff for recording the intro prolouge that starts when you first get the game .
the audio is a little low quality but it 's still the prolouge nontheless .
i 'm running out of ways to getting characters i am still doing the missions that get me prysma but i finished all the ones that get me premium tickets and i 'm working towards doing the missions that involve using a certain class multiple times .
just saying that i may not be able to get that many more characters from here on though i hope to find taka for haruaki 's sake .
i also hope to find all of the characters that unlock the chain stories in time though likely that 's not gon na happen ... '' sigh '' ...
it only took me stacking 230 fourtunate rings and consting recruiting now i can focus on revive fruits for the rings
finally got paid got reflector 2 and now i 'm ready to record the game but first above is a recording test for both vertical and horizontal styles of recording let me know what you all think .
i 'll record tomorrow after work around the evening time to see what everyone thinks so i hope for some well written comments .
zaren demon of vengence which is gained after beating titan 's cave wooooo ! ! !
and it only took me like 30 deaths to get through .
first 30 allies and the first chapter have been recorded .
made a lot of progress in getting characters today thanks valentine 's event
recorded another ten allies ' stories up to 40 so far
goryou ruthless boss funnily enough not found through using honor tokens
oletta sea breeze chief just in time for the demon raid coming
baltro dawn maritime captain yes that guy you might have seen during the main scenario
wayne captain of the holy guard luckily not through the bonus mission so there 's one 10,000 fighting down
all level 1 and 2 characters have been recorded and edited expect a link to the playlist for it in the near future .
loletta demon of destruction which unlocked the chain story 2 .
nothing new except that but thanks gumi for haivng an event coming where i 'll be able to get hati weeee .
hopefully you 'll also have an event where i can get the chain characters eh ?
current progress in recording some of which is edited is as follows
side stories 1 through 4 involving character development for phoena have been recorded .
current length if you put every video together about 14 hours and 22 minutes give or take
i 'm trying to go through a mode of doing ten allies a day with a chapter or two all in a day everyday so phew i 've got my work cut out for me .
at least most of the characters i have have thier stories unlocked fully so there 's not much as grinding i need to worry about except for the prysma missions which made getting a ton of these characters so much easier .
right now i 'm saving them up for the coming event coming in a couple of days one of them being hati wooo .
maybe i might be able to find some chain story characters most importantly juliana but me getting all of the chain characters would be great .
next week on saturday you 'll see a similar update as above so you all know where i am on recording characters .
it 's getting harder to record everything in time so after hati and possibly juliana if i find her i have to stop searching for characters ...
last character i wanted to find before the end well at least second to last but getting juliana might be a little rough to do unless next week is a miricale week for chain characters .
recorded a lot today a couple chapters a side quest storyline and five allies and i feel i 'm running out of time ...
current progress in recording some of which is edited is as follows
side stories 1 through 4 involving character development for phoena have been recorded .
side quest story lines queen 's acension acadamy festival and the longest day have been recorded .
current length if you put every video together about 37 hours 10 minutes give or take
i 've decided to not worry about doing the events i 'm already overwhelmed with doing the side quests and chain stories to do because of how long they are to do once and again for recording .
i 'm deeply sorry but this is something i have to do i do n't have a lot of time left to do this and recording 6-8 hours every single day is exhausting and is pushing my will of doing it .
in order my order of importance of recording things are
free quests for some reason there 's some missing for the quest line for the stolen caravan so ca n't do that one
this is how i 'll handle things do n't know if i 'll even bother trying to recruit for the final event next week i 'm unsure if i could record them let me know what you all think in the comments below ... '' sigh '' ...
some recordings are done but to see the most important one watch this https youtu.be/_9xhklefjzg
the game 's gone there 's nothing left i can do to chronicle what 's left but my final total recording time and data stuff is ...
233 allies ' stories i got all of mine in the nick of time like barely a minute left ... recorded
the chain stories 2 3 5 8 9 10 12 13 14 15 .
most free quests are done just did n't allow me to finish the lost caravan storyline via chronicle though i recorded what i could .
all main story up to this point act 2 chapter 2 recorded
approximate length after some heavy math 81 hours and 499 minutes or 89.32 hours
i 'll start posting whatever on monday of next week but i need a nap and a break from chain chronicle cause i 'm burnt out thanks for everyone who has helped out during this process of archiving the chrochronicle and i 'll share more news in a brand new post so this shall be the last one here though i 'll still read the comments down below if anyone makes any ...
ho guts i rooted my phone using kingo root but i got a problem when i opened apps that require root access the window to allow or deny appears and even i clicked on allow the app still says that root access was not granted .
as the title says i spilled lemonade onto the bottom of my monitor my keyboard took a hit too but i was planning on replacing it soon so i 'm fine with just laving it .
it 's hard to explain here 's http imgur.com/ictxzlq a picture that shows it off fairly well it 's hard to see in a lot of cases the problem does n't show up on screenshots so i manually did it .
whenever i use the monitor part of the image is distorted showing different 'tinted ' for lack of a better word colours and blurry lines in a vertical rectangle .
sadly i was n't able to turn off the monitor immediately as i bumped the glass as i went to answer the door meaning i did n't see it for a few minutes .
i tried opening the back to see the damage but i ca n't figure out a way to do that without causing permanent damage the asus vx24ah only has one screw right in the middle near the hdmi ports and removing it didnt make any noticable difference .
at first i thought the problem was that it caused stuck pixels so i tried multiple methods of fixing them including applying pressure and rapid colour changes as seen in the screenshot but that did n't do anything noticeable unless i somehow did it wrong .
since the error does n't show up in application screenshots i think as someone who does n't know anything about monitors that something physical must have happened to the monitor but i do n't see how the distortion could have reached all the way up to the top when the spill only covered about a third of the way up .
any help would be appreciated either on how to remove the back or on how to fix it or on whether i have to get it professionally fixed/replaced .
let 's start with the fact that i love the addition of the hextech crafting .
i think it 's great we can get content for free playing with friends gets you keys/chest even easier .
i 'm sure rioters are here on reddit and i 'm aware that milions of people already play this game..
but every week or so there is a post where the topic is..
not to mention runes runepages are expensive even for older players .
it 's so grindfull and feels horrible to play .
you feel like you do n't learn anything just get as fast as you can to lv30 so you can start playing ?
please implement some changes next season to the new player experience the seasoned player experience .
consider adding daily quests lowering the overall cost for runes runepages .
this game is very unforgiving for the casual player .
hey just wondering what time and date will ranks be reset for season 6 ?
his facial features kind of remind me of the actor jake gyllenhaal .
i think he is russian he seems to speak a language like that in other videos correct me if i am wrong ?
did you see that seductive tongue lick in the beginning ?
the way he looks longingly at the girl to see if she 's enjoying herself ?
i extracted this song from a counter strike map and have been unable to find the name of the remix for ages .
if anyone knows the name of it please let me know !
was at a 10 last night i think after a long break and i was playing around with this app i found called hyperspektiv https appsto.re/us/ozje_.i and holy shit i was tripping hard .
it pretty much distorts your camera feed and it felt like real life ...
a friend of mine just launched his ambitious project for a spray printer for interior and exterior design
the guy is a born macgyver making prototypes for his ideas out of anything he can get his hands on .
give it a look if you 're into it support .
they play tv lounge a couple times a year .
make sure to catch those shows they 're really fun .
drop the difficulty like that see everyone swarm back over to get newly mined coins until the next difficulty increase then they switch back and the cycle continues .
as many have shown in the past sha256 pow is n't particularly safe '' due to the sheer amount of hashing power than can play havoc on it .
... even though bank signs may state that no one is allowed access to the safe deposit box upon your death there are 2 exceptions .
if a husband and wife rented the box jointly after one spouse 's death the other has access to the box .
also the executor named in a will is permitted to enter the box to retrieve the will a cemetery deed and burial papers .
this access is supervised by bank personnel and only those items can be removed then .
instacart sets you out with shifts based on hours and you can pick up and change your shift as much as you want except for 24 hours before
but tiber septim the greatest leader of the empire was a nord .
and you have to travel to sovngarde to stop alduin .
then again since you have the soul of a dragon akatosh probably has more dibs on it than shor .
when dragons dogma was originally released 2 years ago well you could imagine the power immature people were given the first time ever .
is there a way to see free agent responses ?
i do n't see it on the side panel but i 'm on an ipad
the library is wrtten in pretty much all c afaik and is basically a wrapper for opengl so it should be about as fast as you 'd need the only thing faster is the use straight opengl or poke the framebuffer directly not recommended
lots of console game emulators nes snes etc use sdl to render video and for the various video filters .
i capped my framerate at 30fps or 60fps i 'd have to look at the code again ... because that 's the refresh rate of the original game and as long as you can get decent refresh rates ur set .
a quick glance at it and i noticed a couple things .
1 you need to be quoting those variables when you call them i '' not i
2 i do n't see a reason you would need to have the foldername variable inside the loop it 's getting set for every file if all the files are in the same folder already .
set that outside the loop so its only done once .
yes honestly it makes for far less how in the fuck did i just get killed moments ''
three of them were sub ten kills and over twenty deaths .
yeah that 's why it 's short and cheap .
if it were an avoiding fa '' contract it would 've been for at least 5 years and for at the very least about 14m aav .
my theory is gmdm is planning on letting the next couple year play out then waiting for the 2017 offseason to make all the painful decisions rather than sign anyone long-term now for less .
this is the best tl dr i could make original http www.telegraph.co.uk/news/science/science-news/12103254/giant-worms-discovered-on-remote-scottish-island.html reduced by 73 .
the worms latin name lumbricus terrestris were found at papadil an abandoned settlement on rum which is home to a tiny population of around 30 people .
dr butt believes the rum worms are bigger than average due to their remote undisturbed location with good quality soil .
earthworm facts from expert dr kevin butt weight of a normal earthworm 4-5 grams weight of the rum earthworms 12.5 grams about the same as a small mouse the previous biggest specimen found was in the yorkshire dales in the late 1990s weighing 8 grams earthworms breathe through their skins to get an earthworm out of the ground put water mixed with mustard powder down its hole .
extended summary http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/41pwj3/earthworms_the_size_of_a_baby_snake_weighing_as faq http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 28302 tl drs so far . ''
theory http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords earthworm 1 worm 2 rum 3 out 4 grow 5
it 's more like you are being overly cynical .
clinton is not the only person being paid large amounts to make speeches .
are you able to demonstrate a single incident where she was being paid for favors '' ?
if you ask me everything should have a special animation even vanilla minions that stink .
i was running 25-30 miles a week before i got pregnant and dropped back to 15 miles/week although that 's what i 've done the past two years thanks to daylight savings time changes and an intense dislike of the treadmill .
i 've mostly just lost speed i typically run 5 miles at a time before i got pregnant i was running at an 8:30 pace now i 'm about a 9:45 10:00 pace at 18 weeks .
i find that the entire time i run i have the feeling of needing to pee but that i do n't actually have to go if i stop and walk it disappears .
it 's annoying but not enough for me to quit .
i do n't think i could increase my distance beyond 6 or 7 miles at this point but it sounds like you 're not planning to run any further than you do already so i 'd think you 'll be fine .
from what i 've been able to play around with it seems heavily based on excel .
i 've been able to format stats like highest and lowest clear count as well as add a few stats of my own avg clear count totals etc .
as for your guess as to whether of not it will update itself it probably wo n't .
your submission was removed from r/spacex for breaking our community rules http www.reddit.com/r/spacex/wiki/rules
rule 9 r/spacex/wiki/rules wiki_9._please_check_the_stickied_thread.28s.29 while there is a live ask anything thread stickied please post your questions there .
moderator note since this is a would this work ? ''
post can it go in the stickied ask anything thread ?
you may see your removed submission here https www.reddit.com/r/spacex/comments/41puoo/why_collets .
if you feel this removal was made in error please contact the mods .
oh well in that case it was totally deserved if not an outright act of mercy .
i make no claims to knowing how simple one is to implement over another .
but it certainly seems like trackir would be the easier to put in .
and they very well may be working on that as part of the vr work they 're going to do .
i suspect they 've a team working on it that is moving from one project to the next just like they do the various ships .
but one can hope they go for trackir first .
matrixing the planned release http portlandtribune.com/scs/83-news/21425-jail-matrix-kicks-inmates-to-the-curb of criminals from overcrowded jails based on a database and point system .
like the types of cuts/sores one gets in their mouth from fucking a monkey ?
will undoubtedly be more expensive than greens but i work in the building so for the convenience i will probably pay it .
they are apple music playlists therefore you should be able to play they using apple music ... anything else is poor ux .
it 's like apple putting icons for a bunch of android-only apps on the front page of the app store and you saying it 's a deliberate move to make it clear that the developers are limiting your choice ''
shit i ca n't believe that was 3-d printed that 's amazing
he knew exactly what to do if that particular exchage happened yes but he had no way of knowing if it would happen or go the way it did .
the eardrum is wafer thin and extremely susceptible to permanent damage and as a result permanent hearing damage if you poke a hole in it .
i have n't been to many other stores but the vans has some real good prices .
its buy one get one half off on all the discounted shoes and thats half off off the already discounted price
that 's not exactly the same as a literature course
op did n't take a god damn literature course .
if op had taken a literature course you would be correct but he did n't !
i think it 'd be interesting to see what psycho staff by mizukami satoshi could have been .
i liked the premise and think it could have gotten even more interesting had they taken him up into space and wrestled with themes of war pacifism obligations and purpose .
instead it got axed but at least he went on to write other great series instead lucifer and the biscuit hammer sengoku youko and spirit circle .
i use my card for everything i can but i definitely keep some cash too
same exact thing happened to me on my first attempt lol
seriously though black is probably the second best color at ramp besides green .
coffers nykthos shrine to nyx crypt ghast nirkana revenant crypt of agadeem caged sun extraplanar lens etc are all very powerful in mono black .
black does card draw and creature removal very well .
if you are mono black i highly recommend leaving your conscience at the door and murdering every creature that your opponents play .
i play chainer and his best friends are fleshbag marauder merciless executioner and slum reaper .
those boys get even nastier when i have a butcher of malakir or grave pact .
i really enjoy chainer as a reanimator general he is very strong and offers a lot of options every time i untap .
getting hit with graveyard hate sucks but since i can target any creature in any yard it is n't devastating .
i also get to avoid my deck completely becoming black goodstuff which is what most erebos decks become .
hpv actually does n't show up in std tests .
it can only be tested for in women by testing cervical cells aka a pap smear .
but its not on this subreddit here are only stupid posts about qq and about rp mods about that cs sux and noone watches it etc .
i think the qbs that have had the most success against us have thrown shorter and quick passes which has also taken our pass rush out of the game .
the cardinals like to go deep and that is n't our defensive strength but it does give the pass rush more time .
it promised the world and is n't even effective as a paperweight .
i am completely opposed to the constitution and to all government .
the constitution is just a piece of paper not even fit for wiping one 's ass it can neither increase nor decrease liberty .
every person who critiques the cost of sanders ' plan also advocates for high military spending ?
it 's such a dumb non-sequitur/strawman/ad hominem/whataboutism form of intellectual laziness .
there 's a paddy 's pub around the corner from me in ottawa .
that 's also part of the reason season 2 of fargo was awesome .
they asked to join the actual uk https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maltese_united_kingdom_integration_referendum 1956
kinda like a much smaller version of the idea for an imperial federation https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imperial_federation
if you 're like me and do n't mind playing on mobile it 's available for android and ios .
playing a game like this on mobile is not for everyone but i do n't mind .
you posted on a open public forum if you ca n't handle criticism do n't post on a open public forum .
but his weight is shifted to the front of the bike even to make this happen so the back wheels have little weight on them to begin with .
when he sat down the weight transferred back to the rear creating more friction for the spinning tires and taking only one rotation to build up to breaking point as you pointed out .
so with them already heated up and getting sticky it does n't take long before they will absolutely grip that one rotation and transfer the energy back to the bike .
the right rear tire is the one that gave away got grip because centrifugal force is also transferring the weight to that tire compounding the effect .
also the tire gripping against the curb already sent some of the energy to the bike preloading it for disaster .
i was at hampton beach in new hampshire and wanted to play some skee ball .
i won a few tickets but all it could pay for was like 4 tootsie rolls .
whatever when i go to cash in the tickets for the tootsies the guy behind the counter just reached in and gave me a huge handful .
i do n't need 40 pieces of waxy chocolate in my possession .
so without thinking i decide to just give them to some kid .
his big sister was there and stopped him from taking them from me .
i still remember being like i promise you there 's nothing shady about it . ''
she responded i 'm sure but it 's just better that he does n't think that this is okay . ''
it hit me like a ton of bricks and i felt like a douchey creeper .
good looking out for your kid brother big sister !
not to mention sun 's company has something to do with water down medicine iirc as well as kala during that presentation
not quite that one there 's a more recognizable one out there .
also gives me chance to practise this deck a little with masters of the office supplies !
not if you end up doing 1v1 commander non-duel .
they encourage house rules with offering a free mulligan but it is not official by any means .
go to the esso on 14th street near marda loop !
what the hell i did n't even notice that and i was there ...
i must have been taking a water break or something .
not only are they endorsing but they are running phone banks in iowa to encourage members to vote for their chosen candidate .
but bernie has a sterling record on lgbt on since the early 70 's .
in her last election hillary was against gay marriage .
this is an outrageous decision made by a board with no member vote .
there 's many tutorials on the internet on how to put together the lego like pieces of a pc .
even some local stores offer to put your pc together for like 50 if you 're that clueless .
i enjoy it and it was a book which brought me into the genre .
people who have no in depth knowledge of america or american politics do n't understand what 's going on .
if brits/other people believe something it must be right and the righteous thing right ?
i have my own problems with both trump and sanders but i also have an in depth understanding of why they are where they are .
the only reason brits understand sanders is because he represents something and a mentality they are familiar with .
as much as i want to feel good about liking sanders there is also a real threat that sanders will usher in a european system where individuality is subjugated to uniformity .
no speed and had a ton of carries in college .
i expect he 'll be similar to melvin gordon .
is it better for everyday citizens to have more generic disaster preparation supplies and knowledge or try to figure out what could be most important for our geographic locations ?
if so what are good common-language resources for disaster prediction by region ?
i wish i still had acces to their forum to post some of the crap he does there or what does dictatorship look like .
you have no idea how much they can shit on you if you dont troll/flame but even put in discussion mittani anyone who never seen it really should .
one thing is to read his bs around but it really gets to you when you see how naive or stupid he is thinking his forum is better then reddit .
and btw they dont even post that much on sa '' .
i do n't really have much to go off of honestly .
i 've only ever attempted to date two people and both accepted .
they just did n't work out and did n't go very far .
if by that you mean proto fascist absolutely but it wo n't be the people 's fault for doing what they have to do in order to protect their families their culture and their homeland .
it 's quite short but gives a great insight to the process of making a song from the authors point of view .
have n't looked into this too much but i do n't believe the iphone 5 can be unlocked completely for domestic use at least that 's how sprint iphones worked .
she wont fly but jump high snyder confirmed but hey wishful thinking says that she will get the winged sandals of hermes ! !
did n't gibbs make a video asking to fix the ranked matchmaking ? sorry but if a best player in the world is suggesting it its for some reason
gibbs while he is a fantastic player that does n't mean he knows exactly what he is talking about .
ranked matchmaking in the higher mmr gold iii and higher does have issues .
these players at such a high skill level have less and less players to pair up with equal skill so it has to find players lower than their skill or higher much more often just to get a match .
usually they get matched with players below their skill level and lose 10 points a defeat and gain less than 5 per win .
it 's not broken it 's just there is n't very many chances to get an equal match at such a high mmr .
in gibbs ' playing with potatoes '' series he did n't even know he was facing silver ii opponents when he was in bronze iii due to how mmr skyrockets when a playlist first starts off .
he does n't even know how exactly trending works either .
i 'm not saying this to insult him but he never took the time to full on learn what is happening .
you ca n't defend something that ca n't be defended at all you are just trying to cover the sun with one finger
you ca n't attack something without knowing anything about it .
rl is not the only game with a broken mm btw you can defend it however you want but some people are not stupid dude .
no they are n't stupid however rocket league does not have broken matchmaking .
it works 99 of the time if not 100 given the rules it follows .
unsatisfactory results does not mean it is broken it means that people do n't like it .
while there are unfair matchups it happens through the rules of matchmaking .
if you want what 's really wrong with matchmaking hidden mmr and ranked this post https www.reddit.com/r/rocketleague/comments/414k6q/what_is_wrong_with_matchmaking_hidden_mmr_and suits quite nicely .
none of it is complaining about anything being broken .
it 's stating inefficiencies and problems that a player faces .
this is a proper way notifying about instances that are wrong without calling them broken .
so how in the hell these guys can have my same mmr
mmr rises faster than it falls for the first 30-60 games .
they went on a win streak and now their mmr has surpassed their ability .
which is irrelevant to whether or not that they 're ps4 because the same exact thing happens to pc players .
so if you have 100 hours just this week it would be suggested that your mmr has a capped certainty and no longer rises faster than it falls .
d y s h i h o s p o f s y d s
if you are wanting to prove yourself you can start by writing properly .
people complain a lot about leavers but its a lack of respect for those who are getting higher to be forced to play 4 mins !
of match with guys that just played 2 o 3 ranked matches so.. aha !
forced to play forced to lose as far a lot players leave and they are right with the best reasons..
if you are going to communicate at least do so properly .
the loss of production in the usa is because of the shutting down of fracking and other sites as the price of oil has dropped below the practical cost to pump out these reserves at the wellhead .
oil companies are fcapping these wells awaiting a time when the price of oil rebounds .
i am curious though is a condensate '' what is referred to as natural gas ?
i 'd encourage you to talk to a real estate agent .
this is one of the biggest buys you 'll probably make in your life and it 's an important and very legal transaction .
a good experienced agent can help you find the best loan programs for your circumstances help you understand each step of the process explain all the things that are difficult to understand right away and negotiate the contract when you find a house you like .
what has pushed you into believing you need separate queue for solo only players and do you even expect dynamic queue to have a decent popularity in 2016 ?
i thought reddit was not a good source of feedback and i am genuenly curious to what your data is on this .
i feel like it 's going to be a cat*astrophe .
those things show that it 's different not how .
and like i said in a medium without motion it tells the reader what 's happening to luffy .
i mean do you honesty feel gear 4 needs more to it ?
it 's very powerful and very versatile and none of the other gears involved having hidden depths .
like post timeskip being able to gear 2 individual limbs and not going small after gear 3 .
like luffy doing gear 4 then shrinking his muscles with strength so the air is under more pressure meaning he is n't bouncing and is stronger .
but that 's not the sort of think op is implying and others are talking about .
awkward moment of today when a woman boards the train and it seems she is pregnant ... no baby badge ...
cue many people silently debating whether or not to get up when another woman gets up and we all breathe a sigh of relief .
another guy felt bad for the woman who got up and gave her his seat he said he was getting off at the next stop but he has n't gotten off yet ...
edit being held outside earl 's court due to congestion from the piccadilly line being delayed .
driver said we will be on the move through earl 's court and the beautiful city of london shortly '' which prompted my entire carriage to laugh
second edit we are apparently being held as station staff attempt to retrieve a shoe at earl 's court
it 's intended to prevent people from instantly dying while taking automatic fire .
people would never get wounded '' if they took damage while the animation continued unless it was a shotgun or sniper rifle .
no offense meant but how is this something appropriate for a destiny sub ?
if you like it or not he is trying to teach you something .
he spends all this effort preparing lessons and teaching and all he gets in return is spoiled kids like you .
but the thing is he will get payed regardless of the effort you put in .
the only person being negatively affected by not doing homework is you .
also you either make your homework or do n't in either case you should n't say sorry '' .
on twitter it 's a different story but i 'm fairly sensible on that .
how do you fit 50 marines on a ship smaller than a destroyer ?
while i prefer painted armies and would like a rule that obligates the player to have all units painted i really liked your answer and will changed my perspective of this .
i still prefer everything painted way more fun to the eyes but this is a game of fun after all .
and for some is like you said they want to play rest is secondary .
hell there are people that just want to paint and not to play !
would it be worth it to just replace the motor ?
also you 're certain that it 's the motor at fault ?
i started keto march 8 2015 with almost the same stats .
it took a couple weeks to get over the carb cravings and get keto adapted .
the first 5 lbs gone in the first week .
15 lbs came off easy in 3 months or so the next 10 lbs over the summer and fall .
i just broke through a scale plateau and finally weighed under 150 lbs .
almost a year later where did the time go ?
and i am still 15 lbs away from 135 lbs but that 's o.k .
seeing your clothes get too large for you and taking body measurements can help you see progress your scale may not show wooshes are real .
xxketo is awesomely supportive and r/1200isplentyketo can help us shorter ladies with ideas for smaller keto meals .
once fat adapted hunger is much less of an issue .
with a long term outlook small slip ups can be overcome i believe you can do this !
best of luck kcko keep calm and keto on !
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur adipiscing elit sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua .
ut enim ad minim veniam quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat .
duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur .
excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum .
i took the approach to tell her i like wearing padded plastic undergarments to ease her into understanding .
just bursting out that i like to pee and sometimes even 2 into diapers too arouse seemed a little too much at once for me .
if she he loves you it wo n't kill your relationship .
your situation can only get better when you stop keeping your desires secret .
do n't go down to his level let him live in wonderland or whereever he lives .
i would say since it communicates in a beetle like fashion probably not .
it can however learn undercommon so get your undercommon for dummies books ready xd
i have told lots of people and only a few insecure guy friends have teased me about it .
it 's not like i have the most extreme feedism porn on a t-shirt but i do n't miss a chance to mention that big girls can be sexy any time the topic comes up .
with my wife i told her a couple of weeks after we started dating my approach is to constantly remind her that she 's perfect as she is without needing to lose or gain weight to be attractive to me .
i have to be careful because knowing i 'd like to see her eat and get bigger is a really sensitive issue she needs to feel attractive and talking about her changing makes her feel like i 'm not into her the way she is .
so whenever i talk to her overeating or getting bigger i am always careful to remind her that those are only fantasies for me .
it 's not what i really want i just enjoy fantasizing about it .
sometimes she indulges me a little but i make sure she knows she does n't have to .
she 's chubby and super confident about her body .
she eats a ton of healthy food and works out a lot so she is super healthy .
my advice to anyone is just be open about it and try to focus on the cutest most innocent aspects at first .
think about how it affects her and treat her as your equal and your relationship will be healthy and awesome .
traditionally we were never more than average against top opposition .
we 'd win the league by absolutely annihilating everyone else .
thar 's naught wrong wit ' a kind heart '' ceru replied as he took the flask taking note of the girls actions .
he took a small swig before stashing the flask away and he continued so long as ye do n't let it get ye killed ''
he paused for a moment thinking of the best way to broach the topic he curious about while minimizing the discomfort it may cause .
he took off cap to scratch his head as he asked which brin 's me t ' me next question wha ' sort o ' monstrosity led t ' four students gettin ' brought here two o ' which are lucky t ' still be breathin ' ? ''
the world war ii phase of the career of the controversial american general george s. patton .
how has this thread gone this far with out bill nye the party guy http imgur.com/gallery/iz0iqjb ?
still it feels like constellations have been out forever .
could also be that they decided to introduce awoken greco-roman skillups in this new biweekly instead of constellation skillups
sorry if i asking a noob question but what do i equip for a maya aaci ?
or do i need to replace stuff and with what ?
if by recently you mean the last 6 months and even then they only have 6 more points than us and we have a nice run coming up we finished joint points with them last year in our worst season in a very long time .
a girl i used to be friends with said she needed help moving just a couple of things '' .
my boyfriend and i were out to dinner on a date when we got the text our other friend had bailed on her and we thought it would n't take much time out of our night since she lived near by .
we get there kind of late around 10 pm and not a single thing is in a box hell there were n't even any boxes and then she tells us that she has to be out of there by 6 am because the new tenant is moving in ... we break our backs moving her shit all night long and once everyones car is all loaded up she reveals to us that she does n't have the keys to the new place for a few days and needs somewhere to store all her shit and stay .
so we unpack all her shit into our living room/kitchen/hallways .
all the while she keeps saying shit like it 's fine it wo n't take that long . ''
she never even said thank you or even acknowledged that we were helping her out .
after that night i wrote her a long email telling her how shitty that was and that i did n't want to be her friend any more .
i was on 4.3 until the new nexus came out and the play store was up to date .
it 'd update every time a new version was announced on r/android
everyone at my store said it would take about three months before you really get comfortable on bar and that eventually things will just click .
one piece of advice i was given was that every drink is basically the same thing steamed milk and espresso .
the only thing that separates a latte from a mocha is the chocolate and whip but you get it .
yeah haha i was honestly confused about what you meant .
i wasnt there to watch the stream can someone tell me what happened ?
open source highly configurable zero dollar clients for most platforms .
damn this hair on my screen is very resilient .
it just wont go away ... ... oh wait ... .
daedalus holy arrows adamantite armour allowed me to kill every boss on expert mode both twins and destroyer in one night also
probably could do all 3 mecha bosses at once with the set-up
now you can stalk any weird things he has been doing
it 's very true that you 're always going to run into coworkers you do n't necessarily get along with however make sure to stand up for yourself !
there 's a fine line between coexisting peacefully and being a total pushover .
do n't let this situation get to a point where you 're miserable to be at work around her even after precepting is done .
it 's sad but nursing hardens people over time and she is probably just grouchy and out of touch with what it was like to be a newbie .
stick it out i promise it 'll get better !
being a new nurse sucks sometimes because of all the flack you get from being new but it gets better and it 'll be more than worth it .
nah in the replay that is just a graphical error .
i do n't deny he knew where the player was it was n't me it was more the speed with which he shot him and the fact it was an instant headshot and only one bullet fired .
op 's flair is bowser jr. i think he has a legitimate reason to think about a secondary for the rosalina and villager matchups as they can both easily shut down his entire neutral game and edgeguard him effortlessly making winning via any method other than severely outplaying your opponents extremely difficult .
yeah true and i checked the jobs and they have a lot of hours .
the question is if hitler was hiding all this time and we tracked him down would we feel the same way about not punishing a msn for something 70 years ago ?
that 's all well and good but was the south african government labelled a terrorist state ?
terrorism is a word states use for people who do the same things they do .
the violence of mandela was obviously justified the violence necessary to sustain apartheid was not .
the word terrorist '' is used to shut down dialogue because terrorism is automatically considered illegitimate .
it 's a conversation-stopper and that 's why i detest it .
wow near perfectly captures our current season and squad .
i 'd add one line about our 'goals conceded/shots on target ' on our goal ratio .
i know it must be in the worst 3/20 .
who comes up with the puns you so passionately deliver on the show ?
i 'm removing this post as well because if someone clicks on your username they can still see the title of the deleted post you are referencing .
getting rid of this will make it less likely for anyone who would be curious to accidentally spoil themselves .
well the same thing happens these days i train jf toons on my cyno links and incursion toons accounts then sell them every 6 months on the character bazaar so yea that will still be a thing but accounts that exist purely as farmers will not be self sustaining their will need to be a side industry for them .
sometimes you ca n't find what you need at that moment in anything but writing .
but 20 gb of plain text files is a bit much
the majority of people who are going to play the game have it maybe 20 are waiting for release but a lot of the people who join release will be gone 2 weeks after just like the christmas update .
mmmmbop ... times by 2 bop ... .skibbley ob ob doo bop ...
gona get confusing with the native indians and indian indians .
ahahaha ive had for a long time now like 9 years
now did he say that because it 's true or did he say it to shut people up ?
i do n't mean to be rude but you could move you know .
i could but there are other things that matter besides climate .
in particular i have a responsibility to support my family and there are comparable career opportunities for me in better climate conditions at least at the moment .
i read it and i disagree i would still be bored after a couple of hours .
even more impressive/humiliating was when floyd landed three hard left hooks in a row all realitively flush on gatti 's jaw .
i think thats what prompted jim lampley to say this is embarrassing . ''
i do n't mind ku because it 's in norman but i 'd rather not think about the game in morgantown .
seems like running costs get calculated on the vehicles birthday and stay the same for the entire next year of the vehicle 's life but remaining value gets recalculated monthly .
you took a big risk using an orb of alchemy .
would the r9 380 be worth the 40 dollar difference ?
and what difference would it be if i opted for a single 8 ddr4 stick ?
i 'd kick byu out of the independents into our rightful place in the big12/pac-14
thanks i appreciate the pointer i 'll give them a call .
where i live does n't matter adults can use cabs/buses/trains/subways/metros/personal vehicles .
12 bucks and i will go apeshit on that thing .
some people die of cancer at age 5 and some live to 110 .
life is n't fair and not everyone is equal .
watch the right side of the castle a dude picks it up after meat is created
looks like your next project is adding volume marks to all your carboys .
also does the professor writing the new edition get most the extra money or is it the parent university ?
i assume the latter but would n't the professor own the rights to his work ?
or do the universities force professors to produce textbooks that they do n't own the rights to ?
scarlet sun would tie in very well with book 2 i did it myself and was happy with the result but i really do n't see it fitting in to book 1 as well .
edit we just updated the flair to include transparent backgrounds .
i remember running into this when i made fuel for my model rockets a few years ago had never heard it used before ended up throwing together an approximation and hoping for the best .
i think they made the trade because they clash in terms of position .
plus love is/was a pretty established player in the league and the way he plays theoretically works well with lebron .
too bad it ca n't just be the cardinals vs the panthers for super bowl .
i do n't want to see the donkey or the cheatriots in it at all .
it took a bit longer than i expected but here ya go !
if you ca n't tell what is on the inside of his jacket http cdn2.sbnation.com/assets/3799463/image-5.jpeg
i paused staring at the ceiling for awhile as i contemplated the idea .
it is so nice to see someone say that !
countless times i tried to explain that logically the one who is making the claim needs to provide proof .
sounds like you just did n't fit the mold in tech .
maybe you should apply at best buy to be an agent there .
and now i 'm actually glad that my husbando is purely imaginary and ca n't actually get upset with you about this .
been getting tired of having to wait to do my major lifts at the gym so i decided i 'm going to make a home gym .
it 's going to take a while to be fully self sufficient but with the exception of dl i can do my 3 main movements myself .
right now i have this power rack http imgur.com/yw03snh for which i paid 300 that has dip attachments and a pull up/chin up bar .
a full set of olympic weights and a bar 150
and this half rack with a lat pulldown http imgur.com/wi7i7eh that came with an adjustable incline bench olympic barbell and a full set of olympic weights for 160 !
now i have 2 bars and full sets of weights
all i need now is a black iron oxide bar some dumbbells a rope attachment a wide lat bar 2 more 45s and to build my dl platform .
should have my own home james fully operational by next month or so .
ah i did n't know that but it 's still a lot more than i know so still learning
you can teach kids to code js and/or java using minecraft .
and it 's gorski 's personal mob or r/eve being toxic instead of the goons reaping what they sow ?
i for one volunteer for u/gorski_car 's personal mob on r/eve
it is filled with many dank memes and i can hide from my accountability .
i can hide from what i dont like and circlejerk for day !
yes the the rope is in the system so it will absorb much of the force of the fall .
it also matters that there is far more rope in the system than cordelette and a good deal of rope out compared to the distance of the fall .
also think about it this way quickdraw dogbones are not very dynamic either but the top draw in a lead fall can withstand the force of the fall because that force is greatly reduced by rope stretch .
well it will help the democrats in the idea that it will ramp up communities that have to deal with these immigration issues asian/latino .
even then if this is overturned it can give trump/gop a boost in claiming that even the supreme court states that immigration actions are unconstitutional .
it wo n't give way for immigration reform it will just give way as following the current laws in place .
it will help the democrats and the anti-establishment republicans who are currently leading in polls trump/cruz .
if you 're over 310 you should know by now the rewards of the nightfall are not for you .
if you want a great heavy or the d maw helmet than that would be a great reason to run the nightfall .
they happen to be the same thing in this case .
if only more companies realised that the two overlap .
i am using rbc for the last 6 years .
its not best of the best but does the job !
i was trying to help my mom request absentee ballots from florida for the primaries and we discovered that both my brother and my step father are registered as republicans and therefore ca n't request democratic primary ballots .
he thought it was funny to annoy all of the family and claim he was voting for bush .
my mom may have committed election fraud and filled out his absentee ballot .
but she had no explanation for her husband 's registration .
last time i went in and asked for some sativa .
the budtender said they only had one in stock and that it was greenhouse grown and not great and as a result it was cheaper than their other stuff .
while i agree that words only hold the power you give them he made the right choice .
no matter how much samuel told him to say it or whatever had he said it the media would have been all over him and he would have lost his job .
it has nothing to do with egalitarianism trust me .
i 'm sorry you feel that way as this is 100 real .
i have removed dead spots between cars that is it .
i also have the communication automated emails from apple when i put the phone in lost mode and the email that said it was found .
an empty gun ... we 've all done stupid things when we were kids but yah putting oil on the cat before he lit it on fire is kind of disturbing .
have a frank discussion with your boss and possibly someone higher than that .
i went through exactly this over the last few years .
i went to hr and my manager talked it over and i got a title change as well as a 20 pay increase .
it really comes down to how much your employer values your work in my opinion .
some employers are just concerned with output some are concerned about their employees .
it sounds like yours is one of the former sadly .
philip schofield and holly willoughby did the science they 're the same size .
you 're correct except it was n't originally rockstar .
the original max payne was developed by remedy and published by gathering of developers .
to other users posting on this thread and not to the submitter of this particular thread offering on price check and question threads is not allowed .
failure to abide by this rule may result in a temporary or permanent ban .
sharking is not tolerated here and any attempt made will result in a permanent ban .
please refer to our subreddit 's rules as well if you have any doubts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensivetrade if you have any questions or concerns .
met someone from cid who said there were 5,800 people
someday i will be able to do that on an easy song
raw has gotten so boring to me that i do n't care if i miss it .
also it 's too easy to tell what is going to happen because wwe has turned into a company that does n't listen to the fans .
wwe is n't really subtle with when they give guys a push it 's pretty easy to know who wwe wants to be face .
i have turned into that guy that only watches the ppv .
what is the name of your company and what type of business is it ?
my company is called blastpad and we help people create eye-catching resume websites .
we 've recently pivoted so we 're in need of a logo and identity to fit our new business model .
what style s of logos are you interested in links to examples would be great if they 're not well know brands .
i also like clever logos or logos that have hidden meaning .
i am open to great ideas and open to allowing lots of creative freedom .
our user base is young and fun so there 's space for thinking outside of the box .
also it 's my birthday in two days so this would be a great birthday gift .
similar to yours only thing i liked about injustice was how p1 by default chose the stage but p2 could vote and the game would choose .
ctrl a – go to the start of the command line
ctrl e – go to the end of the command line
ctrl k – delete from cursor to the end of the command line
ctrl u – delete from cursor to the start of the command line
ctrl w – delete from cursor to start of word i.e .
ctrl y – paste word or text that was cut using one of the deletion shortcuts such as the one above after the cursor
ctrl xx – move between start of command line and current cursor position and back again
alt b – move backward one word or go to start of word the cursor is currently on
alt f – move forward one word or go to end of word the cursor is currently on
alt d – delete to end of word starting at cursor whole word if cursor is at the beginning of word
alt c – capitalize to end of word starting at cursor whole word if cursor is at the beginning of word
alt u – make uppercase from cursor to end of word
alt l – make lowercase from cursor to end of word
ctrl t – swap character under cursor with the previous one
ctrl s – stops the output to the screen for long running verbose command
ctrl q – allow output to the screen if previously stopped using command above
bash also has some handy features that use the !
bang to allow you to do some funky stuff with bash commands .
! blah – run the most recent command that starts with ‘blah ' e.g .
! blah p – print out the command that ! blah would run also adds it as the latest command in the command history
! – the last word of the previous command same as alt .
! p – print out the word that ! would substitute
– the previous command except for the last word e.g .
i thought the first season was a bit inconsistent but you should at least check out episodes 5 and 8 .
they were the two best in my opinion and also had the strongest connections to the rest of the mcu the origins of the black widow program etc .
we are going to have cheap oil for some time .
which is good since i commute long distances not by choice ... well technically by choice because i refuse to live where my work is .
you do n't need millions of dollars in equipment to build custom furniture .
custom furniture is built by hand on a per order basis .
i hope you can continue finding ways to market yourself .
yes i want to analyse different rotations in combination with move and clear speed in the future .
turns out it was just some weird problem with the feeder it stayed on when in the background .
i just had to end the program and it worked again .
is n't road salt a different chemical compound than table salt ?
i sincerly doubt anyone thinks dota is too casual .
even if a sc2 pro thinks the skill ceiling is lower in dota than it is in sc2 they ca n't honestly think its casual unless they are speaking from pure ignorance .
as someone raised mormon i can attest to the fact that the happy and friendly '' thing is a very intentional facade .
there is a reason utah has the highest rate of antidepressant use in the u.s. http abcnews.go.com/health/mindmoodnews/story ? id=4403731 page=1
honestly i would prefer it if you explained as i 'm looking to design other things in the future that may be completely different and i want to know how i can improve .
the 10s will play just as low as a 34 inch .
the size does n't affect how low it goes but cone area does effect how loud it will get .
since you will have way more cone area with the 3 10s it will be louder and you 'll have that extra 200watts to further that .
processed foods sugar excess carbohydrates and lack of adequate dietary fiber and vegitables make you fat .
billions of years to get to here and all of it could be destroyed within ten generations of human activity .
it 's nice to see her with a good home they all deserve one .
is there any chance one of your uncles could speak up positively about bisexuality with your parents ?
having the support of someone they already know and accept might help .
i agree that your coming out could be sufficient to change their mind but it probably could n't hurt to have another supportive person on your side .
i ca n't tell you how many times i 've been traveling and bought weed behind restaurant kitchens from waiters bartenders and cooks .
new york is one of only a few jurisdictions that permits an applicant to qualify to take the bar examination on the basis of some law school study combined with law office study or clerkship .
all that is required is 28 credit hours of study in conjunction with work at a law firm under the guidance of professional qualified lawyers .
if the bar was undertaken in his own name he may meet the requirements although he 's done everything in the wrong order .
still i think a piercing like in the op pic is stupid imho .
well i knew a guy why knew a guy who knew a guy whose cousin saw him once .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
please read the faq http www.reddit.com/r/sex/wiki/index for more information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sex if you have any questions or concerns .
if that were really the case then it would 've worked for wil .
it would 've worked for most celebrities who apparently have the same problem .
but money just is n't as insulating as you might think .
yes indeed last time it was a pollywog ss for 25 bucks now the g10 delica for 30 i 'm on a roll haha
each rocket costs 90m to produce and they 've already destroyed a bunch .
this would probably cost a lot less than 90m and would be great as a safety feature for the test phases .
https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=zgy5bvmgkxa one of the craziest small space layouts .
yes i do but there is no indication of when it gets into a different mode .
unless i 'm that stupid it 's my first 4x4 so it could be that .
typically because in programming a delete script is more complex .
there are tifus of redditors ejaculating on medical professionals almost every week .
semen in the eyes is probably not the worst they had to deal with .
yeah i actually thought he was right footed until i was watching the juventus game the other day .
download iso double click on it and run setup.exe .
i made a post a few days ago about the exact same thing lol .
i was told that unhs and taobao are separate vendors so it should work .
you seem to be familiar with the yee-hawdists in oregon it 's weird that you 'd know they were terrorists but be so off the mark here .
i 'm subbed to r/earthporn as well and thought it was a submission from there based on the thumbnail+title got a pleasant surprise when i expanded the image .
a relationship is supposed to be a team effort .
i absolutely demand from a partner to be fully capable of living without me that way i know she 'll carry her weight .
i need a partner to tackle life and all that it throws at us together .
if i wanted another pet i 'd get a dog .
disclaimer obviously the situation changes if one is incapable of work or has an accident etc etc
yeah this mainly gets shot down as a silly idea in r/spacex .
it 's on every map i 've seen in pics and videos .
it just screams of 90 's and 2000 era map design when we did n't have fast enough computers and games had large maps .
i knew for a long time.. too bad people caught on
the one i 'm dealing with now is going on 4 months .
next time i get it to bust i 'll have to take a video of it and upload it here !
if bogosian was wailing on my head id duck too .
this was reverse entry 101 which does n't exist yet but it is .
so many physical immune units in pvp nowadays jave seem like not a good option right ? ... i guess i will get another rudy to transcend thank you !
i 'm an outsider to this and i genuinely find the concept of underserving '' cocks locked away ... well ... odd .
i fondly remember giving oral as often as i could to a 45 year old milf i was romantically involved with for a while .
she had 3 '' at best when fully erect .
anyway not trying to yuck your yum just get better perspective .
i still dont get why people are still on that topic .
if you play competitive like i do you always have to be aware .
there is one oponent especially set down on a position to check cams asap and tell spawn locations so we can rotate against them inside the objective .
if i know where the opponent comes from i will wait on a window pre aim yes i set down and checked positions and angles so i will shoot precisely on a position when i get a call so i might hit one and leave the window .
or you tear down all windows so the oponent is slowed down in the execute .
oh my ... there are so many maps when the execute happanes that you drop them from behind ... if there is no one watching its fucking their fault not ubis .
i actually just changed the format from a single column to two because i ran out of room .
also out of everybody that 's looked at mine you 're the first to dislike the format most people seem to like it .
is it just two column resumes in general that you dislike or is it something specific about my format ?
also other than the format is there anything else you would change ?
you dis by starting the conversation with you mamma so ... '' then adding a trite insult .
as for the circuit i 'm not entirely sure what would work but i 'm thinking a capacitor that is normally charged and has resistance is discharged with the button it shorts the system allowing it to go back to a deactivated state .
the best advice i got was show them who you are not what you think they want to see .
now to be fair i have an bachelor 's of arch .
and it was my old program head who knew my work but i think the point stands .
this is a quote from the grad school program i just applied to note the admissions committee is generally looking for evidence of creative ability potential and design skill . ''
what is it about your drawings and paintings that shows them you are a creative person and not just a human photocopier ?
the ideas behind your art are infinitely more important than your skills .
all this being said make sure you 're not applying to a program accepts people without previous education or experience in architecture .
this would usually only be the case in some master 's program but certainly not in all of them .
if you 're talking undergrad talk about your ideas and process and you should be fine .
tomorrow tuesday i 'll be available between 10 am and 2 pm gmt-5 .
wednesday might work out a little better i should be completely free after 12 pm gmt-5 .
no worries dude there are no points of no return or expiring missions after the end game .
because it gives you the chance to score at the end of the half and then immediately get the ball right back to start the second half .
in theory it gives you two scoring chances in a row .
you got ta stop going to your wifes walmart brainwashing meetings man .
my rule at highland games has always been eat do n't look '' .
you guys said its boring but you guys still watch it
i think he is our most realistic fa big '' purchase .
edit i think you pretty much summed up everything without saying anything too crazy .
well you see cybo it 's because you 're not a douchecanoe .
i love the attempt to go inside the tube quickly followed by a mad dash across the hallway .
i do n't think that 's the point it 's more the whole undercover meth labs and money laundering operations in movies and tv
there 's a lot of racing/gambling-related authorities wanting access actually it 's weird
ever since he joined the league of nations it 's felt like hes been trying to go out of his way to stand out as the leader as oppose to sheamus .
the intensity in his promos and the way he positions himself to be in the center/on the turnbuckle makes it feel like he is n't just playing the role he was given by creative but making his own role instead .
i would n't change a front-heavy vowel system if i wanted that .
most of them are front-heavy and they have way more than 7 vowels and a diphthong .
swedish https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_phonology has the second most skewed vowel inventory i 've ever seen the first most skewed is that language i saw once that seemed to have replaced its o u with ø y and only has front and central vowels that i forgot the name of .
however their vowel inventory does n't look very naturalistic to me for other reasons mostly because it has an ɪ without having any other lax vowels and it has an aʊ without having any other diphthongs usually aʊ comes with aɪ .
also i think those can occur in languages without independent ʊ ɪ since you definitely do n't need the vowels in a diphthong to be able to occur independently of that diphthong .
personally i would add more lax vowels or i would make ɪ an allophone of i along with other tense vowels having lax allophones and i would add an aɪ .
you do n't need to have voicing pairs for all the sounds .
look at how many gaps there are in some languages like german https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/standard_german_phonology consonants which does n't natively even have d͡ʒ ʒ but even with them still has a lot of gaps and vietnamese https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vietnamese_phonology initial_consonants .
some languages will even only have one voicing pair like most polynesian languages https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polynesian_languages which seem to have shifted w to v like german ket https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ket_language consonants and mandarin https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/standard_chinese_phonology consonants .
it 's 12.50 for a large popcorn large soda and one candy at the theater nearest to me in sydney .
is it really that hard to bait a t1 frigate into your mining ship ?
this dude https zkillboard.com/character/91310024 has been doing a pretty good job https zkillboard.com/kill/51345016 .
please explain to me how a person can contract beasts without grimoire ?
i meat he is a young master and talented on top of that he was also at tong tian tower proving his strength .
he proved that by butchering a 3-on-1 try scoring opportunity by kicking it away against clermont .
i will go for 125 then today after work two hours before sleep time and will keep a record .
usually .5mg of alprazolam is enough to get me relaxed and a nice sleep in less than an hour .
i have read people say flam kicks in in 20 minutes .
maybe it is just the full blown effects that take 2 hours ?
blacks especially from poorer backgrounds tend to see only two ways out either through going into sports or going into music why ?
because every black role model they see did exactly this .
receives a bill in the mail in one year 's time 745
it might be something that never really needs to be fixed .
the only reason you 'd need to is if it is causing some kind of change in the geometry of the firebricks and airflow of the stove .
it 's going to hurt giving that thing back !
i think i just forgot how to squat while going down lol
i 'm gon na go around and find edp 's and send them to court just for you
because there 's no point in having men training at the olympic training center when we do n't send any men to the olympics .
the mens program at the otc has been determined to be ineffective and a waste .
really sucks to hear this man especially when you 're trying to really help someone out .
u/whoolimooli had messaged me a few days ago offering kopitar carter and totw forsberg for my det collection so only about 150k below collateral and pucks .
i asked him to try to buy some players so he would n't be taxed but thankfully that was the end of our discussions .
when you communicate online all you see is a computer screen .
when talking to someone you might want to ask yourself would i say it to the person 's face ? ''
or would i get jumped if i said this to a buddy ? ''
essentially this means do n't be a dick '' .
you can and should dispute what he said without resorting to personal insults .
on top of that retard '' along with nigger '' and queer '' are some words which are generally seen to be as insulting to the people who they actually refer to as to the person you were trying to insult .
if you do want to insult someone i would suggest dick '' wanker '' or my favourite thundercunt '' .
as a native speaker your post was very difficult to understand and indeed i did n't know that dehort '' was a word until u/ilokit made his post .
metal pegs that go into 1/4 '' diameter holes not plastic .
my father would only play on the drueke 47 board that we had .
like shhh-sippytime said spaced evenly and for them to be grouped by fives '' .
and there should be a compartment for the pegs .
assuming 60 holes long it will be 18 '' to 20 '' long something like that .
i do n't prefer continuous or 120 hole boards just preference that carries over from my father .
when you have a board that holds the cards it gets too tall it stands off the table too much and i do n't prefer that .
i make boards that are slightly larger than the drueke 47 and i make a box that holds the board and the cards together .
the winner laughed and shot the shit and the loser shouted deal ! ''
this should really be in the tsm sticky at the top of the subreddit please repost it there .
can we just say he deserves to get reported and move on ?
nothing happened so i do n't think you have to tell her about it but if you feel guilty enough to post here you may end up telling her eventually .
if that 's the case the sooner the better .
in general avoid hanging out with that specific coworker from now on and avoid being alone with them if possible .
turn around and learn something you are not pretty enough to fuck your way through college .
i do n't prefer how the logo and banner go together either it 's kinda hard to see and something i was going to look into .
if you want to give the banner a shot go for it !
the background banner and the actual gw2 logo are actually two different images so keep that in mind
seems like another victim of both the smugers and the european stupidity .
i 'm still shocked how priuses dominate the roads when it comes to hybrids and plug-ins .
the 1st gen volt is a superior car to the prius and the 2nd gen is even better it looks nicer more features and longer electric range .
i 'm hoping it gets far more popular when it is nationally available in the spring .
e concordo com galapas2 no comentário a imprensa fala da corrupção mas não deixa de receber verbas de publicidade do governo corrupto .
i have n't gotten to him yet but this first woman ... what the fuck ?
or did she actually just say that having people harass you online is worse than having 100 people wait outside your house to yell at you ?
i 'm thinking about charlie mason selling folgers coffee or angus young pitching a greatest gospel hits '' cd .
who do you think would be an awkward choice for a pitchman and for what product ?
you have to do 15 reverse layups and 5 adjusted layups .
http youtu.be/nyj_dpg8th8 if you need help on how to do reverse layups .
but as far as the adjusted layup i suggest asking for the ball at the top of the key and do a driving layup and spam x shortly afterwards
half the time you dps as a healer anyways .
the difficulty comes in maximizing your dps potential while outputting enough healing .
a low canadian dollar makes the price of gas go up since we import most of our gas .
republicans like the idea of killing government jobs though .
they see those employees still getting benefits their companies stopped giving out decades ago and they feel that this is all on their own the taxpayer 's dime .
why would you want to pay taxes to give people the kind of lifestyle you wish you had but do n't anymore ?
that 's why teachers get shit on so much because they still have pension programs in many states .
those benefits were meant to offset the lower salaries but i guess they just pushed the costs onto later generations .
the funny thing about the alleged end '' of child labor through laws is that the ban on child labor contained exceptions for the largest few areas that still employed children .
well op kinda said 'do n't say 'he does n't have keys ' because ..etc ' .
and kezc literally said that so i interpret it as a joke .
but yeah you are right it is against the rules .
no elneny unless we 're winning with 20 minutes to go .
i 'd bring alexis on in the 60/65thth especially if we 're losing but wenger never subs that early so he 'll either start or come on with 20 minutes to go .
i have a couple of butter londons myself bluey jack the lad and glittercake .
please bare with us as we fish your posts out of the spam filter .
unfortunately it puts all posts by any account under a month straight in there love you tho !
if you post these for free on thingiverse or elsewhere i would be extremely interested .
if i saw one over my yard i would try to throw things at it and knock it out of the air .
i wonder if i roam at 50m if that would be an issue for the majority of people
it could very well be that the damage itself can go higher but the display number ca n't so it 's what 'breaks ' .
i thought it was the whole selling point and that the name was image ur url without the l because it 's short '' .
you should share your gift of naming things with nintendo .
i 've always kind of knew about it but never bothered to sign up or make an account .
one day i built a new computer and realized well now is the time to finally make a reddit/tumblr/twitter account '' .
i tend to play paragon shep first then go through a deliberate renegade shep later on down the road .
out of curiosity ... it 's not a primary stat for the class but how did you end up with a bard with 6 int ?
they will search for your email through their database or whatever and if they ca n't find nothing then you 're getting nothing .
i recently discovered the joys of disc priest in ashran .
all you need is the codex of ascension http www.wowhead.com/item=111926/codex-of-ascension and leap of faith .
i even created a game with this to pass the time while i wait for my free gear
5 bonus points if you throw the player off either one of the bridges
25 bonus points if the player is carrying your teams artifact
i know at least 3 places pulling this shit .
fair work and the ato should combine and audit the entire melbourne cbd .
was walking down the stairs when a guy tapped me on the shoulder and when i looked back he asked for 200 pesos because he lost his money daw '' .
ignored him and walked as fast as i could .
when i got in to a safe distance i looked back again and saw him enter a white van with no plates definitely not a uv express .
you could retrieve access to your account through the backup code you receive upon activating the mobile autheniticator .
unless you did n't save it somewhere which you should have .
if you can not handle it talk to her then maybe you can work on what ever the problem is if there is a problem at all
artstyle is there to guide him for shot calling drafting and everything.. maybe they want to develop talents from scratch thats why they want ax.mo to go offlane.. maybe they do n't want to poach '' talents from now on from other cis teams so they go from young ones with potential.. why the hate for na'vi ?
they just want to stay relevant.. is surviving that bad enough now ?
yep i got told my some guy on r/music that when i grew up i would stop liking tool .
you should be paid what you deserve based on merit not how convincing or charismatic you are .
similar situation in austria there are dentists and beauty clinics near the border in slovakia and hungary .
people from the eastern part drive to hungary get their teeth done get breast implants and have a nice dinner for half the price only tooth surgery would cost .
edit what 's kind of ironic about this whole situation everybody here has some kind of insurance that covers some costs for necessary surgery but still people go to hungary because it 's cheaper .
yeah ... i think the new demarini will look better in person .
they will have even better insurance with the same providers .
just call them a hostile force and send them back .
it 's not hard and they do plenty enough trying to go full sharia .
you 'd only want to take refugee prisoners if it cost nothing to do so ?
so what you want to send people back to syria if it 'd mean saving even €100 ?
have you considered that you might be ... extremist ?
because you have to admit that sounds a least a little bit extremist .
i think it 's because alphys mentioned blueprints '' when developing the dt extraction machine .
popular theory suggests that the blueprints were gaster 's he just never got around to implementing it there 's also the whole core is powered by determination '' theory but that 's a whole different can of worms
well the fundme page will either actually help someone in need or help you guys afford better memes ca n't lose really .
three ball in the side pocket with a carom shot .
sound like you 're confusing 'alien to everyday life in the uk now ' with 'alien to how we used to live many many decades ago ' !
its the middle east i am pretty sure it is built in to all camera apps .
my team was velajuel l chloe chasun colleen and baretta and always with the atk debuff was the key since i dont have alot of cc
and i guess it 's fun tricking people but this has gone too far .
if people are n't able to trust the police then bad things will happen .
and no although you are very persistent i do n't think you have 2500 facebook accounts but i assume you have a few to get the post launched and picked up .
there is currently a 100 bill incentive credit for several devices going on right now .
the website and corporate stores issue it immediately so you could exchange the phone still but the reason for the lower price is the 100 promo .
if you are n't gon na use the tablet return it and if they try to charge you the restock fee immediately ask to speak to their rm to waive it .
they can still price match the website but the financed price will always be higher in this case because of how the extra 100 is given out
i have no trouble believe that 68 k is a respectable amount of money to have even in the us .
most of the world is a lot poorer than the us and westernized nations .
there are billions of people out there that have a fraction of a fraction of that .
it appears that this was part of le salon d'hiver winter fair '' in 1912 according to this source https uk.pinterest.com/pin/460000549417285633 which gives the artist as lionel royer .
at a glance i do n't see the original floating around however he does have similar images such as this postcard http www.delcampe.net/page/item/id,196739273 var cpa-salon-dhiver-1910 druidesse-par-lionel-royer language e.html .
that postcard is a photograph of the original work nd phot . ''
i suspect the same might be the case with the other druidess .
what kind of time constraints are you dealing with ?
what options are limited for you because of your disabilities ?
the presoldered resistors are for white led 's so i was asking if i was missing something when op asked for blue/red led 's or some with different color .
reminds me of the latest video review tech usa uploaded with ralph .
you are funny so you think such killings only happen in some tribal region of afghanistan .
nowadays all medical doctors top sexologists psychiatrists consider masturbation safe and tells that there are no negative affects of masturbation on body or health .
there are a lot of researches going on this topics in top most world universities which says that there are no harmful impact of masturbation on health .
but when we masturbate experience weakness loss of concentration tiredness lost of energy .
this thing had made me a lot of confused .
the scientists gives their researches after proper experiments on individuals then why dont they find that uncountable benefits of not masturbating even some suggest that daily masturbation or even more is good for health ?
i will paste some links in which the scientists and doctors says this same thing
so my question is why cant medical men and community does not believes on negative effects of masturbation even though there are lot of harmful affects of masturbation ?
i am running a new game with morrowloot and all of my needed mlu patches .
so i decided to run into bleak falls barrow just to see the level ranges and inside the first room the 2 bandits there were level 1 .
the guy in the gate room was level 1 .
minlevel for bfb according to tes5edit is 10 with no conflicts .
actually i did have a conflict earlier i had rote loaded after mlu and it was overwriting the min level for mlu .
with the mlu-sic-rote patch loaded up although i did n't look at it to see what it changed .
when i moved mlu down in my load order it resolved the overwrite but that did not change the levels of any of those creatures .
the thing that did change was that bfb was suddenly a lot brighter well lit with almost no shadows .
my save was right outside the entrance to the barrow .
i assume the inside mobs are spawned when i enter for the first time but perhaps i am wrong ?
i really wan na stop wanking coz once i 'm done i feel empty and disgusted .
as much as i 'd like to stop i rather enjoy masturbating .
my boyfriend and i live in different countries so sometimes i 'd do it just to fill the void but once i cum i become clingy and needy borderline desperate .
needing my so to always be online and available which is n't always the case and it ends with resentment on my part..
i dunno if it 's coz of my catholic upbringing the guilt manifesting itself in different ways .
anyone else feel like this or managed to stop masturbating..
i 'm writing a paper on antinatalism and i 'm looking for philosophers who detail why consent is important .
i 'm assuming feminist philosophy would be good but i 'm struggling to find any .
i 'm hoping to find some that talk about different definitions of consent as well .
most of what i find is written for medical ethics .
same as before https www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensivetrade/comments/41megi/discussion_favorite_knives_and_knife_skins_survey just take this very short survey i 've made .
so i have been using a razer lycosa for a couple years now and man i really hate it ...
i got an amazon giftcard for christmas and i 've been looking to get a brown switch mech for quite some time now .
i game frequently but ca n't have it be very loud and i use my pc for class work as well .
over the last few days i 've stumbled upon this fella .
http www.amazon.com/tt-esports-poseidon-illuminated-kb-piz-kbblus-01/dp/b00m9b2on4/ref=sr_1_1 ? s=pc ie=utf8 qid=1453238626 sr=1-1 keywords=poseidon+z+illuminated+-+brown+switch+edition which seems like a solid idea .
but i also see the rbg for an extra 20 more and was wondering if it is worth bumping up the price just a tad .
i could live without it but the cosmetic appeal does seem tempting .
there were n't reviews on either of them by redditors and now i 'm finding out they both have kailh switches .
is this a detrimental factor i should be worried about or could i simply overlook it ?
or are there any other steal of a deal mechs i should look into ?
i 'd prefer not to spend more than 80-90 if possible due to my financial situation currently .
we determined that it would be beneficial to have our infant child allergy tested .
we had heard through social media of good results regarding a local gp who provides allergy tests .
the waiting period for other gps to perform allergy testing was considerably longer .
we booked one of these tests some weeks ago and we undertook it today .
i was immediately skeptical once i saw the trays of sealed vials a small electrical device and a seemingly inexplicable yet effective arm strength test procedure .
there was also a verbal questionnaire beforehand which was reflected in the results .
turns out this process was as a part of applied kinesiology https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/applied_kinesiology .
none of this was explained to us before hand not when we booked nor immediately prior to the test .
on closer inspection of the clinic 's website there is this piece of information which i believe was compiled by the gp who performed the test
this technique is considered to be part of complementary and alternative medicine cam and i do not suggest that it is scientifically validated supported by mainstream medicine or that strong reliance should be given to any findings .
do we have any recourse here or is it purely buyer beware ?
the test cost us approximately 4x an average gp consultation fee .
i was under the impression that we would actually be receiving an allergy test .
why they spent sooo much time on andrew in 6a ? !
like i accidentally stumbled on this article again http www.seventeen.com/celebrity/movies-tv/news/a29485/marlene-king-on-adrew-pll-theory and it talks about how andrew is going to be soooo important in the finale and the opening episode of 6b yet he has 1000 not involved in like anything of importance .
if you take gravis marketing 's trash poll out of the line up that puts the average at 44.8 for clinton and 44.2 for sanders .
ca n't wait to see what the new polls say for iowa .
if you play mid lane sorry but i have noticed i end up waiting an extra minute but 10/10 times i got my primary role .
are there any fields in the sacramento/northern california area that have at least 450 fps or under for aeg 's ?
my jg vn m16 is at 430 with 20s rn and i really do n't want to have to buy another spring and risk my gun breaking down because i opened it you know how jg 's are
ever since i discovered that game saves are now filed and separated for each new character you create it 's given me the freedom to create many new builds .
since i want to play on all of them eventually i decided to end my first play-through character so i could move on to the next one .
so i took my first character chose an empty settlement in this case the lighthouse and ended his story by living happily with cait and dogmeat .
after doing this i decided i would do this to all of my characters eventually .
it gives each character their own personality and story in a way .
my goal is to do something different with each character in terms of exploration faction siding etc .
i wo n't have every location discovered and every quest done on a main but rather have them spaced out between multiple characters naturally .
maybe this type of playing will change when console mods come out but for now it 's much more enjoyable than sticking with the same person for hundreds of hours .
being from the south i have been very quiet about my support for bernie and have only discussed it with friends and family so far bc they have to love me regardless .
but tonight i shared a video of bernie with a short message .
you can say he does n't have a chance or whatever else you want to say but he 's the only candidate on either stage that i trust .
he 's the only one who i believe actually wants what is best for the american people .
if you have n't already i suggest you research his plans for this country .
they are n't as far out there '' as the mainstream media would have you believe and for the vast majority of my facebook friends his plan wo n't cost you any more than you have been paying in taxes .
do your research before you decide on a candidate . ''
i will post more over the next couple weeks as well .
if we are able to pull the primary in iowa and nh they will be paying attention that 's for sure .
so i was thinking about viktor rolf flowerbomb and how much i love it which is way too much but i use it so sparingly because it 's so expensive .
i only have it because i found it on sale at costco and it was the only bottle they had so i had to buy it .
it 's my favorite perfume evaaaaaar but i know i 'm going to need to replace it and want to stop using it so sparingly because it 's a perfume that i bought to use not display on a shelf !
so i have n't tried a single indie fragrance yet and was hoping for some suggestions .
i 'll post my mainstream perfumes and their notes that i found online .
i will also list them in order of how much i prefer them
middle notes floral and opulent '' sambac jasmine centifolia rose freesia and cattleya orchid
marc jacobs dot edp when i worked at ulta this was what we were told to direct guests to when they were looking for flowerbomb .
i 'm assuming it 's the jasmine and blossom notes .
dkny be delicious edp in my opinion this smells just like you took a bite of an extremely juicy apple !
justin bieber the key edp bear with me here this was my first higher end fragrance purchase and i love it .
middle notes pink jasmine lush water lily and peach nectar
base notes sensual musk precious woods vanilla and hint of raspberry cream
edt currently using this to use it up i love it but i love my others too .
it is a nice fragrance but it 's very light as well and i prefer my fragrances to last more than an hour i think part of this is that it 's an edt when all my others are edp and i expect too much from it .
i think it 'd make a good hair mist .
i love my perfumes but my problem is how expensive they are .
i love them entirely too much and i use them less than i probably should mostly because i ca n't imagine running out of them .
i 've been a lot better about the same thing with my makeup in that i have so many eyeshadows now that i know that no matter what i use up i will always find something to replace it and i will probably never run out of eyeshadow for the rest of my life .
i love love love the indie scene i love the fact that my purchases go to a small business and the customer service has been beyond amazing for every indie purchase i 've made .
i feel like venturing into fragrances and body products will only make me love the indie market even more .
any suggestions for anything that you think might be in my area of interest is well appreciated !
if you 've kept with me this long thank you sooooooooooo much !
i was thinking about suggesting a new weekly/monthly/whatever thread .
i feel like i see a lot of fragrance questions like mine you know recommend a fragrance for me ! ''
i know that in the simple questions and a few other question threads this is asked too so i thought maybe a weekly what 's a good fragrance for me ? ''
maybe people would n't go into as much depth as i went to in this post but you know i 'm a little intense ... haha
joke predictions will be removed at the discretion of the mods .
or is it barb 's number that he has taken over ?
can anyone tell who this number belonged to in 2005 ?
edit confirmation it was barb https www.dropbox.com/s/2i8a8k12e8u6dad/exhibits 2017_360_362_auto 20trader 20appt 20 26 20phone 20records.pdf ? dl=0
i 've just read aanother post on the stairways but i 'm traveling to hawaii in mid august and was wondering if a local was willing to show me and climb the stairway to heaven with me ?
traveling from australia and pretty heavy into photography and making videos .
if anyone can help pm or comment below this would be awesome .
as a player who primarily plays ranked fives i sure as hell do not want it to end up like tribunal .
the jigsaw that jgj is working on is titled 'catfish ' and i could n't help but think it is some sort of cryptic message given it 's appearance and certainly it 's title .
here 's a link to the jigsaw for better viewing purposes ...
i apologise if this has already come up on here but i could n't find it if it has .
i used to have them all the time as a kid back in new jersey .
i know this is a random question but i ca n't for the life of me find anywhere that sells them .
does anyone know anywhere in la that sells them ?
yes i can make one myself but it 's not the same .
first off i 'm not really sure this is the correct place to put this but i ca n't think of a different sub it would belong !
anywho as you can probably assume from the title my house is very very cold and drafty .
it 's an old house from around 1912 which i rent with three roommates .
we constantly have the temperature up to 70 75 f but the thermostat almost always reads 65 f or below .
now 65 would n't be terrible if that 's what the actual temperature of the house was .
however it is almost always colder especially the kitchen bathroom and one of my roommates rooms .
we are at a total loss as to how to keep our home warmer sometimes it barely feels better than being outside !
for reference i have a cup that changes color when it is cold and it has been almost constantly the cold '' color even with nothing in it .
we 've bought plastic shrinkwrap window treatments and i have a mini heater in my room but the house is still freezing .
any advice on how to keep our house warmer will be much welcomed especially as a storm approaches and temps keep dipping into teens and below f .
i wish we could just replace the most likely original windows but we rent and will be gone in less than a year .
if i use benzos occasionally will they cause any permanent emotional numbing ?
i have depersonilization and my emotions are already numb so i dont want to continue to numb them .
cg i 'm thinking of 2 numbers between one and one hundred .
first 2 people to guess win the mesprits holding mb 's !
for example if i look at an object through a mirror i 'd see a mirror image of the object .
is there a lens that when worn i 'd see the image of the object itself and not the mirror image when i look at it through the mirror ?
in front of me is a mirror and also a person facing me whose reading a book .
from my view i can see the cover of the book .
if i look at the mirror i can see the contents of the book he is reading but i ca n't read it because it is mirrored .
i put on a special pair of glasses and now i can read the contents of the book by looking at the mirror since the special glasses mirrored the mirror image so what i see now is the real image .
is such special pair of glasses possible does it exist ?
hi i am fairly new to mtb and i have a bike devinci chuck xp http www.devinci.com/bikes/bike_409_scategory_106 that i got as a gift last year that i am wondering if i 'm able to use it without any changes ?
or if theres anything i would need to do to make it useable for me ?
show that if l1 and l2 are recursive languages then the intersection of the two
i 'm looking for a good book to read and i loved playing life is strange and wondered if anybody here had any book recommendations that either reminded you of lis or would emotionally 'destroy ' me as much as this game has .
i had asked this a while back in general ask reddit but it did n't get much traction so i suppose i 'll re-pose the question here and make it a little more specific to ask a christian
since you 're a christian i will assume that means that there are lots of gods you don't follow .
you do n't believe that mythic figures such as zeus osiris thor baal or astarte were real entities nor do you believe in those gods that some are still worshipped today such as ganesha or even offshoots '' of the abrahamic god such as allah or the loa of the vodoun .
if my initial assumption is faulty please correct me but i have to imagine that your acceptance of jesus means your rejection of all the other gods and goddesses that some part of humanity have worshipped in the last ten thousand years .
without referring to the things you do believe will you please tell me why you do not believe in say odin or aphrodite or the flying spaghetti monster ?
2015 had been a rough year for me as i found myself waking up late at night with a nagging cough that would keep me up for a few hours before being able to go back to sleep .
i went into the hospital for a week back in december and since then i have been fine up until last night were i was up all night again .
i try to do my vest and neb treatment before bed to see if that helps and i have recently started to do an extra vest treatment .
i was wondering if any of you guys have any other tricks to keeping your coughing down at night ?
keep in mind this may contain spoilers if you have n't gone through the main story mission institutionalized '' .
you 've seen the technological marvel inner lighting the landscaping that otherworldly feeling of being elsewhere .
you 've seen the marvels of their engineering you know synths .
that the third generation of the institute 's machines look just like human and are indistinguishable from one .
you 've heard the way the scientists treat the synths as machines and as slaves .
if one shows a 'malfunction ' they are reset or even scrapped for parts .
you have been out in the commonwealth you know the synths do their very best to escape the institute and take extreme measures to forget what they lived there .
i 'd like to play a scene where one of the synths has developed a 'malfunction ' and before she 's reset the male scientists are going to enjoy a moment .
another idea could be about the institute having synth sexual slaves just as well as they have cleaning slaves .
you know my kinks nipple sucking cream pie light bondage noncon blackmail drugged girls dominant males very hard sex hard anal huge cocks lots of cum stuff like that .
314 warlock looking to do full hard mode raid with the golgo challenge .
i will do a lot for my kid and at 2.5 years old he already knows it .
but i do draw a line in the sand at some point .
tonight 's line in the sand no i will not bring you the potty . ''
get off the ipad and off your butt and go pee in the bathroom like a the civilized child i 'm trying to rear .
i know this is probably a lost cause but i figure its worth a shot .
i 've been looking for a new mmo to play since about 2010 .
i 've tried ffxiv wow swtor tera skyforge aion swg etc .
it seems like most games out there now are all focused on instant gratification and not focused on playing with others .
i love the fact that xi basically forced you into a party and that due to how much time it took to do anything you would see the same players a bit if they were working towards the same goal .
i guess i want something that does n't have group finders are there any like that now ?
so i went to the t-mobile store in sq hill to get a new sim card .
they said they would charge 16 for a new sim card .
i remember going to the t-mobile store in dahtahn sept of 2014 and getting a new sim card for free .
is this 16 fee specific to sq hill or is it a new policy for all t-mobile stores ?
i 'm asking because i will need to get another sim card soon .
my phone broke so i got an old phone from a friend which required a different sim .
i just ordered a new phone which will also require a new sim .
tl dr do all t-mobile stores charge 16 for new sim cards or just sq .
gas is the equivalent of 0.4 euros per liter where i live 1.70/gallon .
i heard than in europe you pay around 6-8 dollars per gallon equivalent or 5 times the price i pay .
how can you afford to drive to see family go to school and work and go on errands if it is so costly ?
i know transit is bigger there but i imagine you must still need a car a lot to go in more suburban/rural areas or outside of bigger cities .
this is from a wedding photographer 's contract and i ca n't quite figure out what it means .
i fully admit to being dense when it comes to contract legalese .
they are asking for a retainer upon booking of 40 or 400 whichever is less .
but under the limit of liability section it mentions the following
in the event of act of god or hard drive failure etc ... the liability and responsibility of photographer shall be limited to the return of all payments received for the event s net of any retainer fee received . ''
does that mean the photographer would refund the retainer or not ?
i guess i do n't know what the word net '' means in this case .
i 'm partial to dark comedy and respect those who can pull it off without being exploitative .
christian bale more than earns my respect in his first role as a serious adult thespian a wealthy serial killer who wants to be human just as much as he wants to eat prostitute brains .
this is not a perfect film by any stretch and with anyone other than bale as the lead it could 've been so boring .
but luckily the normally very serious actor sinks his teeth into the ludicrous world of the film like a hungry atm machine and hams the living hell out of it .
the screenplay is kind of awkward nobody talks like real people but that might be the point .
i do enjoy how the film often jumps genres switching rapidly from different kinds of horror to comedy to film noir to the very short action scene at the end .
but i ca n't stress enough how great bale is in this movie .
in a career that entails an oscar and batman i still think this is his best work .
reading comments and the like people portray james ironwood as kinda of a asshole but from my interpretation of him he seem 's to be a good person trying to be reasonable but is letting fear dictate his actions .
im looking for like decent float ones but mostly if it looks ok
b/o 80 keys i will look at all offers however
the gun is a m4a1 guardian ft st with titan holo above mag 0.18 float
hey guys so in matt 's latest periscope he was talking about how he 's always wanted a colossal red dragon mini it 's not so mini so i was thinking of getting the community together and crowd sourcing the funds for it 478 usd on amazon at last check
i pay bills early just to see it go to zero on ynab now .
it 's also strangely calming compared to before ynab i do n't even think about my bank balance .
if it 's budgeted the money was already available and already spent in my eyes so the bill itself means nothing .
i want to get help on a problem that has been driving me insane .
i have a laptop with both integrated graphics and nvidia gpu .
i have set the .exe files for blackdesert to be run by nvidia gpu through the nvidia control panel .
when running the .exe from desktop my nvidia gpu takes care of the job but i can not login since gamenet launcher is not on .
when running the game through gamenet i can log in but my integrated garphic card is used so i get poor performance ...
everything is set up to run trough the nvidia gpu game.exe gamenet.exe gamenetui.exe ...
but it seems like gamenet launcher is maybe running a different exe ?
it has the same name and the file location is the same as well ...
i can see when the nvidia gpu is used and what program uses it thanks to the notification icon that describes such things .
when running the game via launcher only gamenet.exe uses nvidia gpu but blackdesert .exe does not .
when running the blackdesert .exe only no launcher then it shows the nvidia gpu is used ...
i can not understand how running an exe through the launcher somehow prevents the exe from being run under nvidia gpu .
is there a way to bypass the launcher so i can run bdo.exe and still be able to login ?
i installed the nest when i moved in and for two years it was a problem .
the heat pump never ran and i was burning through propane at a rate of 2,000.00 per year .
the nest was replaced by nest for have a 12 degree temperature variance .
the nest was a problem and i was extremely hesitant to buy an ecobee because of these issues .
i actually thought my heat pump was malfunctioning and needed replaced .
i thought i was going to have to spend a lot of money to get it fixed .
so eventually i said enough is enough and i bought an ecobee3 .
two weeks in i could n't possibly be more impressed with how much better this is .
thank you ecobee for making a product that works .
i started on blizzard with warcraft i and have played every blizz title except wow and diablo iii .
i 've been playing heroes since alpha every mode extensively every day .
i have three heroes accounts and have spent a decent bit of cash on each .
i make a point to regularly discuss the game with players at the top of master league .
i have never shitposted about any blizzard game ... until today .
no balance patch in over two months after massive scaling changes that totally rebalanced every hero in the game .
serious ongoing information lag in notifying users of upcoming new content e.g. we still do n't know when the balance patch is coming .
after all that silence and all those player requests for info a bullshit question mark ! ! !
for empty hype-train purposes instead of actual concrete word on what 's ahead for the game .
announcement of a huge amount of money to be thrown into tournaments with no sign of similar commitment of resources to features actually anticipated by the community like arena clans map editor the fucking emote wheel that got temporarily '' removed a while back remember that guys ?
five of the last six hero releases rexxar artanis cho'gall lunara greymane have all come out severely undertuned and competitively near-unusable .
and medic started pretty crappy and has only come into her own after the scaling changes .
per hotslogs winrates two-thirds of heroes are currently below 50 winrate .
fourteen heroes are below 46 which is equal to the entire roster above 50 winrate .
the game has calcified into a narrow range of op picks with everyone else getting short shrift .
and remember blizz saw this starting to happen after november and has sat on its hands since then .
the recruit-a-friend fiasco where dedicated players who 'd already recruited for blizz got fucked over and had to make smurf accounts in order to grind out the most anticipated mount in the game .
i 'm sure i could come up with more given a few more minutes to steam but i think this is quite enough for starters .
this is not good treatment of your consumer base .
i 've carried a lot of water for blizz over the years .
i 've sold a lot of friends on blizz games and defended a lot of blizz games against what i felt were unjust criticisms .
blizz i am the epitome of the customer you want .
i follow your games for years i spend lots of money on them and i defend them to my friends .
i understand a lot of these things are being pushed by corporate and not the dev team per se love you devs i 'm sure you 're doing the best you can with what you 've got my ire is largely directed elsewhere .
sorry but soon tm does n't cut it with a moba .
we need to know when heroes are coming out and when balance patches are expected .
we understand software development is not an exact science .
let us know what you 've got in the works .
do n't drip-feed us information that we have to beat out of you .
do n't treat your player base like a bunch of fucking chumps .
give older players a chance to buy grind out incentives for newer players .
there 's no excuse for greymane 's w bug not getting caught and fixed before he came out .
there 's no excuse for the myriad of horrendous glitches that affected rexxar upon his initial release .
there 's no way you did n't know lunara was going to be seriously underpowered .
you 've done pretty well on a long string of releases in the past e.g .
sylvanas tlv leoric johanna so i know you can get it together again .
tagging u/trikslyr and u/spyrian because c'mon guys we deserve some answers .
i 'm passionate about the game and really unhappy with some of the decisions made about it lately but you guys are right honey catches more flies than vinegar .
i have a lot of respect for the heroes dev team and i would not want them to feel like i 'm unfairly rancorous .
until today i bought many games with my card on psn store i 'm living on europe romania .
but today when i try to buy a new game without changing any information of my credit card it 's not allowing me to use it it 's weird because how come it worked 3 days ago but now it 's not working ?
and i checked i have plenty money on it .
the error is this the credit card information on file is not valid .
go to function screen settings playstation network account management account information wallet and check the credit card information .
i checked and my credit card it 's ok so what is the problem ?
to whom i need to adress for this problem ?
fujairah computing initiative is displaying the world 's first exascale supercomputer .
the exaflop is considered to be the equivalent to the computing power of the human brain and so this marks a significant achievement in computer science .
the supercomputer has two main immediate uses for human progress .
the first is it will be capable of mapping and modelling the human brain which has the potential to revolutionise the pharmaceutical and medical professions as we can for the first time see how the brain operates and reacts to diseases and new drugs .
the second major application is exascale supercomputers have the computational power to accurately model the entire earth 's weather system for the next two weeks .
this has obvious effects on disaster planning as well as commercial opportunities .
the development has been a partnership between fujairah computing initiative global foundaries the second largest semiconductor manufacturer in the world by revenue and nyu abu dhabi
the supercomputer will be showcased at expo 2020 but will be permanently housed in the specially-built fujairah data haven .
i 'm in the market to buy a guitar and i 'm just curious if anyone knew what guitar kurt played on in utero .
i 've heard it was his jaguar but also that is was other nameless cheap '' guitars .
1 if i planted mccormick brand poppy seeds would they produce p. somniferum poppies that actually contain opium ?
2 would these seeds in a right amount actually be effective when used in making pst ?
i 'm looking to pay off my mortgage asap and i 'm after a spreadsheet or service that can keep track of my extra repayments variable amounts and somewhat sporadic .
i want to be able to compare to where i 'd be if i had n't made the extra payments so i can see how far ahead i 'm getting in terms of payoff time basically for motivation and money saved .
i have come across a few things but seem quite what i 'm after .
one of the things i 've found is many of them do n't have fortnightly repayments which is what i need .
preferably a spreadsheet or web based thing or even an app .
would n't it be cool to have a short 20 to 30 minute documentary something like this https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=vf_pdzybrje but longer and more indepth with behind-the-scenes footage of the development team team 5 including some of the weekly meetings the people behind the voice acting card designs in progress the making of an expansion/adventure etc ?
i do n't expect them to show everything that happens behind the scenes i.e .
marketing strategies and highly classified future projects but as a fan of the game i 'm really interested in seeing the creation of the audio/visual/card design parts .
then again if they decide to make such a thing it probably would n't come out very soon since they 're probably currently working on content that wo n't come out until the start of next year .
hello i 'm looking for people to play with .
i 'm a 27 yo guy with a mic who is playing the game most evenings on workdays and on free time on weekends .
up to this moment i played only solo i 'm above average player most of the time i top every lobby i play but sometimes it 's not enough if i 'm facing full parties on the enemy team and i 'm the only one on my team making them sweat .
i 'm not hating these situations as i know i 'm getting better when handling those but it would be fun to have someone to join forces and show other parties how the game should be played .
i can speak english or russian languages fluent too .
as i know many of you care about the stats so these are ca n't say the exact ones as i do not care about them i play to win overall k/d 1,4 after getting dark matter challenges done overall spm 600
the one in the screen is ft i want a pc on a mw one
to fix this set a google ip as your dns for unknown reasions the login server is refusing a japanese dns .
this issue started with the last update patch from destiny !
if you load destiny and it gets past press x and times out saying you need to be on psn then this is the issue !
every time i try and connect to a world ie reboot the game closes and it says i have been disconnected from server please try again later .
does anybody have any info as to why its doing this ?
it probably has the most shocking and off-putting opening line in any film i 've ever seen in a good way .
i mainly play fps games like skyrim and far cry a few racing games and gta v i also play battlefront and battlefield 4 as well as cs go casually
currently torn between either the lg 23mp67hq or benq gl2450hm
a side effect from the added onscreen notifications is the confirmation that strikers can trigger their own iso sets when they jump in to assist .
we can now identify when this happens and tag them in if we want to take advantage of it .
i opened 24 packs today in those packs i pulled a pacioretty and 2 potg sam bennett 's .
i also saw two different streamers pull him over the last couple days but none of the new potgs .
i 've never heard of anyone pulling a high end potg kane or something after that promotion is over yet here we are everyone getting potg bennett ... what gives ?
i had move across country believing i had opportunities in some actual help desk positions .
however in both jobs there was absolutely nothing to do little to no tickets/cases even if i tried looking for work .
not wanting to waste time i studied and earned the a and net certs currently working on the sec .
i am currently stuck in a rut because the first job is a tier 3 and the second job is a tier 2 .
however come interview time it looks terrible when i can not answer questions relevant to those tiers .
my question is should i just remove the tier 2/3 affixes on my resume ?
i used to work two jobs before moving one in the food/customer service industry the other in an administrative position as a credentialing rep for eye care insurance .
i wish to pursue a path that will lead me to be a network engineer .
i plan to earn the security for government requirements ccna mcse and ccie certificates .
please let me know if you have any questions i tried to keep it as brief as possible .
a match with ambrose for ic belt wo n't cut it .
reigns vs trips and lesnar/bray do n't need to be for the title .
it can be like mania 28 when punk/jericho for the title was third last match .
some of my rune pages and name have changed in the new champ select screen .
some of my pages are not showing up and some of them dont even have any runes in them .
im basically going for 6ik 4rk spear charge build .
however i am having a bit of trouble going up in torment difficulty and having quite bad luck with gear .
is there any way to optimize my current gear to help me out a bit ?
currently i can comfortably clear t5-t6 with him as it is but i feel like he might be capable of more .
nehru 's vision of pervasive state control was a crushing blow to innovation especially because it devalued r d .
so i uploaded a tutorial video on my channel but as it seems i did find some major flaws .
i was editing my video using my earphones yesterday and the music seemed quite ok. and now when i play the video on youtube on speakers i can hear no background music at all .
i could hear some unwanted pops and sound effects .
is there a way to do this while browsing streams ?
if not would that be a feature you 'd like to see ?
browse starting with an empty or a filled channel .
i get this message whenever i even try to go online and play .
so people say jesus is god that came to earth in human form .
so if jesus is god himself then why in the bible there are passages of jesus praying to god ?
does n't that obviously make them 2 different people ?
it 's not exactly clear to me but can you post drama from posts you 've made ?
i know in like 20 posts that i have made there has been drama but im not sure if i can post it ya know ?
we have been married for a few years and ever since we started dating we both showed some curiosity about what it might be like to have a 3some but time and reality always got in the way and the fantasy never really came up as a reality .
we used to talk about it in the bedroom and imagine we were being really naughty and for some reason in my head it the third person was always another girl .
tonight we are out for drinks at a bar not too far from home and when i come back from the bathroom i see a look in your eye that i 've only ever seen when we are in the bedroom ...
i know that look well ... darling ... . you know how we talked about ... ''
i 'd love to play this role out from this point on .
i 'm looking for something where instead of finding a girl to play with my lovely innocent wife has found a guy she fancies and maybe we are a bit too tipsy and things go differently to plan ...
maybe the guy is so ridiculously amazing that it ends up with her just having sex with him and me being left out ...
happy to see where things evolve but i love the idea of having the fantasy turned on its head and watching things change in front of me faster than i can keep up with so i totally lose control of the situation .
happy for this to turn into a cheating/cuckolding play or even an interracial play if that 's your thing .
feel free to introduce your own twist to it and i 'm happy to play two roles in the play if needed .
feel free to suggest your own role as well with a cuckolding/cheating theme or let me know what you had in mind .
i have a bf that i have n't used yet .
other leads that i use are a. shiva a. ra a. kirin .
but lately i like to use water leads especially sarasvati occasionally use i i or blue valk .
preferably looking for a hypermax sarasvati user who plays actively .
my spirituality and serenity and therefore my sobriety come from within .
no leader '' or even wannabe leader '' can give that to me .
that also means they ca n't take it away .
personally i do n't always carry my surface book in a case especially if i 'm just making a trip out for coffee or something .
but i 'm constantly worrying that something will bump my stylus and knock it off its magnetic track and i 'll lose it .
the surface pro 3 had a pretty good solution .
it came with a little felt loop that securely attached to whatever part of the surface and kept the stylus in place .
well i found out that microsoft actually still sells these and they 're only 5 with free shipping http www.microsoftstore.com/store/msusa/en_us/pdp/surface-pen-loop/productid.314886000 .
what 's even better is you do n't need to keep your stylus actually in the loop if you position it correctly .
here 's precisely where i stuck the loop http i.imgur.com/bvn2zqp.png
and here you can see that just the clip of the stylus is inside the loop while the stylus itself is still magnetized to the size of the surface .
http i.imgur.com/rltzubs.png so it slips out easily but it also stays secure a lot better than just using the magnet .
and finally you obviously could just put the stylus inside the loop like god intended .
i 'm sitting in a comet with 15k exp not sure if it would be worth grinding it out for the marathon .
so shrapnel shot is a ranged attack skill that fires an arrow which deals lightning damage to nearby enemies in a cone in front of the player.
if you support it with gmp does it creates multiple cones that overlap ?
hi all i am planning to do a draft tonight in fm16 at 8pm gmt .
it will be a knockout cup max 8 players have 3 already !
say on a page of mine i have the following text
a german entrepreneur has built the first ever tech company selling perpetual motion machines . ''
is it tech company '' or german entrepreneur '' or tech company selling perpetual motion machines '' .
im guessing that google considers everything as keywords and then looks at the rest of the content on that page as wellbas the website itself to determine and define concise and exact keywords .
how do i ensure that big g notices '' the keyword that i want to rank for ?
should i just write 100 naturally or should i help search engines ?
do i have to make sure to put in the exact keyword will best electric smoker '' and the best of electric smokers '' both rank for best electric smoker '' ?
will the former example rank easier/better than the latter ?
o note this comment box will not appear in your post so you do not need to delete it .
include links to everything that you can in this tab after appropriate label and feel free to delete any that do not apply .
you do not have to complete a showcase to create a game thread however it is encouraged .
preview explain here why people should play your game !
include videos pictures anything else you can think of to impress the people in the sub .
u/your reddit name here and feel free to add other organizers as well in this tab .
sign up for reddit if you do n't have an account .
it is completely free and they do not give out your personal information nor do they email you !
share the link to your group so that others can join into the conversations .
the post will fall off the front page in a few days however you can always link the post and continue commenting on it and continuing discussions .
turning comment sort to 'new ' will help you see the newest posts .
flair up by following the information found here https www.reddit.com/r/humansvszombies/wiki/flairs
check out these other hvz related communities as well !
this morning when i logged in to do my bing pc searches i found that there were none available for me .
the only credits available were the three daily credits from clicking on the links on the main page .
it looks like the bing credit structure has changed once again .
just got the game and booted up the first mission in the tutorial .
they looked like normal looking asteroids and then within a millisecond turned white .
are the comments right when they say that they are supposed to be white because they are icy rocks ?
thanks to anyone who can shed light on this issue .
i could n't find many other people wondering the same thing .
with the new gui in 2.3 coming up do you guys take suggestions and/or patches to improve some interface flaws/imperfections that were present in 2.2 and would probably remain in 2.3 otherwise ?
the dns resolver/forwarder could use small hints that they use unbound/dnsmasq respectively .
unbound 's forwarding mode button lacks a description unlike the other buttons
the quality rrd graphs should swap the vertical labels ms instead of ms since the packet loss is actually on the bottom of the graph
the dhcp lease list should add a button to look up the device 's manufacturer based on the mac on oui e.g .
link port numbers in the firewall logs too e.g .
move the gateway weight '' setting into the gateway group screen .
imho it makes more sense there instead of defining a weight for each gateway on its own
certain menu entries should be reordered or grouped e.g .
system general setup diagnostics halt reboot diagnostics factory reset backup/restore diagnostics ping traceroute dns lookup test port etc. .
while alphabetic ordering is not bad it does n't help if you do n't know exactly how the thing you need is called and where to find it .
grouping would improve this a lot and make finding the correct section faster .
additionally reordering such that entries like general '' are at the top would improve readability too .
the firewall nat port forward rules page lacks the quick toggle button that the firewall rules pages have .
additionally disabling a nat rule does n't appear to be disabling the linked rule which is very very confusing
saving firewall rules but not applying them results in wan configuration has been changed etc '' .
lan the message changes into lan configuration has been changed etc. '' .
state killing on gateway failure the monitoring process will flush states for a gateway that goes down if this box is not checked .
please do n't hide the hostname field in custom '' dynamic dns entries .
some dashboard widgets are updated dynamically whereas others e.g .
instead of staying empty the upper portion on the interface widget of 3g connections could display link status such as link quality
why use openvpn not under vpn in system logs ?
mine started off with an afk 5 minutes in and we lead kills !
first post here although i 've been following for some time .
i 'm so hyped for the rift and i 'm lucky enough to have a march date for my preorder .
the question i have is do i really need to upgrade my gpus ?
i have searched around a lot and not found much with my specific configuration the last post i found was a couple of months old and did n't really answer my question .
if i am just blind then apologies and please point me in the right direction .
my current rig is an ageing i5 2500k 4.3ghz i ca n't get it stable any higher annoyingly i think i lost the chip lottery a z68xp-ud4 from gigabyte which annoyingly has incompatible usb 3.0 ports so i 'm buying a pci-e card and two gtx 680s sli 'd together .
what i 'd like to know is can i run it ?
'it ' being anything designed to run on the cv1 recommended system at launch .
i plan to pick up two pascal flagship cards when they drop whenever that may be and i do n't really want to pick up anything in the interim that i probably would n't need in the future .
i know there is vr sli but from what i 've read that 's not going to be supported in the majority of games at release or more accurately i guess would have to be very specifically coded in by the developers .
what i want to know is how is vr with regular sli these days are there horrible stuttering and latency issues etc .
i 'm pretty sure that nvidia gameworks supports 6xx cards for vr sli but if it is n't going to be supported by the majority of games is it really worth it ?
i get a score of just 11k in the 3dmark fire strike bench which is still plenty to run the majority of modern games at high ultra settings at 1080p 60fps with no aa but on my pretty small 22 '' screen that 's not particuluarly noticeable and i 'll take framerate over pretty visuals any day of the week .
i have no problem lowering settings as needed and disabling aa to get that beautiful minimum 90fps required by the cv1 .
having never used any vr ever i 've never been fortunate enough to have a demo and no one i know even remotely cares about vr and i absolutely can not wait for the ship date .
i 'm just worried i 'll be disappointed for dropping £500 on a piece of kit that i wo n't be able to run until pascal falls out of the sky .
is is amazing to get up each morning with no hang over and not feeling guilty from what i did yesterday.i ca n't believe i 'm starting day 9 .
no tl dr read this whole thing and sorry in advance for any formatting errors .
before you start reading this please understand that this was created in a rush and may contain errors .
i do not claim that this is a perfect document but i do think it is reasonably accurate and worth reading through .
feel free to comb through the claims of this events list and provide your input .
it should come as no surprise that this is probably incomplete and probably a small bit biased as with many things ! .
my goal in posting this is to educate fellow detroiters/suburbians about the issues going on with dps and give some insight into why the teachers are so angry .
it is n't just about the horrible building conditions that the news/mayor is focusing on .
for information on me i am a teacher at cass technical high school and a phd student at wayne state university i have also attended the union meetings regarding these sick outs and other issues .
my position on this sick-out issue is not rock solid like some of the other people you may see demonstrating on the street and at the auto show today .
in fact i did argue passionately against the sick out today although i argued for cass tech 's only other sick out .
however i fully understand almost everyone 's complaints and their desire to keep this issue relevant to the public .
so to help all my friends here at r/detroit i bring you this list of events to help put this in context .
1994 plan a – school funding based on a per-pupil allocation of 7296 .
school board spends 55-60 of state per-pupil allocations on classroom instruction .
voters pass 1.5b bond for new construction and renovations .
1997 – an audit by an independent firm concluded that dps had significant problems with governance administration management finance operations students scoring poorly on achievement tests dps suffers from high dropout rates .
engler signed into law public act 10 board members appointment of school reform board by mayor in certain school districts and provide for chief executive officer of school district senator d. degrow
it allowed mayer archer to appoint a 6-person reform board and a 7th person being the state superintendent of public instruction .
when the state took over dps had a nearly 100m positive fund balance increasing enrollment and mid-range academic scores .
1.2b of the 1.5b remained from the bond passed in 1994 .
2002 – dps spends 24.1m to move into the fisher building .
3 years into the state takeover dps reports a 48.7m deficit .
2004 – the citizens of detroit vote to return power of the schools to the elected school board .
kenneth burnley announces a projected 200m deficit no action was brought against him or his plan .
governor granholm approves a 210m loan to be paid back in the amount of 310m over 15 years to cover the deficit .
2005 – dps halts teachers ' salaries and step increases .
their main argument for this was that this would prevent them from reducing salaries and wages any further in light of the large deficit .
2006 – a new board was elected and put in place .
at this time the 100m surplus budget has fallen to a 200m deficit and 27 schools closed .
not being able to in a 3-year period lead to the state to another state takeover .
dps reinstated staff steps but asks teachers to loan them 5 days to be paid back at a later date in efforts to prevent salary reductions and to help with operation costs .
the bond had then been earmarked for projects under state management .
2009 – robert bobb appointed as the 1st emergency manager of dps by granholm .
the board foundation a large organization promoting school choice and privatization of the education system in this country pays bobb a 145k salary in addition to his 280k government salary .
bobb closes additional schools many being the newly renovated ones .
bobb spends 40m on out of state consulting expenditures after firing the then current dps staff .
bobb increases the number of district assistant superintendents from 3 to 10 at a 1m expenditure .
bobb hires 4 out of state vendors to manage 17 dps high schools that remained under dps control to the tune of 20m .
bobb takes out 3 separate loans to cover short falls at an expense of 41.8m in interest .
tip was initiated where dps borrowed 500 each month to reduce payroll taxes and presumably prevent salary reductions .
the state instituted a 3 health care trust to establish a future health care expense fund which may or may not existed at retirement .
all of which received these funds back except for the educators in the state .
bobb reports that the deficit is now at 327m .
2011 – tip ends to the tune of 9,000 per teacher to be returned at the separation from service with the district .
dps and bobb instituted a 10 pay cut across the board taking 9 this year .
roy roberts is appointed as the 2nd em of dps by snyder – promising he would be the last .
2012 – the education achievement authority was introduced instituted by snyder with 15 schools and 11,000 dps students .
eaa 's purpose was to turn around detroit 's 15 worst performing schools .
dps took the additional 1 of the 10 pay reduction this year .
2013 – jack martin is appointed as the 3rd em of dps by snyder .
2014 – jack martin proposes an additional 10 pay cut to teacher 's salaries .
teachers will also have to pay 13.1m in healthcare increasing payments to nearly an additional 100/mo .
2015 – darnell earley the guy with strong ties to the flint water problem appointed as the 4th em of dps by snyder .
1,100 of the 7,000 per pupil allocation now goes to debt repayment .
early proposes an additional 10 wage cut for teachers eliminating more teaching positions and the closure of additional schools .
due to heavy opposition once again this plan is rejected .
2016 – dps currently operates with a combined 3.5b operations deficit and long term debt .
around 3,000 of the 7,300 per pupil allocation is used for debt repayment
less than 40 of the per pupil allocation is used for classroom instruction and dps operations .
currently the debt payment is 26m designed to chip away at the 121m owe for current cash flow issues with an additional 139.8m owed for prior operating expenses .
debt payment to increase to 53m to cover the mounting 515m deficit .
with the insolvency debt the taxpayers are on the hook for 1.5b through bankruptcy .
the main issue here that i 'm hoping comes through is the exploding debt that has been accrued during the watch of the state appointed boards/emergency managers .
i absolutely assure you this is the biggest issue facing dps right now and i absolutely confirm to you this is the main focus of the teacher sick outs .
the debt is ballooning and the people of detroit had almost no electoral representation during this .
this is where most of the anger of the teachers and community is coming from .
from our perspective the state took over the school board/finances and over the last 13/17 years they 've completely bankrupted us without us having any impactful input whatsoever .
to me it is very similar to telling your kid that you 're taking over the finances of your neighbor 's house because most people on the street think your neighbor is handling themselves extremely poorly and everyone does n't want them to tank the value of the entire street/neighborhood .
yet while you 've been in charge of their finances which were not a disaster at the start of your takeover you 've run your neighbor into crippling debt where now about 40 of their income has to go to interest payments to debt that you 've racked up on their behalf without them having any say in it .
then when the neighbor is protesting the situation you try and claim it is n't your fault .
perhaps this allegory is good but incomplete but i hope it gives you the picture of where dps employees are emotionally and why this may seem like it is exploding all of a sudden .
in fact this has been a very long journey to where we 're at .
if the city wants to really start attracting businesses to come back to detroit in my opinion the best thing the city could do is get the schools in order .
if you 're looking at a job in another part of the country for a hot new company but want to start a family the first thing you 're going to ask is how 're the schools ? '' .
if the answer to that question is not good at all but you can commute anywhere between 25 mins-1 hour one-way depending on where you can afford/want to live '' that may be a hindrance upon you deciding to move to detroit .
i 've taught in two school districts that get slightly less money per pupil than detroit public schools yet are absolutely fabulous school districts that run effectively and are accommodating to the needs of their populations .
detroit public schools can be an outstanding school district with the revenue it currently receives .
however we 're crippled under this debt and you see the results .
the purpose of the sickouts is to call attention to this debt and thus it becomes the biggest demand of the teachers to have the state immediately resolve this issue so we can go back to teaching like it should be done .
i 'll end it here even though there is a great deal more to discuss .
i just wanted to get this information out to my friends here .
the previous debates have been really healthy ones and i encourage all of you to keep talking about this .
talk about it here on r/detroit and more importantly talk about it with your friends and neighbors .
i am looking for a cpu or apu that matches the fm2 socket .
mostly interested in the athlon x4 860k and the a10-7870k !
or maybe omething like a gtx 650ti 660ti 670 680 760 etc .
i know it is n't really for computers but if anyone has a spare car amp they wan na sell i need one .
always see lots of questions regarding ap interviews etc .
thought i would take some time and do an ama for you you guys .
i do n't want to give to many details but i have been part of ap at target for more than three years .
i started as a target protection specialist tps and moved up to a senior tps and then an aps .
i work at a very busy store sales and theft wise .
i have a pretty decent knowledge of other aspects in the company that i would be happy to try to answer as well .
i 'll try to be as transparent as possible but will also not give away anything confidential .
1,2,3 number indicates where in the pick phase the champion was taken .
1,2,3 number indicates where in the pick phase the champion was taken .
1,2,3 number indicates where in the pick phase the champion was taken .
com este tópico gostaria de abrir espaço para que se possa falar do assunto sem qualquer tipo de preconceitos e de forma bastante segura afinal de contas isto é anónimo !
do n't usually like shots like this but dayummm this is sexy .
in the event he becomes president i ca n't wait to see your reaction .
you beg the question that throwing more money at the schools is going to solve the problem .
ps i 'm not arguing that throwing more money into policing solves it either .
do n't know sorry their support is supposed to be pretty good i would expect no less of their sales team to give you a tailored quote .
i 'm working on writing up the lore for my newer character dianstixen for natum which i feel that the old members should take a better focus on lore and roleplay to sorta set the example for all the new blood we 'll be getting .
so the entire premise of the product he 's reviewing is ridiculous and he acknowledges it and his income is based on interactions and not likes anyway .
cad being rubbish and needing to pay in usd aka 25 more is a large reason for me .
i 'll see if i get invited into the beta otherwise wait and look at beta gameplay the nda is off after alpha there will be player gameplay in 2 months when the beta starts .
if i like what i see i might get the basic pack .
if i like what i play i might get the season pass .
not doing a very good job though ... italy and greece that is ...
i was wondering a few months ago if an army decided to invaded the eu on foot say through hungary there would be no one to stop them right ?
i saw an animated graph a few months ago on how hungary building the border fence changed the migration routes through europe .
it 's really interesting to me that this is how our expectations of games have changed .
games are no longer just released for us to enjoy they are expected to be continuous events a constant bouncing ball to hold our limited attention over a period of time .
i 'm not sure yet if this is a good or bad thing but it 's definitely a thing .
snape changed his views on things and switches side to save everyone .
he is one example of how powerful love is .
james stopped being a bully matured died for his family and went on to fight dark wizards .
they are real grey area characters like real people .
ya but i 've never involved in anything like this before so i do n't have any ideas at the moment .
but i will it some peaceful contemplation over the next few days and see if anything comes up .
well if he 's going to the msu guys house he 'd probably figure out a way to lose those plans as he was about to finish them .
maybe you can find a local hobby shop that carries them ?
i remember hearing about this movie but it never saw a release near me .
i know it did n't look great but i do like rainn wilson and was planning on picking it up for that sole purpose .
if you ever have any questions please feel free to message me !
the thing that helps me with that is holding the wire out kind of far away from the core wire like 8-10 inches away and letting the spool rotate freely in my hand but still keeping tension .
i had to kind of find a sweet spot .
you need to have more interaction https www.reddit.com/wiki/commenting wiki_commenting with the r/globaloffensive community before posting video or stream links .
unfortunately this has become necessary to combat video spam people who only use the subreddit to blatantly advertise their content .
members of organizations and other high-profile individuals can be excluded from this restriction in some cases per request .
please do not contact the moderators asking about the participation level required for submitting content we do not typically reveal it but it is quite low and any reasonably active commenter should reach it easily .
you can find our rules regarding advertising and self-promotion here https www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensive/wiki/rules wiki_9.29_advertising_and_self-promotion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensive if you have any questions or concerns .
brown is a big part of this problem as well .
the judicial system and the courts are a public service for the public they are n't just for the uber wealthy .
by eliminating an affordable equal access justice system we have a multi-billion dollar poverty crisis on our hands .
all so brown and kamala harris could save a few million by cutting the court 's budget burning all of the books in the library while playing ozzy osborne 's crazy train . ''
my tank is all fake except for one anubias that i bought last week .
if i can keep it alive i plan to go all natural .
peter you did n't know what 9/11 was until 2004 ''
it 's funny how this becomes a sad question for people in a relationship .
i suggest continuing to play norms when you 're lv 30 because there 's a completely different level of playing between lv 29 and lv 30 .
as for your goal any goal is great to have to go for .
know various roles and champs for each lane and i 'm sure you 'll get to s3 this season .
breen is wrong because he says that before trump announced his bid for the presidency .
insofar as the letter of the law is concerned breen got lucky .
if we can successfully create convincing vr we may be able to maintain the consumer culture
really the consumer culture other then being unsustainable should be abolished anyway as much as possible .
it is n't doing us any favors as a culture or society .
while that 's true i tend to go the less awkward route and assume that i am not the subject of unavailable women 's masturbatory fantasies absent evidence to the contrary .
thigh gap is not an indicator of health or even a healthy weight .
it 's an indicator of how wide your pelvis is .
what did you think the title of return of the jedi '' meant ?
if the 1-click root is legit it 's already on xda ... with more information .
the dealership has insurance that covers it i believe .
the dealer i asked about it said i would have to pay the deductible but that their insurance would cover the rest .
it 's almost like non-english people struggle to grasp an english sense of humour .
i was born in september on the year of the new millennium .
i listened to a taylor swift song on my birthday this year cause i was in fact feelin
in all seriousness our southern brethren can sometimes be sticklers with the salutations .
yeah but at least you got all the good nature
a republican congress did n't make him come out publicly supporting mass surveillance .
obstructionist politics did n't make him sign executive orders to expand drone strikes .
stacked odds did n't make him re-sign the patriot act .
a lot of shit that had nothing to do with the odds he faced they were decisions he made with no hindrance .
decisions that he largely campaigned against only to do the complete opposite once in office .
complete disappointment is an understatement if you care about your civil liberties and the integrity of this country .
yes but if you are currently in blockstun or hitstun a button press will not do anything .
if you substitute robust '' for fortified '' you could start trying some carignans from the roussillon or some old-school priorats .
i had double incision with him i was originally hoping for peri but he recommended di .
on his website there are dozens of photos of peri surgeries along with comments about what made each patient ideal or not for that approach .
i do n't think you understand how many bots account for active accounts in wow ... you think its them being lazy ?
they keep the numbers up so people think that wow is still an active community .
i hate to tell you but wow is almost dead it has been dying for a long time .
it 's the mix of tricked people coming back to try it again after breaks and the bot community that keeps it going .
i figured it might be related to how mh4u uses advanced capabilities of the n3ds so i tried ssb4 and xenoblade chronicles .
ssb4 was fine but in xc i got exactly the same bgm error with it skipping every second or so and playing in fragments .
so clearly it 's something wrong with my cfw or system setup ...
even after chalice dungeons still those giant anchor swinging shark bastards .
imo that 's just because kamui 's ambitions were a more self-centered and thus less interesting as makishima 's .
also kamui did n't come off as intimidating or threatening as makishima did .
such a loss is good for napoli in the long run .
they can refocus and put their attention to europe and the league .
besides given the great chance we have of winning the coppa this season i 'd rather face inter than napoli .
im american an we as a country have basically turned into faggots reeeeelax not using as a slur ... as i grow older in this country i realize i develop bad habits .
i brush important shit to the side in order to have more play time .
theres 24 hours in a day it wouldnt be the worsr thing to teach them discipline .
7 hours of sleep 7 of school you have ten other hours to eat and enjoy hobbies sports books etc .
fucking pre-teens dont need a fucking break.let em eadt during class .
not something i 've personally tested all my skylake systems are ddr3l but i would n't expect it to benefit much .
the igpu is power limited before it is bandwidth limited i think at least on the 15w gt2 parts i have .
kicker '' usually means something like the thing that put it over the edge '' you could probably google a better definition so he 's asking what was the part that made you not want to do it again
quite impressive pervasive thought that replicated itself via cultural means
this comment acts as a discussion area for the prompt .
all non-story replies should be made as a reply to this comment rather than as a top-level comment .
it was someone who commented on one of his threads .
it was a ken troll fail since the person just believed him with oh ok i didnt know '' .
are you sure its not puddles of drool from dc looking at what marvel has and saying me too me too !
shit they can get skim milk right out of the tap at home .
here you got info about exactly what you need and how to make it .
wiki is always a very good source to seek information about gw2 .
you can also use it direct in game by writing wiki dark harvest or what ever else you are looking for .
gw2 wiki is one of the best wikis i ever seen for a game .
i 'm old enough to ride dick pretty well but still require someone to come kill the spiders in my room and do my taxes .
this is why i do n't even ask people for their gamertags irl
says just as much about you as it does them .
so a child should also have the decision on what they eat drink do to themselves etc ?
realistically for me it started a bit before we kissed because we 'd been talking about our feelings for each other and also about my current relationship status and where things were going ...
i agree that i do n't regret it even though it was the wrong way to go about things .
weird to have those two seemingly contradictory feelings but i do !
i am also pretty sure he is not an idiot .
the things that he 's had the opportunity to speak into the microphone over the last six months have set this country back many many steps .
did n't mean to post ambiguous information on purpose .
this case 'got ' me just like everyone else in this reddit sub .
seems far fetched but could provide proof that the valet key way not regularly used by her .
the nola jazz fest is like a week long right ?
i think that 's why it seems so much better in comparison .
personally this year 's roo lineup is worth it for me but overall it is pretty underwhelming .
i though it was autolock at the end of the timer too .
doing the penguing matches is a good opportunity to do chains .
you can write a list beforehand of player chains you can complete/do then you can format your team faster when grinding .
did n't really expect to get a response to my joke but completely understand !
there 's no need to get agitated with each other .
also the source material does n't count they 're two different entities .
the anime was made to be watched as an adaptation and a standalone and as such the manga is neither required reading '' nor is it relevant .
obviously the manga being a longer format clears things up but it is the anime 's job to tell a cohesive story not the viewer 's .
as a 36 year old knowing that the original series ' exist makes trying to watch any of the new garbage painful .
not that it 's awful but just far too polished and does n't speak with the same raw gravitas as kod djh and dh .
we took the stuff we use to make azure work and made it work on iis on windows .
you can run ruby now go node asp.net whatever all on iis .
i understand it 's influence and its part of the reason i chose to ignore it .
because it does n't need any more free advertising then it already gets .
it would n't be the first time people have been critical of the oscars .
most people i know have concluded that it 's a straight up joke and the less time i spend talking about it the better .
the oscars have for the last couple decades been nepotism incarnate and whether we bring attention to the issue of few poc nominees or not it 's going to stay nepotism incarnate .
and if this boycott actually manages to do anything then it will just be a more diverse shit show .
the vocal chord parasites just as a method to keep zero 's information control at bay so he could continue his plan of selling nuclear weapons in order to achieve total nuclear deterrence and thus peace .
i do n't think there 's a big market for green gems ... i dont think many people would stick those in their gear and on top of that there just arent that many sockets in gear .
however the jc hut in garrison does ask for green gems sometimes ... that yields quite a bit of gold so maybe people buy em for that .
why has nobody developed a shield that gives a nice reach for punching ?
that chainmail around the neck isnt gon na do much against a shield uppercut to the jaw .
for withdrawals the money leaves your account immediately and takes 3 days to reach paypal 's account .
for deposits it leaves paypal 's account immediately and takes 3 days to reach your account .
the is what good about movies that are books/comics .
it is someone else 's interpretation of what they read .
i do n't recall the newborn daughter event to have this portrait .
'' in other words if we do n't hold above the current floor of support boroden is not ruling out a massive correction that could take us 28 percent or even 35 percent lower '' cramer said .
in other news if it rains a bit tomorrow i 'm not ruling out the possibility that it will rain quite a bit more for the rest of the week .
this article is garbage designed to generate ad revenue and say nothing .
it is also advocating one of the classic psychological fear response investing mistakes which is selling at a loss and holding cash .
i did see another possible regarding windows 7 having an issue and thought it could be the same also..
3 go in c windows\syswow64 and check if igfxupdate.exe '' is also here if yes delete it
start execute services.msc or start type services.msc '' in the search bar windows 7
5 look for search indexer '' right click properties and change the automatic '' into disabled ''
start type cmd '' in the search bar windows 7 right click run as an administrator
i did n't know about the exact number of a 's so i figured it was best to just put in a half ass effort
the only thing that motivates me to get staff is the possibility of moving out of the dorms in japan
probably not going to happen as a brand new staff in japan .
if it 's yokota forget about it ... it ai n't happening .
i like square ones too but the tend to make you look more mature .
round ones make you look more cute which i like better .
i 'm not crazy about bts but i think they 're really cute and i like their music .
in 2006 he had the chance to score a penalty against napoli in a coppa italia match .
violence is only a short term solution that is used to get more time for an answer .
and i 'm not sure despite being fully clothed harley quinn is family friendly .
devil fruit user wills a boat of pure coa haki into existence .
i assumed it was in the negatives and rose by .00001
if someone uses the term race baiting '' they are almost always racist .
jbl pulls back the padding on the concrete floor for him ...
jeff is the man and always will be but holt was everything i could ask for in a replacement .
having no idea what the fuck you 're doing is normal .
here i was about to correct it to 10-14 .
it 's perfectly possible to eat meat and fish once or twice a week and carefully select your sources .
many organic certifications require sustainable catching and farming methods .
you pay three to four times more for that meat but that 's what it costs to do it sustainably .
the problem are the people who eat meat the times a day as cheap as possible and think nothing of it .
americans and europeans just have a horrible meat eating culture and almost nobody cares .
the average dane consumes 1 pound of meat per day .
havent had a chance to see it or brooklyn yet .
studying a language in school and speaking said language are rather unrelated .
when i went to munich not even the hotel clerk in a 4 star hotel would speak english .
i thought i heard a woman 's voice at the start .
reminds me of how i envision the aged-up version of my hunter http destiny-fanon.wikia.com/wiki/yelena_aleksandrova ...
i 'm still looking for a course of study do you have any recs there ?
well that does n't seem to be working too well .
illusion heroes are n't that strong right now though do n't need another counter
we ca n't climb ranked together in dynamic since solo will be true solo now ?
i just knew he was gon na pull the ray gun when he shafted you on the box .
i 'm honestly glad you got that kamakazi in i 'm the type to just let everything slide but i love a bit of justice every now and then .
basically anything will overheat with scbs now not really an issue .
why are you replacing a torsen with an open diff ?
we have to try irregardless of how mad the world gets to try and take up an issue to its logical conclusion doing otherwise would be to give up and live in a bubble .
taking an issue to the logical conclusion does not justify politicization of non-existent or clubbing together other issues .
living in a bubble that is exactly the problem .
that is the reason why none of the problems get to a logical conclusion ... cause every one just wants to see through their own cause protect their own bubble .
no one actually wants to get their hands dirty and work on a solution .
the fact that it has blown up so much just compounds to the problem ... so many more bubbles ...
the idea of debate is not what you see in that show its a tamasha and that 's how its presented and shown nothing more or less going on there .
i was referring to the times now debate to show you political opportunism at work .
and that is what reduces it to a tamasha .
no one will spoon feed you a reasoned argument you would have to seek it out in any case not just this one .
this is very true but i was responding to op 's statement about student suicide being ignored ... and my answer to it is unless there is a political opportunity in it no one is bothered about anyone dying .
i 'm having a comparable experience with an infj .
if she does n't want to be straight with you there 's nothing you can do about that .
if you 've given her reasonable opportunity to get her shit straight then the ball 's in your court you have to decide if you want to put up with what she 's dealing out or if it might just be best to cut your losses pack up and go home .
it 's hard but if she does n't want to play ball it might just be best to move on .
compromising your dignity trying to save '' a friendship will only ever hurt you in the long run .
if a person constantly leaves you feeling like you 're at a loss that 's a huge red flag that they 're a toxic presence in your life .
yea i have no idea but i asked him about 3 times are you sure these are n't similar or look written by the same person '' and he assured me they were pretty different .
i did n't ask too much about how he did it but i would imagine it 's what you said he probably took two different stances on the argument and wrote a paper for each .
where he got the time i do not know at all lol
if this makes code of princess not a slideshow i might actually finish that game .
we still do n't have an idea what do you make for a living i.e .
playing the denmark hill train lottery again this morning .
thameslink is the 1 reason i dont arrange meetings at 9am
you made me laugh and then your reference made me very sad c
is n't this rag closing down with the other conservative rags ?
after what what they pulled during the election how can anyone read their drivel ?
oh ... right we still have harper supporters trying to triple down on the tar sands .
whether or not it 's genetic or just a clusterfuck of conflating environmental historical and hereditary though not genetic factors is yet to be seen .
norn of the past urd http puzzledragonx.com/en/monster.asp ? n=1670 i/s08/c070/1670 norn of the past urd '' avowed thief ishikawa goemon http puzzledragonx.com/en/monster.asp ? n=2006 i/s10/c006/2006 avowed thief ishikawa goemon '' awoken hinokagutsuchi http puzzledragonx.com/en/monster.asp ? n=1726 i/s08/c126/1726 awoken hinokagutsuchi ''
sun god ra dragon http puzzledragonx.com/en/monster.asp ? n=2259 i/s11/c059/2259 sun god ra dragon '' awoken ra http puzzledragonx.com/en/monster.asp ? n=2012 i/s10/c012/2012 awoken ra '' sparkling goddess of secrets kali http puzzledragonx.com/en/monster.asp ? n=1747 i/s08/c147/1747 sparkling goddess of secrets kali ''
god of the night tsukuyomi dragon http puzzledragonx.com/en/monster.asp ? n=2261 i/s11/c061/2261 god of the night tsukuyomi dragon '' blazing goddess of power kali http puzzledragonx.com/en/monster.asp ? n=2078 i/s10/c078/2078 blazing goddess of power kali '' awoken haku http puzzledragonx.com/en/monster.asp ? n=2076 i/s10/c076/2076 awoken haku '' cradle of hell goddess persephone http puzzledragonx.com/en/monster.asp ? n=2239 i/s11/c039/2239 cradle of hell goddess persephone ''
lunateehee actually over on the maneland we 've identified and notified over 20 artists who 've had their art stolen by this guy .
because aus have had no incentive to score any quicker .
the outcomes of those matches were known 10-15 overs out save odi 3 which was known 5 overs out .
i found this game browsing f2p games in may i 'm pretty picky when it comes to f2p so i went through quite a few pages and brawhalla caught my eye .
in a way yes ... but you could have a silver player playing support with 4 diamonds and his team could be a plat rated team .
the silver guy can claim he is plat ... . but unless he can do it aolo hes really not
in a way yes ... but you could have a silver player playing support with 4 diamonds and his team could be a plat rated team .
the silver guy can claim he is plat ... . but unless he can do it solo hes really not
thats why i called the police i know all the local cops and theyre pretty cool
i completely agree with that in theory but i tend to put my receipts in my wallet and they tend to rub off the ink and just be blank bits of paper after a week .
i still try to keep them all but they become a lot less useful when half or all of it is removed
voldemort and the scottish messi all in a week !
it 's probably the game and the first dlc .
just a little disappointed that margot did n't adopt that harley accent .
having an active skill queue on an account you 're not paying cash for will become expensive ... otherwise plexing alts will become trivially cheap as you just sell excess sp that you do n't need once your alt has enough sp to do the thing you created it for .
you can have a 50 chance to succeed and still fail for over 1000 tries .
at no point it means you certainly win no matter the amount of tries you have..
i thought on that what that might look like and how gameplay might work started talking about a couple district-based ideas to hold gentrification at bay historic preservation districts and red light districts .
one deals more with architecture than sociology and income but a href '' https www.reddit.com/r/citiesskylines/comments/41qm4k/would_anyone_like_an_economicfocused_expansion_to/cz4q95b '' there you go a .
supermarkets here in the uk have been doing that for a decade or more but recently some have trialed removing the locks to make it more convenient for customers..
what makes bowie any more an artist than chris martin ?
under your phone number it says something about the lease .
tap that and it should give you your lease info .
exactly my thoughts there 's got to be a third piece a final balancer that puts all three into perspective .
just like the old apex trio of rex spino and bronto .
i do n't think it 's the quetzal i think it will be something else land locked .
would not be shocked if he was in the rumble this year longer than rey was in 06 .
college grads should know the names of the fucking supreme court justices . ''
edit who ever would have imagined that 102 redditors would be proud to wallow in their ignorance ?
your post was removed because it uses the text box .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=are millennials more conservative with resources than gen .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
you need to have some level of access to it otherwise it 's not slowed down but at a standstill .
i assume you are saying the scary part is that they ca n't use technology not that technology use is required for most modern jobs ?
i know us does n't care very much but please !
what are your thoughts about the new mouz lu ?
i am currently working for biggest insurance company in poland as a software dev .
i was going through some legacy code today that was basically checking if some pdf files are present in a folder copying them in bulk saving status to the database and sending summary email .
not only in one class single responsibility principle anyone ?
what 's even more terrible that was a base class .
in children classes for other file types someone literally copy-pasted whole method marked is as override and changed 2 lines of code .
took me a whole day to refactor this shit .
you realize the idea of a toxic player was created by the community itself ?
also the report system is harder to abuse because it actually checks for if the report is legit and in the case it punishes someone who did n't do anything wrong riot is willing to reverse the decision after checking for themselves ... not to mention a perma-ban already get reviewed by a person at riot .
so yeah you can get fringe cases where someone has a string of bad games gets reported and perma banned for intentional feeding but that 's rather rare .
9 times out of 10 the person actually deserved the ban and either ca n't see it themselves even with the report card or try to hide it and cry to the community .
the thing is it does n't matter what the other person said to trigger you all that matters is how you react .
an eye for and eye just makes the world go blind '' .
you do n't go into a business to not make money .
the whole idea of a business is to maximize profits .
the life they imagine the average woman lives is hilarious to me .
they ca n't fathom that women are normal people like them who go to work and come home and do their laundry and cook dinner and watch tv maybe go out for drinks or a movie on the weekends .
no to them every woman is a jet-setting princess wannabe with a past full of foreign lovers who gets free drinks from every bartender and has men offering her money and prizes just for existing who only wants a boyfriend so she 'll have someone to pay for her jewelry and vacations .
you 're forgetting how hard it is to make it to the major leagues in baseball .
if you do n't make the majors you do n't make very much besides your signing bonus which may not be great if you 're not a very high pick .
in baseball you sign 2 contracts when you get drafted .
one is for the minors and pays very little and one is for the majors .
the guys in the minors make a decent living but it 's not enough to be mostly set after they retire possibly with injuries .
i think changing tags is good to do as your channel grows .
odds are your first couple of videos had terrible tags at least compared to your recent ones .
plus you can feel comfortable knowing there 's some form of continuity and equality with your tags being the same .
for me i 'm in the moment of redoing all my thumbnails this is the second time i 'm redoing them all .
once again it can help with your continuity and help your style but if you have a lot of videos it might be a little overwhelming i have over 1,000 videos so i 'm crying internally thinking about thumbnails .
i did n't have to learn to program in 6502 assembly language but i probably should have .
when you look into darkness you can definitely see pixels ... . wtf
the stabilizers alone will cost you more than a gon
make sure to get the rubber domes stickered as well for stability
explain to me why you are playing us servers ?
walk like an egyptian the bangles was a number one hit when i was born .
today 's black canary appreciation day on twitter and i stumbled on this picture featuring some of the more notable quotes from laurel .
my personal favorite is the second to last i know that the world is n't fair .
i know that it 's a terrible place where people deserve to get punished and they do n't . ''
imo this marked the time when laurel becomes fully drawn to vigilantism and showed that her next step was putting on the black canary mantle .
despite the poor execution and writing in general that laurel receives as well as her more prominent negative traits i do believe her road towards becoming black canary was a really good and believable story she put on the mantle not because it 's fun or because she was forced to but because she wanted to continue doing bringing the bad guys to justice and protect people just as she did as a lawyer but was held back due to corruption .
i also love how determined they made her character be a character trait i always love seeing in an underdog .
this one time my siblings and i and some of our friends made a super long multi-room tent over our clothes lines and hung out in them all day and then spent the night in there too .
it makes me sad because now we 're adults with responsibilities and ca n't do whimsical things like that anymore .
and also a lot of those friends grew up to be total trash and are no longer our friends .
there are so many places for feminist social-justice warriors nowadays why do you have to come here ?
this sub is not meant for discussing your safe space '' and political correctness ''
this is the unfortunate result of most people simply shunning the windows app store when it first came out simply because it was microsoft and they were trying something new .
i 'm not defending how microsoft is handling the app store now but there were so many people immediately who said they would n't use a microsoft app store when it first came out with windows 8 coupled with the people who were too attached to the old ui to try anything new that it just never even stood a chance .
using up all my gems during th3-5 not realising how precious they are
but it 's better to remove it now i think he read now and got the message .
hate to read a comment like that in this sub .
die gemäßigte falschschreibung von 2006 ist ein unwissenschaftlicher haufen scheiße der in die tonne gehört .
do not delete this submission for any reason or any of your comments .
any deletions will result in a ban from r/borrow .
if your request is fulfilled or you no longer need the money please use the confirm command to automatically flair your post as completed .
you may also manually flair this post once your loan is fulfilled or you no longer need the money .
you 've posted a req and we would like to remind you to make sure you have a few things in your post or it will be removed by a moderator .
location city state and if you 're outside of north america include country .
for more information about borrowing lending or our general rules please read the wiki https www.reddit.com/r/borrow/wiki/index .
do not respond to anyone via pm who requests your social security number or your country 's version of an identification number .
my job has told me that they will be transferring me soon to nyc and my girlfriend that lives with me is basically in limbo between 2 jobs shes moving with me as well and is having trouble making the rent .
this is a brand new account but i have requested and paid on this sub before paid thread https www.reddit.com/r/borrow/comments/3u6h6r/paid_uacespaceracer_now_elitedragonflacco_100 .
any kind of help would be more than appreciated !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/borrow if you have any questions or concerns .
i guarantee they 'll want to go back to their war torn country '' .
russians are absolutely not going to put up with their bullshit .
they will start disappearing as fast as they are entering the country if they do n't get their act together drop the backwards ass archaic ideology and move into the 21st century .
well they did do some maintenance yesterday but i know it feels like the neglected step child right now .
'heh greetings ' sound of gaining 10 armor in 1 turn
i personally upvoted the post and i have no clue as to why it is getting shit on .
assume that nothing is good enough for them because they are special .
also too much pornography can lead to an illusion of what sex is and is n't .
on one side you have the neds who do n't pay their phone bills leeching off the free wifi on the other side you 've got the goths who do n't pay their phone bills leeching off the free wifi and at the phone boxes in the middle usually a couple of plain clothes coppers to add to the shite cocktail ensuing carnage .
if its your bro share the account and save money if you both are gon na be playing out the same console .
shit why not take that cash you guys save and get another account you can also share like netflix or hulu .
he was likely in a taxi hauler as in a disposable ship you use to travel between stations where your best ships are stored .
there is no reason to run shields if your just going from point a to point b .
you do n't carry anything or do any missions because it 's about getting there as fast as possible as cheaply as possible .
i meqn if i had a pet pig and named it i probably would n't eat it but some anonymous pig i do n't care about .
one of my life goals is to try 산낙지 sannakji which is korean squid freshly killed and immediately served .
saw a friend have it when he went to visit family in hong kong and had a layover in seoul .
smile dark tone can give the audience a bit creepy impression in my humble opinion .
also the way she hugs the bear feels a bit unnatural makes it look like she is crushing the bear .
you can still show the connection and highlight your matching bracelets .
doing swell chilling in my truck about to go for a run .
i appreciate that.but wo n't deny this article involves lots of wild guesswork .
can i take a poll on what program you guys are running ?
of course i do but there is such a thing as context .
i do n't do anything that would cause me to fail a drug test and still do n't like the idea .
prodigy looper infinite money from the lottery sports bets and stock market .
it happens to all of us at times but then you keep it to a pm with your so and it is all good .
on rare occassions my wife who is stunning goes through the exact same thing and our exchange be it irl or text is pretty much the same as the one you linked but like i said it is only for our consumption .
my wife is a stay at home mother and our division of labour is divided between typical blue and pink jobs .
i do n't do the cleaning and she does n't do the home maintenance .
if i suddenly started vacuuming my wife would not see it as a spontaneous act of helping her out i would be sending her a message that 's she 's incompetent i might as well call her lazy and set up the bed in the guest room while i 'm at it .
i can emotionally abuse my wife by doing her tasks around the house .
something i learned early on if she complains about being swamped with housework my response must be vocal praise and not helping hands or she 'll run around doing all of her jobs at once that was a shitty day .
especially with sex crime having such a huge amount of false claims so many innocent peoples lives have been ruined .
i get guatemalan huehuetenango beans from blue macaw coffee roasters they 're on ebay or bluemacawcaffee.com .
the beans even smell more like chocolate than coffee .
mixed with cream some of my friends thought it was cocoa .
making an arrow requires multiple skilled tradesman to produce 1 arrow and your quantities are limited to the number of them you have on hand
you 're painting a strange picture of multiple people laboring together to produce a single arrow at a time .
in fact a single archer even working alone at fletchery could resupply himself with ammunition .
frequently they did n't even have to bother and you know why ?
because the battlefield would be littered with re-useable arrows everywhere .
but if they needed to they could make arrows while on campaign in the woods .
anyone can make shot and gunpowder yeah anyone who 's been taught how to do that .
the skill level is not that different from fletchery except with regard to making gunpowder which is much more difficult and labor and material intensive .
but point in fact you are n't going to have just anyone '' making replacement shot and gunpowder and in the woods you are n't going to have anyone making them period .
your quantities are limited to the number of them you have on hand
your quantities of musket ammunition aren't limited to the number of them you have on hand ?
i do n't think i 'll ever not laugh at that scream
edit video is great of course as always from jatt .
of course i do n't agree with that part of it
you can use our sto functionality to store answers as variables .
i think the drawing is probably the best it 's ever been i especially loved the fiery effect on the phoenix 's hair which i never even noticed the first time .
i 'm also a huge jean grey fan so i obviously loved seeing her get broken into the perfect mate .
i also found the mental rape going between emma frost and jean grey to be very interesting stylistically .
and of course more breastmilk straight from the source !
haha yeah i can imagine it would be a tad nightmarish to draw fully .
thanks for the reply and i hope to see more of your work in the future !
it 's not from that point '' from my understanding but yes .
get a kuro coiler http www.ebay.com/itm/tobeco-koiler-cw-30-3mm-kanthal-wire-coil-jig-purple-/321981870571 ? hash=item4af79d71eb g owsaaosweuxws161 that is 3mm and then get a ceramic rod http www.ebay.com/itm/vapesupplys-porous-ceramic-wick-fc-2000-1-8-x1-5-rods-5-pack-/251676523225 ? hash=item3a9916fad9 g s1oaaoswr81uowxn for a genesis style atomizer .
you then take wire cutters and break off a piece of that rod and shove that into the coil to act as a wick .
as for the deck you 'll want a large deck with a shallow well i 'd recommend a doge http www.ebay.com/itm/doge-rebuildable-dripping-atomizer-rda-rba-generic-atty-wide-tip-us-seller-/301388555028 ? var hash=item462c286314 m myyv7o2ew_ffes5zyacufog or something similar .
occasionally i find those monster 600-800k bases but thats once a day or two .
sorry india fans i probably jinxed you the second i sat down to watch they started losing
not too well versed in lotr lore but just destroying sauron 's physical form does n't kill him does it ?
also a shirt hides my beer belly way better than a t-shirt .
i think i wear the wrong shirts ... one reason why i dislike wearing a suit is that it actually emphasizes my shit figure .
pp were probably surprised at the amount of vitriol thrown at them and found it easier just to block everyone but others felt censored .
i think both sides deserve at lest some of varying blame .
we 're sorry but the title of your post is incorrect in some way .
your title must appear exactly like this h item s you have w item s wanted
some common mistakes users tend to make with titles include
having only w '' but not also h '' or vice versa you must have both in your title
please check to ensure that you did n't make one or more of these mistakes .
if you are selling more than 5 items you can instead use the store tag .
note that all relevant trade info still needs to be within the post without requiring the user to view an external site .
simply linking to a pricing spreadsheet site or a different trade site to sell your items is not sufficient by itself to meet the pricing rule .
you may also use the following tags for non-trade posts
pc asking for a price check on an item .
psa public service announcements of some value to the community .
raffle if you intend on doing a free raffle raffles with any sort of buy-in are prohibited however .
free giveaway if you are giving something away for free you can use either one of these tags .
discussion if you are asking the community to contribute and discuss something relevant to everybody .
please also take this time to examine our rules http www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensivetrade/wiki/rules for future reference .
if you intend to contact us about this action or any other ones please ensure that you have read this comment in its entirety making sure to read through any relevant links and make sure you grasp a full understanding of what it means before contacting us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensivetrade if you have any questions or concerns .
thanks ... . haha funny thing is for when i play mid lane yas will be my ban everytime ! !
as a superior metric user my preference has usually been for km/h .
every one who dropped a catch has to do five laps after the game
dude i have no problem dating a guy without a job living at home that has social anxiety does n't drive hell he can even be not that attractive by conventional standards ... but crap not if he has a huge attitude issue and treats me like shit which often people who have attitude issues do .
so it is n't any of the stuff you listed impairing finding a gf ... you guys wan na pin it on all this other crap like looks or career or confidence there are plenty of girls like me out there we just do n't want to date men that treat us badly ... or you guys do n't really want to date us cause we do n't look like the 10s from all the porn you 've watched .
now you 've successfully broadcasted your totally not a business pub who existence has long flummoxed pub goes and shoppers alike it the gloucester road equivalent of the john wesley chapel in broardmead .
hey carcareau unfortunately your submission has been removed because it was a link to a video hosting site probably youtube itself .
if you 're trying to share a video you should stop by r/videos instead .
r/youtube is for discussing youtube as a whole its features bugs design trends and so on .
if you think your video fits that please send us a message https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fyoutube subject=please+approve+my+video. message 5blink+to+my+post 5d 28https www.reddit.com/r/youtube/comments/41tv8l/car_care_car_detailing 29 so that we can take a look !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youtube if you have any questions or concerns .
we have done this many times with no issues .
i doubt he cares and why should he footballers get paid a bomb i 'd probably get lazy knowing these idiot owners are throwing me thousands a week .
not to be too harsh here but the 'farting ' noise you used reminded me of that one south park-episode 'you 're getting old ' .
remove the horrible farting noise and add something else to the otherwise peaceful backing track .
what makes him any different from a stranger in a shop ?
it is like some kind of bizarrely popular street theatre at this point
ca n't u go to the stat 's screen and press alt+f2 to sync them again ?
yeah but usually new posts tend to appear in those pages no ?
i tried scrolling down but they 're not there at all o_o
i occasionally do voices mostly when i make of a character .
jokes puns and off-topic comments are not permitted in any comment parent or child .
parent comments that are n't from the target group will be removed along with their child replies .
posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour and posts that are not appropriate for the serious tag will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
drive me nuts at first but now i think it 's cute .
if you go look at them look check the oil and coolant for signs of blown head gaskets .
there are 4 people in my household each person has a profile then there is an extra profile that no one uses .
eh dan rooney almost always voted against teams moving .
the steelers also voted against the la rams moving to st. louis and the oilers moving to tennessee .
art rooney ii was on this newest relocation committee but word has n't leaked yet on which way the steelers voted/lobbied now that more and more control of the team is going over to him .
could n't find a list any idea what the record is ?
the very nature of law enforcement makes it impossible for them to beam in star trek style to save you just in the nick of time and expecting otherwise is unrealistic .
once again we all know that that is an extreme example
just because a few muslims did terrible things does n't mean we should literally stop all immigration .
not to mention that plenty of people born in the us do things just as badly .
you 're going to learn so much about yourself and feel so much better eventually .
it 's good that you 're just taking it all in but do n't shy away from distracting yourself with positive activities like exercise it 'll make you feel better faster and help you deal with the impulses when the novelty of quitting wears off .
i just need to head to the bathroom for some .
i have also heard that constructive fidgeter 3 might be a new capcom fighting game .
it is it 's a show called way to go '' that ran for 6 episodes on the bbc
that 's definitely fair enough but a slight drop in form should n't push them into even contemplating retirement .
i personally love it when an older player volunteers themselves to drop down to the reserves earn their spot back .
you 've got your shield up so they want to go for grabs .
if you jump before they reach you you should end up too high to be grabbed .
you can then punish a whiffed grab with pretty much anything that 's decently quick .
have you heard of this little thing called the dodd-frank act ?
too bad it 's completely overshadowed by impulsiveness leading to thoughtless snacking/over-eating for me at least .
had it make it slightly more country to eliminate of '' and the '' .
that sentence where you list a lot of numbers and say bot '' a few times is very confusing .
while that 's correct most of the times there can still be close and long games between good teams if both gain advantages on different parts of the map and neither manages to snowball harder than the other
just shut up little boy and go cry to your mommy about how i whooped your ass
friend of mine says they 're going for a guardians of the galaxy feel with this trailer .
i say it 's only because they chose a catchy classic 70 's song .
replace it with o fortuna and you get a completely different feel
the problem with the brawler 's ability to overcome dr is that it may not scale as fast as the campaign enemy dr. my friends and i were doing rise of the runelords and found that our brawler was always one stage behind but apparently our dm also was tweaking fights to be more challenging ... so maybe i am wrong lol
you have a unique look and i love it 7/10
i 've been to places where corpsmen are treated like pas and places where we 're walking vital signs machines .
the employers do n't care a ton about your experience with any individual frame work only that you can learn have experience with programming that stuff is just recruiter/hr fodder .
just do one project with angular/ember/etc ad put it on your resume as have some experience in .
and just be up front when they ask about it in the interview .
it kills me how will and jada smith have more than 99 of people in the whole world .
any luxury that happens to pop in their head is theirs at a moments notice .
but are still so entitled that they can whine and complain because no excellent movies featuring a black leading actor were made in time for this years oscars so no black actor is nominated .
so is this about a woman who has kids from multiple guys or what ?
so as an average looking guy on here is it safe to assume that anyone that messages me or responds to one of my messages is either a bot a troll or a sociopath ?
i hope it keeps getting brought up throughout the season .
took me a while to figure out why you linked his twitter was searching for posts about emerson etem ... finally realized it says it under his profile pic lol derp .
not a big kala fan i feel like she 's pretty useless .
i get she 's into pharmacology and knows the science that helped build the bomb and wake up luna but stilllll haha .
i tried this once before and it never arrived .
there were a lot of innocent would-be goal scorers tonight .
because it takes years to perfect the technology and create a process flow .
you have to start somewhere and sell what you 've got until you make it to your end goal .
even so i actually find lower ones pleasing to my eyes .
trying to repair the damage done by super amoleds .
thanks man i 'll definitely start deadlifting every workout .
dropbox is cancer does n't let you upload a single 1mb ?
lol before i just said fuck dropbox i had to make an account with some bs name
ah yes skyrim is known for it 's in depth conversations of
there 's nothing you can do when that happens other than hammer it all down move them somewhere else and sandbag the puddle .
it 's completely random where the puddles will form during each monsoon .
the thing about the puddles is that they all form at once during the first few bursts of rain and continue to spread during the following rain days .
so if you sandbag all the puddles around your island before they spread you 're good for the rest of the season because they do n't spawn anymore .
your only concern after this is the water that spreads from the shore which sandbags do properly barricade unlike puddles .
since there were a few powergaming is the devil '' posts i 'm going to counter from the other side .
i make optimized characters and i enjoy it immensely .
i enjoy testing new builds i enjoy playing weird combinations that just happen to work well together and i love roleplaying .
i am a huge roleplayer its why i play dnd and powergaming does n't prevent me from rping .
have your character be the best at what you want it to be .
sometimes they are n't even the best '' character just super optimized to do something unique i have a friend who has a dwarf who dual wields shields .
his ac is out of this world and after my character cast permanency enlarge he basically stands in the front taking all the damage while we blast the enemies from behind him .
some of the builds are ridiculous some of the builds are super effective other builds are super effective when they are effective but shitty when they are n't i made a lvl 19 ranger for a campaign of hunting down demogorgon a major demon .
everything on that character is specific for demon hunting .
i think he has a 60 to hit ce demons and 30 against anything else and others are just silly and weird .
power-gamers do n't necessarily ignore backstory nor roleplaying but its secondary to character creation .
just because i 'm roleplaying a sneaky rogue does n't mean i have to choose the relatively useless feat of deceitful . ''
3.5e or pathfinder rules i 'll just put the skill points into disguise and forgery and choose something useful to have like weapon finesse . ''
a powergamer does n't want to break the game .
that 's the fun of it following the rules .
some of the people here have written complaints about munchkins . ''
munchkin is where they are trying to break the rules using house rules or 3rd party rules such as creating half x half y races where they chose the best of both worlds .
they often choose ridiculously powerful gear have goals like become a lycanthropic lich '' or other stupid shit .
powergamers do n't necessarily want nor need to be the center of attention .
it 's a stereotype and while sometimes true not always .
just like there are paladins who are obnoxious and refuse to let any non lg players do anything or cn players who chose that alignment just so they can roleplay whatever i feel like that day '' there are bad powergamers ... but there are many more good ones then bad ones .
the only time a powergamer will really highlight the game is when they are the only optimized character and everyone else built shitty characters .
great you created a bard with 10 charisma and 18 constitution .
so your bard abilities are n't really helpful and you still do n't that much hp . ''
again just because you are a roleplayer '' does n't mean you have to make a shitty character .
these were n't your run-of-the-mill skin heads they were in fact full on douche bags .
also does n't know skin heads are like douche bags but way worse .
i usually hate the phrase is everything '' but really your flair is everything .
hey avarem i 'm really late to the party but i would like it if you could find some time to respond to this question of mine .
on the topic of club world expansion do you foresee a possibility of there being a way to sell items via benches ?
it would be nice to see players creating their own shops within a club even if it was limited to something like a display case that advertises an item for sell by a player .
i have posted a topic on the trove forums awhile back trying to start a discussion about this .
if you do n't mind i would like to share it with you .
non-market economic systems have a pretty horrific record of adequately feeding their populations and overfishing occurred in certain areas in ancient pre-capitalist societies .
collectivizing the ocean '' or whatever would not solve the overfishing problem too many people need to eat .
this is the same reason all the top competitive eaters are skinny .
the one thing that turned me off of tesla was n't the car it was the fan base .
this is such a bullshit response that 's way too common in this sub .
this sub will convince you that nothing matters '' do n't major in minors ! ''
if you do n't have an answer to the question it 's best not respond .
how does op know you even know if you know what you 're talking about ?
my mb and i chat daily when it 's not db home first but we also touch base about stuff through email so after a week of her being 5-20 minutes late in one of the emails i just let her know that i had an appointment on x date 40 minutes after i finish work and would i be able to get out of there by my end time .
i reminded her of it the start of that week and it was brought up the day off and she ended up driving me to the metro to make sure i got there on time .
but yeah definitely had to bring it up or else i probably would not have made it .
if you have the dates of future appointments/meetings i would maybe send them off in an email ?
if she 's organized enough maybe she can jot that down in her agenda and know she needs to make it home on time .
also people are mentioning your pay.. how are you paid ?
the first week i started she tallied how do you spell that ?
up my hours and if i was there until 5:05 she wrote that so that 's how we do it now .
it helps knowing that i 'll at least see that money even if i 'd rather be at home .
could you do something like that so it 's at least a bit more fair to you when she 's late ?
none of the subnets overlap does proxy-arp still apply ?
when he gets more confidence he is going g to be a beast .
i had a girl feel and see them she also smilled and said enjoy your day .
you can develop a high tolerance to alcohol and then basically reset yourself .
what i mean is that you drink so much that when you take your first sip or finish your first drink you brain associates that with the feeling of being really drunk .
you know i was in the same boat regarding joker for the longest time .
excluding the tattoos he seems like a manic version that has n't been on film yet .
i 'm ready to see leto 's take on him
you 've got the ratings wrong in the title btw .
the 83 is first if 84 is sif 85 is tif .
the reason why the price of the first if is greater than the sif is because the the first if was a totw1 player so it 's a lot rarer card low supply leads to slightly higher price even if there are better options available in terms of ratings .
the instrumental version is called the royal salute السلام الملكي as-salām al-malakiyy which is also the name of the ceremony in which it is played to salute senior members of the royal family as well as diplomatic figures .
3 top 5 losses in the last two days and smu is in a fight right now .
if it selected all sorts of random opponents '' i should have at least encountered diamonds once or twice .
most of my matchups were with silver or gold a couple platinum .
only after the 10 games does your ranking change based solely on wins/losses .
i 'm sorry you were hurt as a child .
edit lmao dude realized he had no idea what he was talking about so he deleted his comments
it 's in the menu screen when you hit esc key .
it is in the stats tab between back to game and options above exit .
it brings up a survival summary click detailed view and it will list a ridiculous number of statistics .
will it be possible to make say ardent-aligned vennen or underworld-aligned elves ?
or does the choice of your champion 's race determine their allegiance ?
this will be my first time at bonnaroo but my fifth time seeing the dead .
can you guys nut to just this or do you just start/finish jerking it with this 1 second long clip .
if you disagree with this action you can message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fblackpeopletwitter subject message .
please include a link to your post so that we can see it .
of course i was tempted to continue but a lot of the other quests early on certainly make the game much easier should you choose to complete them and there are some other diversions from the coc which also do so .
ergo when i found that quest line i followed it expecting that it would soon return me to the coc with some boon that might help with the end game .
this submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ? ''
reddit does not allow post titles to be edited so if you would like you can post the question again .
please write your title in proper question format and include a question mark thank you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
ffxiv is p2p and we still have rmts there but not much since the first expansion came out .
so i 'm pretty sure this game will also have lots of rmt .
i do n't see how looking to the right hand side and reading the few things that shows how this community runs is too much to ask .
it 's not even 500 words less than half a page .
i also have to disagree most answers to people 's questions are on the sidebar .
they are tools that let you make informed decisions .
more often than not these questions are people reconfirming what the sidebar has already told them not legitimate questions '' .
one does not gain rights for people by agreeing with their oppressors that only some of those folks deserve equal rights .
this has never been about incremental advancement it has more to do with hrc leadership thinking less white less cis folks are icky too .
it has to do with seeking the approval of the oppressors .
before i start this post there could be spoilers so read with caution and i 'm not a doctor so half of the stuff i say could be wrong or right all right now the disclaimer part is over let 's actually get to the good part of this post started oh and before i continue this is purely my opinion if you see any posts about the mental state of the club check it out !
yuki takeya oh great i 'm starting off with the most mentally messed up one of the club yuki most likely has split-personalities since i think rii or kurumi mentioned it at one point in the manga she also possibly could have schizophrenia schizophrenia is characterized by abnormal social behavior in severe cases patients may see or hear things that are n't real sounds familiar doe n't it ?
there are other symptoms of schizophrenia but these are the main symptoms in recent chapters yuki 's mental state seems to be getting better .
kurumi ebisuzawa kurumi most likely has ptsd since she has nightmares about killing her senpai or she could just have night terrors i ca n't really say a lot about her mental state since they do n't really explore it a whole lot in the anime or manga but in recent chapters she seems a bit more seldom so she could be developing depression i could be wrong about that .
miki naoki miki or mii-kun most likely has depression it does say she has depression on the gakkou gurashi wiki she also could have devopled mild ptsd after kei left in recent chapters her mental state seems to be getting better like kurumi we do n't know much about what 's going on in her mind .
yuuri wakasa oh boy were do i start on this one yuuri started to go off the deep end kind off recently but after kurumi nearly turned into a zombie yurri probably started to develop severe anxiety and depression she also probably develop ptsd as well but since she went bat shit crazy recently who know 's what 's wrong with her at this point .
now it seems like she could end up like yuki since there are so many theories going on that her sister could be an illusion .
again like i said at the beginning of this post this is purely my opinion and if you see any other theory 's about the club 's mental state check out !
like being able to chose where i 'm from suburb or city maybe even be international .
college was fun and i would love to continue it .
but i also want more colleges or at least bigger ones .
chose family color i 'm not black ... and i know some games force blacks to be white and it 's a gaming problem .
a free mode career no storyline and no caps .
this where if you had a bad day and you want to be overall 99 immediately .
just overall 99 immediately and just play game without stress
like they even say some shit like sirius is carrying a gun a metal wand muggles use to kill eachother '' .
edit it seems the general consensus is that it is extremely difficult ng and on
i only went through it on ng and it was a lot easier than i expected.. ca n't wait for ng !
i 've seen many people say that it was one of the weakest powers .
also i switched to a quantum controller any good builds ?
just trying to find a solid build that is reputable .
instead of articles i have a system of absolutive markers and verbal affixes .
a '' is the absolutive marker for feminine nouns .
the verb to be is not used in the present indicative except for periphrasis .
from mi verbal affix for first person singular la contracted to l accusative affix for feminine third person singular ama non conjugated or 3rd person singular of the verb amali '' .
nouns lose their absolutive markers when they get affixes attached .
so if i do n't drop tonic personal pronouns the sentence i love the girl '' is milama ecô nina .
literally they-them feminine-be read feminine plural participle my-poems europe-by .
the word for poem comes from poli flower and tlahtôla word .
i 'm already hearing the dodgers might trade ethier this year ... . again .
i think it would be down right stupid to trade him .
he 's as solid and reliable as it gets .
he 's been the only consistent after years if uncertainty .
if we have to get rid of one of my vote is crawford or svs only so he can start everyday .
the outfield to win imo is ethier puig and pederson .
i then proceed to win 7 out of 10 placement games and get placed in silver 4 ?
i have been able to handle the cravings however i am feeling constantly tired .
the last three nights i have come home from work and ended up falling asleep for three hours .
jump over saws and spinies in a fast paced traditional level .
how much did it cost you for the hardware and ongoing software subscription ?
his winrate is pretty solid and hes decently fun to play.. http champion.gg/champion/shen check this link for winrate ect .
would they still get the stangler 's effect if the cards never reach the graveyard ?
a recent chapter mentioned meng hao could look the way he does now for the rest of his lifetime .
does anyone know what age he is or how he is supposed to look ?
i thought it was mid-late 20s but i might be super wrong .
i tell them no feminism is 100 fraud lies disinformation the wage gap 1 in 4 male privilege the patriarchy and hate propaganda used to obtain billions in funding from the government and banking institutions to push for ever more legislation that strips men of even more of their basic human rights everyday and give women god like legal power over men and children which they already have but want more and more vawa consent laws kangaroo courts in colleges punitive and insane child support laws denying custody to fathers and on and on .
and feminists themselves are just about the most incredibly stupid ignorant and insane and most horrendous excuses for human beings imaginable .
and of course eventually feminists want to make rape laws to where any and all accusers are automatically believed and men automatically sentenced to prison no trial no attorney no defense no questions asked .
that 's what they want and at this rate i have no doubt they 'll eventually get it if men do n't start pulling their heads out of their asses and start caring about their own rights and their own fucking lives .
meanwhile the mra is about actually fighting for basic human rights that men do not have no reproductive rights no rights to their children no rights to due process in kangaroo false accusation of rape courts in colleges passed over in hiring by less qualified women because of affirmative action no programs at all for men no rights to speak freely or to even voice any complaints without being scarlet lettered fired and even thrown in jail horrendous alimony laws paternity fraud boys deliberately graded down by spiteful male hating female teachers and on and on and on and on and on and on .
feminists have to find petty insignificant 'gripes ' to complain about just to try to make themselves even relevant at all feminism is a joke .
also the mra is filled with some of the best people there are men .
the people inventing building maintaining and repairing the entire freaking world .
the mra gets no funding from the government or from anyone else except personal contributions and while feminism is 100 complete fraud and based on lies the mra is about exposing that very fraud and misinformation that feminism spews .
and is on a constant quest to expose the truth .
feminism is pure evil and hate while the mra is about fighting for basic human rights women have stripped from us with hate-filled laws and legislation and about exposing the truth .
first of all i would like to start by saying that the full release is awesome have n't yet finished it but ca n't wait to die trying .
i 'm playing on a mac and in window mode and it seems that the game window will only stay in front of all others open .
i dont play anymore but i went on a nostalgia trip today how do i find the actual age of my account ?
i found i can ask hans and do some math but my account is older than 10 years and therefore do n't get the countdown or whatever .
taking my dad and mom is tagging along with us to cooperstown and a yankee game nyc .
we 're gon na be flying in all the way from texas .
the trick is finding the cheapest and most efficient way to get to/from cooperstown and nyc and i was wondering if anybody here could help me with that !
i was reading a series that i kept open a few days .
came back to see it crashed and did n't load back up so i need help finding it .
the rough details i remember was that it was a manga about knights and evil monsters .
the protagonist was very poor and lived with his mother .
he was training and i forget some details but he eventually trains with one of the great knights that ends up being his father spoiler .
he ends up releasing the latent abilities of the hero which turns his eyes golden .
innate qi which is the highest in generations and he can be one of the strongest knights ever .
the trainer gives him this special urn that has the ability to make monsters target him .
those are all the details i can remember but it seemed like it could have been a light novel .
the reason korean guys are popular to jap girls is because japs are flamboyant .
it 's the grass is always greener on the other side '' .
also korean has the image as the original japanese '' their root .
as for me i do n't want jap girls especially when wronged personally .
even if i do n't want jap girls just because she is a jap just because i hate japan that is a legitimate reason .
also aside from how that decision is rightfully up to my choice only anyway it is not even racism .
ethnic hatred is not racism when validly reasoned it is a rightful racism even if wrongly using that word .
as for the original japanese '' image it 's an existing image being perceived .
there are some differences in personalities between korean japanese .
for example south korean personality tends to be more direct powerful similar to italian .
japanese personality tends to divide the personality to show '' the real personality '' .
deception presentation is a part of their social culture .
korean lacks such smart fawning '' which makes it more attractive to japanese girls if fed up with such fake connections '' .
as for faces some south koreans look caucasoid because of the uralic blood like khalkhas caucasian blood indian blood arab blood .
hence koreans look better than japanese or chinese in racial traits .
also japanese has pygmy blood mixed in them so that grimy crammed face is exotic repulsive to korean although such grimy exotic look seems to be acceptable to japanese .
it 's a part of the korean gene pool .
also it is the standard for beauty whether admitted or not .
some foods like bulkogi real one flat no juice kalbi work on most people .
some foods like kimchi japanese fermented beans are acquired tastes that are repulsive exotic to most people .
grimy exotic look is like that if talking only about the face while there are all those other factors anyway .
japanese has acquired the taste for such exotic flavor grimy exotic face but it can be very abrasive to koreans .
let 's give an example of what i mean by grimy exotic look .
i do n't know anything about them including how famous they are .
suzuki airi is the type of face that works on korean .
yoshida lena is the type of face that does n't really work .
i do n't want to bother googling japanese celebrities forever .
some people are more obvious some people are less obvious .
i am just giving an idea what i mean by grimy exotic look '' .
i 've been trying to remember where the kobe https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=7tt19yycew8 sound effect came from as i remember hearing it years ago anyone have any idea ?
we win against teams better than us in the standings .
if we can get into the playoffs in the last seed we will be facing teams better than us throughout the playoffs thus pushing us into the stanley cup finals .
we could face the worst seed in the west at which point things are up in the air .
you kicked my ass for about a half hour in soldiers rest and i 'll have you know i only left because there were something i needed to go pick up .
i just pulled a second lushen/malaka from my toa scrolls so i 'd like to start doing more pvp .
atm i 'm capping out around 1600 points so i was lookin for some advice on what you guys would use for offense and defense .
i was starting to have feelings for a guy and we had been on a date or two then i was in his room and we were kissing .
long story short a piece of my pad came out the back of my pants while we were kissing bc we were moving so much and although i quickly grabbed it he still saw it and i did n't know what to say so we gave a few little kisses and i was out of there .
do i have a chance at recovering or should i change my name
i do n't swear at my child but i swear about what she does .
one thing that pisses me off is when she comes back home with leftovers and throws it away .
i tell her if she 's going to throw food away do it at school because when i see her throwing it away at home i just feel like she 's throwing away money .
so she comes home and she threw away a good portion of a subway sub from last night that was packed in her lunch sidenote i separated the toppings and there was no sauce so it was n't soggy ! !
you 're fucking wasting food ... if you 're not going to eat your fucking food chuck it at your fucking school do n't fucking bring it back here you know i hate seeing that fucking shit it 's so fucking wasteful ... .etc etc .
she ran to her room slammed the door threw some things around ... bleh .
basically she gets quite upset when i start swearing .
i think she sees how unclassy it looks and it reminds her of rage mom so i mean i think that 's good !
but am i traumatizing her by swearing when i 'm mad ?
i 'm curious to hear from people who have grown up around people who swear when they are mad but were otherwise not abusive i do n't call her names i do n't hit her..i 'm actually quite affectionate and we have a good relationship but my temper/temper swearing scares her a little i think..and i break stuff too when i 'm mad sometimes..but that has n't happened in awhile
hey all a good friend of mine is organizing a local game day and is looking for volunteer gm 's .
also looking to get the word out for players who might be interested .
see the link here for information about the game day date/time/location as well as to complete the gm application .
i now have a total level of 2595 split among all my skills .
i have quite a few pokemon built up from breeding and i would love to trade most of them .
please feel free to ask any questions you may have .
all of these pokemon are legit and breed by me .
genders do vary so if it matters please ask me about it .
eevee anticiption modest dream ball perfects are male only females are 4-5iv mixed
as i said most of them have 3-4 egg moves so do n't hesitate to ask about them .
in exchange i am wanting to get 5iv competitive pokemon in matching/cool balls .
if you do n't have any of those but still want to offer something please go right ahead .
when you play a card theres a chance that alternate card art will show .
this is purely visual and will be like an easter egg of sorts .
i think that would be really cool and freshen up the game .
so i started off with a helix syn as my first aneros and hated it with passion .
no matter what i did all it resulted in was a sharp pain .
i figured since i enjoy plug and dildos i would have a better time with it due to its size .
and i was right as soon as i put it in it was as comfortable as could be .
i just dont think my anatomy is compatible with aneros toys .
while the progasm is comfortable to the point where it will feel like its not even there at all lies the issues .
it feels kinda nice when initially sliding it in but after its in i have zero sensations at all .
to the point where if im sitting there not touching myself i will eventually go soft and thats it and nothing will happen and eventually the lube starts drying and removal becomes uncomfortable .
i have to pull the toy out by 1/3rd or so and push firmly forward with the tip of it .
i found a spot that i can only assume is my prostate .
grinding against that spot gives the slight sensation of needing to urinate in the tip of my member .
continuously working this spot just ends up with drops of semen leaking out but no real sensation other than the urination feeling .
i would have kept going longer but i again run into the lube drying and not long after that really cramped hands/wrists .
letting it go and naturally settle into place leaves me again with the no sensations at all .
i think it just pulls into me too deep .
im always reading these storys and seeing these videos of hands free orgasms and how the prostate is just the best feeling thing in the world and touching it causes uncontrollable waves of pleasure and what not .
yet i cant even come close to any of it outside of imagination .
a part of me thinks its just some huge bs scam .
still cant even find anything even with my finger .
i keep being told that i should be able to feel some sort of spongy walnut shaped spot inside me but it all just feels like smooth wall .
anyways point being i just dont think aneros is something that can work for me .
i just dont think my anatomy is built for it no matter how much i wish or try .
domestic shipping should be 3 flat with tracking bubble mailer but i will let you know if your package goes over into next price bracket .
tony moly intense care dual effect sleeping pack about 45 left 4
mentrum sunbears super strong pa 2015 ver about 50 left 3 note that this product will settle so just give it a shake
shiseido sheer mattifying compact b00 very light beige refill pack new sealed in plastic 17
miracle skin transformer vanish instant imperfection corrector used 2x .
china glaze holographic sci fly by blue nail polish google images swatches https www.google.com/search ? q=china+glaze+holographic+sci+fly+by espv=2 biw=1920 bih=945 source=lnms tbm=isch sa=x ved=0ahukewij55ta37nkahwdpb4khaqddi4q_auibigb
clinique makeup palettes http imgur.com/a/hthtr 11 all are 1 each and have been swatched
nk pastel blue 1st one from the left in pic
nk heart blue 2nd one from the left in pic
for combined shipping this https www.reddit.com/r/wardrobepurge/comments/40zrgo/sellus_xs_clothing_skirt_top_dress_handmade is my wardroberpurge post for hair accessories clothes shoes and jewelry .
and i have been saving for a new car right now i have around 8k saved up .
my beater just died 17 y/o car with 3.5k need in repairs .
so i was thinking about get the car soonish .
my question now is if i can afford a 23k car ?
i was looking at 15k loans at either 1.5 with 36 months or 1.9 on a 60 month .
i was thinking about taking the longer loan and paying double payments just so i have the flexibility if i need to pay less some months .
assume that each character 's sword has the same effect on the other character as a regular sword would have on a regular human .
err ... by sword fight i guess i meant a straight-up fight with both characters happening to receive their swords .
i have had a history for at least the past 8 years when i first started to notice that spirits choose to outright speak to me in dreams as if i am carrying on a real conversation .
but when it comes to me being awake i only get images or thoughts that are not my own so to speak .
mental illness runs in my family so how do i trust that these are spirits talking to me and not insanity creeping in ?
is there a reason why one very powerful and bright spirit chooses to talk to me the most ?
it is almost always her that i talk to and i can always tell that it is her .
i have so many questions regarding this solely because the other day she chose to show me some things and they dumbfounded me as it was an entirely new experience for me .
it was a wave of feelings that came over me that was not my own and it was not in a dream world .
so since then i have been thinking about it and wondering these questions .
using a throwaway so the people i share this with ca n't stalk the rest of my posts
i find myself constantly surrounded by such ignorance and lack of respect that i often stop and try to figure out how it can be so common in people adults usually some generations ahead of me .
i usually keep it to myself but it truly bothers me .
i 'm not so offended by any one thing a person says that i 'll lose sleep over it .
it 's just that i ca n't wrap my head around the blatant stupidity and callous nature of many people who are thought to have figured the world out .
you can ask just about anyone and they 'll tell you that i 'm insensitive or have very little emotional range .
i 'm an analytical introverted atheist who does n't say bless you '' when people sneeze it 's not to make a statement there 's a story behind it and ca n't handle even moderate displays of emotion .
so why is it that i 'm shocked and upset every day by the things i hear coming out of the mouths of adults ?
i hear fully-grown adults calling people abba-dabbas '' when they could just as easily say middle-eastern '' .
i hear people say muslim '' when they mean a person whose skin is dark and has an olive undertone '' .
i 'll never forget the time i saw someone share a picture on facebook about hilary clinton that said she could n't satisfy her husband she ca n't satisfy america '' .
every single day someone complains about obama to me be it someone i 've known for years or someone who for whatever reason thinks it 's okay to talk politics to strangers it is n't .
i can never finish a sentence unless i 'm talking to my boyfriend because for some reason everyone else thinks it 's cool to interrupt .
i watch and personally experience people criticizing others for things they ca n't help cutting them down for things that are meaningful to them shoving opinions down their throats when opinions clearly are not wanted shaming and humiliating people publicly the list goes on and on .
people i like and respect will have full-blown bitching sessions about my generation right in front of me and the topic will be that we have no respect !
ironically the reason i do n't call those people out in the moment and put them on the spot in front of others is because i try to be respectful and understanding .
those same people will make up/assume and spread horrible impudent ideas about individuals or groups rather than simply asking a question or doing some research remember you have the world 's largest encyclopedia at your fingertips and then they 'll turn around and say that my generation is lazy .
that 's not to say that ignorance prejudice and a sickening lack of common courtesy do n't exist in my generation they do in every generation and every race religion socioeconomic class and political party .
it 's just that having isolated myself from most of my friends my selection of peers is made mostly of those older than myself at work family functions and miscellaneous errands i 'm more likely to run into a baby boomer than a college student .
i guess i just had this image in my head of those older than me as also being wiser not as ugly inside .
i suppose i should n't have assumed or generalized but it 's not really a concept that can be proven or disproven .
tl dr girl enters adult world discovers that old people are just as likely to be mean and stupid as everyone else has quarter-life crisis over it .
like the title says kind of want to sell him for the coins pretty much have sold my whole team besides him and a few others that are on my farm account .
is there a better option than this jordy for a cheaper price ?
so i am creating a horde map based in a mall and i thought a great idea would be to get someone make some models of all the guns in outline as models for wallbuys like in cod zombies it would n't have to be fancy just thin line models in glowing white that display weapons i am just awful with blender and unity so i thought that if someone in the community would do this would be a hero to me as it would be a great mod for anyone making horde maps
this was the first giveaway i 've ever won !
the shangri-la trailer was so well put together with the in the jungle '' it gave incredible excitement for the map and is why i do n't really hate the map .
if you are having issues with a technique or are stuck in a rut please use the search bar before posting about it .
chances are it 's been asked and answered a dozen times before .
you will also find tons of useful instructional material to use as well .
the same questions always seem to be posted here on a weekly/monthly basis .
in the interest of eliminating redundant content we really should encourage subscribers to use the search bar .
my wife and i are watching all the oscar nominations we can for fun .
we want to see the shorts animated short film and documentary in an actual theater .
there was a small theater in our home town that would play the shorts every year .
being new in town i do n't know of any places that would do that around here .
the psychiatrist was asking me if i wanted to try anything different and i did n't have an answer .
i could n't say what was working and what was n't because while i may be distracted at times the self-loathing has never gone away .
i ca n't talk about it at all anymore or even really parse it .
it 's all bottled up and tangled up and even if i had someone 's ear i would have no idea where to start .
sometimes i grab hold of a fleeting sadness a thing that hurts more in this moment but it will always sound petty and shameful and melodramatic .
but the truth is that everything hurts and i ca n't even begin to describe how deep it goes .
i 'm quite new to wordpress and just have a few questions .
i recently read about the differences between wordpress.com and wordpress.org .
to my understanding wordpress.org is the site to use if you want customization but it costs a bit while wordpress.com is free if you have a .wordpress.com domain .
my question is could i use wordpress.org to create a website while still having a .wordpress.com domain name ?
or to even begin with wordpress.org do you need a custom domain and host ?
i saw a really amazing webpage today which had fun facts and data in an interactive format .
could n't really find anyone that offers this type of service so recommendations for a freelancer or company would be appreciated .
the headset is set as the defautl device in the sound settings .
when i go into a game the sound will not play .
i have the settings ingame set to headset and it is n't working .
basically let 's call the guy x x is a friend of my best friend he asked her to take his son and cross the border with the kid because x is banned from doing so weird thing he can cross the border he does have papers to do so without the kid him and his wife .
so to take the kid to the doctor kid is a us citizen they asked my friend to cross the international border with the kid while x and his wife cross right after her .
honestly this seems like a load of bs to me and even tried to warn my friend she could get into big trouble for crossing a kid that it 's not hers specially since she is mexican and the kid american .
x saying for some reason he ca n't cross with the kid .
i really do n't want her to get into trouble over this .
location el paso tx i guess since that 's where the kid 's doctor is .
i created a video and everything seemed relatively easy to do .
when i export the video and play it the audio from some of the clips within the video do not play during the video .
when i was making the video i adjusted the volume audio adjustments audio volume on the individual clips .
some i set to 0 and others i set to 150 .
they play when i play the video in imovie but not when i play the video after exporting it .
all i hear is the music that i added to the video .
i wanted to try to finish this asap so any help is appreciated .
he 's never been a high ranking player or anything but he suddenly got a pass on freedom dive four dimensions a few months ago which alerted me to the fact that he was probably cheating possibly just these two scores below as they 're the only ones i 've seen that seem completely unrealistic for his level of skill .
it seems most likely that he 's using a macro or relax hack to do the streams .
was wondering why the subreddit went private i have been on and off here so if i missed an announcement sorry but was wondering
something about how she likes men better than women or something
sadly i can not upload a video but i have found one showing the issue i 'm having
i do n't get stuck after i use a terminal ...
if i reload my latest hard save 8 hours of gameplay earlier they work just fine .
i 'd like to avoid reloading my old save if possible .
this is a long post but contains things i found in the tfa and connected with the other six films hope you enjoy this is my first reddit post as well hope i followed the rules alright !
after watching the film several times i was able to find a few things in the film i have n't seen caught and talked about before .
i made up a huge post for this for friends that also involved the identity of snoke but i am going to leave all of that out because i am sure it has been talked to death on here .
i am just going to copy what i have previously wrote for the rey theory skipping the snoke theory of it leaving my summary at the end slightly confusing to those who did n't read that i skipped the snoke stuff !
so firstly lets quickly take care of the reason rey is not luke 's daughter or han and leia 's second child twin to kylo or younger sister .
i think it is too obvious that they want you to come out of the movie thinking it is luke 's daughter .
when would luke have gotten cozy with a woman ?
he started training jedi after the sixth film and then kylo and the knights of ren came in and killed all his padawan 's and he felt guilty about that and went into hiding .
and to debunk the but the lightsaber is calling her people '' lightsabers do n't call to people the force does .
while i can be okay with her being han 's second kid which i thought she was for a little while i think the force awakens tells us she is n't for a couple reasons .
now unless she is kylo 's younger sister and she was kidnapped at birth and han did n't know about her at all i do n't think she is their daughter .
leia would have had to say something about han as her dad or uncle luke being a jedi before she got left on that planet at the age of 5-9 .
she thinks luke is a myth and only has heard rumors of han as a famous smuggler .
and secondly which i think is the more important disqualifier for han 's kid maz kanata said to rey i see your eyes and you already know the ones you are waiting for are never coming back ... but there is someone who can . ''
like maz said if the people she is waiting for are never returning her family han is already with her and leia is landing on the planet so i think that disqualifies them .
then she says ... '' but there is someone who can '' meaning luke could still come back with rey 's help also disqualifying luke as being her father .
so now for the reason why i believe rey is obi-wan kenobi 's granddaughter .
throughout most of the saga obi-wan is just as much of a main character as any of the skywalkers .
and unlike the skywalkers he does n't use his emotions for strength in the force he uses his pure-heartedness his loyalty to the light and his compassion to help others .
he tells anakin he loves him at the end of their fight in revenge of the sith after everything anakin did .
obi-wan sounds more like the supposed chosen one than anakin does but more on that in a minute .
rey throughout the film acts more like obi-wan does than any skywalker .
she helps without question she free bb-8 does n't sell him and pleads to finn to not leave at maz 's place but to stay with her and help these people and the resistance to whom she has just only met because she knows she has to and it is the right thing to do .
she is a loner on a desert planet living in solitude .
her sneaking around star killer base just like obi-wan did the death star in episode 4 .
at the end of the lightsaber flashback scene with her they chose both alec guinness old ben kenobi and ewan mcgregor young obi-wan to say the line 'rey these are your first steps ' to her when she came to .
they cut old audio of alec to have him say 'rey . '
they could have chosen any other jedi from the series ... anakin yoda qui-gon mace windu but they chose obi .
picture the end of the obi-wan and anakin fight from revenge of the sith which is truly the transition of anakin to vader .
after obi-wan defeats anakin he could have killed him but instead he picked up his lightsaber and walked away .
rey could have killed kylo but did n't in almost the exact same fashion as obi .
here is a the music we only hear right before anakin and obi-wan fight in episode iii https youtu.be/0grwshfyylc ? t=194 you only have to listen to 3:30 .
now check out this from the kylo/rey fight in the force awakens https youtu.be/acve5nygjxi ? t=65 the same set of notes .
the only times we hear them are before anakin and obi-wan fight and when kylo and rey fight .
to build on the above this would then make the split in the ground all the more significant .
perfect symbolism for another skywalker and kenobi going on two very different paths much like both of their grandfathers .
but this time it will be up to the kenobi instead of another skywalker to bring the fallen skywalker back to the light .
these two pieces of music are almost identical from a new hope and the force awakens .
the former being when luke looks out to the horizon and he knows there is nothing left for him on tatooine and that he is going to go train with obi-wan to be a jedi .
the latter is from when rey is handing luke 's old lightsaber to him and luke realizes that there is nothing left for him there that he needs to train this girl a kenobi to fight the dark side one last time .
rey giving the lightsaber to luke https youtu.be/3kawsl4wjqa ? t=95
it is the same music again which is significant .
it is luke fulfilling his destiny to be trained by a kenobi and finally train a kenobi .
it is even more chilling when you think about how that lightsaber has found it 's way to luke ... through the hands of two kenobi 's .
to finish with rey i want to show you what i think has an incredibly large significance in this film the music .
before this final part you need to know the theme of the force and how it varies between characters .
for a refresher here is the theme of the force .
that theme is played very often throughout all 7 movies but depending who is on the screen or to which character the song is playing to or what events are happening in the film at the time the tone of the theme changes from mildly to drastically .
first the skywalkers anakin and luke have this theme play for them several times throughout the saga and it is always that i could find multi-instrumental .
the tone and pace varies a bit depending on what is happening in the film but anakin 's and luke 's force themes are very similar throughout all the films in regards to both themselves and each other .
the links should hopefully take you right to the spot to listen to and you should only need to listen for a few-several seconds for each .
this is in episode 2 when he returns to tatooine to find his mother .
this is also episode 2 when padme falls off the ship while they are chasing dooku and anakin wants to go after her but then ultimately realizes he needs to face dooku .
this is during a new hope after ben has told luke about the force and his father and the film focuses on luke https youtu.be/sonidwqk1u4 ? t=229
this is also in a new hope when luke is about to destroy the death star https youtu.be/ahqrcyervqq ? t=404
obi-wan usually has a single instrument sound from what i can tell and what i was able to confirm as his on top of it being very calming and gentle just like obi-wan .
when he is telling luke about the force in a new hope the film is focused on him https youtu.be/sonidwqk1u4 ? t=2
during qui-gon 's funeral when he tells anakin he will train him https youtu.be/pefojcg6jzq ? t=137
when obi-wan hands off baby luke to his family on tatooine sacrificing the rest of his life to watch over luke very obi-esque https youtu.be/bfb8k-v-omi ? t=50
after the death of yoda while talking to luke https youtu.be/wvnpabt9sag ? t=533
and lastly the moments right before his own death in a new hope https youtu.be/pdpdd1ve170 play that one right at the beginning the track opens with it .
now ... compare obi-wan 's force music to the one we get for rey when she remembers the force during the fight with kylo their lightsabers locked and she closes her eyes to feel the force https youtu.be/acve5nygjxi ? t=106
so i think rey is obi-wan 's granddaughter it makes the most sense and would be the most satisfying scenario to complete the saga .
a kenobi trained a skywalker who was supposed to be the chosen one but was actually created by plagueis falls to the dark side and destroys the jedi .
his son saves him but by doing so kills him .
plagueis still looms leaving the force out of balance so luke trains jedi his nephew another blood skywalker falls to the darkside as skywalkers have a tendency to they use their emotions freely .
but one lost kenobi rey is guided to luke by the force the last jedi master and a skywalker who was also trained by obi-wan to be trained as a jedi and redeem his nephew her grandfather from anakin 's fall and the jedi .
rey who will ultimately end up being the real chosen one and her brought back to the light companion who happens to be named after her grandfather ben solo a skywalker !
then together rid the galaxy of the darkside by destroying plagueis and the sith forever .
do you guys think he 'll keep going up or should i cut my losses ?
in short i 've had problems in the past on omegle trying to find girls and get them to be sexual with me .
unfortunately due to feeling extremely lonely i fell into my mind 's justification that it was just meeting new people .
but then i found a girl and i 'm really glad she did n't do anything for me .
but i still feel bad for coming so close .
do any of you have similar problems and how 'd you get over them ?
make sure you have a team that can constantly beat it you 'll need those credits to upgrade your characters .
thanks for such a great giveaway my first one that i have ever won .
sorry it 's been a little while but i decided to update after the past week of what has been going on with me and sarah .
first though i wanted to add the edit that i included on my op here since people were asking the following questions a lot and i 'm not sure if everybody saw it
we do n't live together because prior to this new job i did n't make as much and my apartment is very small and not meant for two people and she is doing her masters and only works part-time for low pay and does n't want to pitch in for rent so we can move to a bigger place .
even with my new job i ca n't afford a bigger place all on my own yet while also paying for student loans utilities my car which is a necessity where i live etc .
also i know 2-3x a week seeing each other is not a ton but we spend all my days off together .
we did n't see each other more than this prior either because my old job was still 40 hours and i was also going to school .
people think it 's strange that i mentioned her being introverted as if it were a bad thing .
i used to think i was happy not seeing our friends often but my job is social in nature and i find that i enjoy being more outgoing than i used to be .
this does n't mean i go out every night i see my friends/cousin maybe once every 1-2 months or that i want to go to bars and clubs but it does bug me that any time i suggest doing anything she makes an excuse like she does n't like the person has no interest in meeting new people does n't feel like seeing her friends does n't feel like getting dressed up she 's tired etc .
additionally i 've been asked a lot what i 've done to support her and why i expect support .
let me make it clear first that i have never asked her to run an errand or do anything for me before .
i asked this one time because i was exhausted and stressed .
i did n't expect her to drive an hour to drop it off at my partners house just leave it on my bed so i could grab it on my way home .
as for what i do to support her i 've helped her many times with research for papers when she was stressed over school i 've taken a week off of work when one of her relatives died and she needed to be with someone i 've taken her car to get fixed numerous times etc etc .
i text or call her whenever i can which is multiple times a day and i talk to her every night when i get off .
i do n't even spend tons of off-duty time with my partner .
the one time at the bar was literally the first time i 've seen him outside of work we have just been talking about all getting together for ages .
so now that 's out of the way i am not a spy or hit-man or something crazy .
a few of you tried to convince me that i am an asshole for not disclosing my job since apparently i ca n't be given advice without saying it .
i described so many details in my last post that i hope people can just give me at least one ounce of anonymity .
my career is known for cheating only because of the unpredictable hours .
some scumbags apparently a lot of them on yahoo questions and weddingbee and other cesspits of advice that show up on google use these hours to their advantage ie oh i got caught on overtime tonight '' when really they are out cheating .
this is not a prevalent thing in my experience but my girlfriend sarah was googling my career spouse '' came across 100 's of articles most of them benign and latched on to the few that stated we all used our schedules for the sake of cheating and nothing else .
a lot of you told me that the only reason i admired my work-partners wife is because she showed her best face to me in public .
of course this is true i do n't expect anyone to be perfect .
what stands out to me however is that there is a lot of downtime in my position and my partner and i bullshit .
every single thing that he has ever said about his wife is positive .
naturally i would hope that would be the case for anyone but i see something in the way he talks about her that i do not feel when i think about sarah .
he ruminates about their vacations and silly stories and stupid random nights they have together and i realized that i do n't get to enjoy any of that with her .
sarah does n't like being out of her comfort-zone .
i never knew that this bothered me before but when i saw how funny and silly they acted together right in front of my face it just confirmed that i could actually have fun in a relationship .
it made me realize that i am not having fun .
so after i slept over my work-partners house sarah was n't talking to me except for sending me passive-aggressive texts about how she hoped that i enjoyed my romantic evening '' and that she hoped he was worth it . ''
many of you indicated how insecure she must be that we can barely spend much time together and suddenly it seems like i am becoming close to someone new when after 6 years we maybe were't as close as we could/should be .
i took this to heart and i saw her point .
so the next time i was off this past sunday i took her out to brunch one of the few activities she likes to do bought us some mimosas to break the ice and tried to talk to her about the way that she 's been feeling .
i started the conversation saying i know it sucks that we ca n't see each other as much as we wish we could right now and believe me i wish that could be the case .
however i feel like this is causing more tension than it used to and i want to know what you 've been feeling about all of this lately . ''
i was hoping for an honest conversation where we could both learn from each other and move forward with new compromises but ... she just unleashed .
she told me that she just does n't think i have a reason to be close to anyone but her that my partner sounds like a faggot '' her words not mine that just wants to fuck me that his wife is probably just fed up with not getting any dick from him and is trying to move in on me and on and on .
it retrospect i feel like she is just very insecure and this was her way of attacking me and trying to hold me back so i could reassure her .
but at the moment i could n't think of a way to respond .
i tried to deny what she was saying explain to her that it was n't the case and asked what i could do to show her but she just kept verbally assaulting my partner and his wife and me for even entertaining the idea of being friends with them .
i stopped talking and we ended up finishing our meal in silence her fuming me just feeling awkward at this point .
afterwards we got back into my car and i started driving towards her house .
she noticed that we were n't going towards the direction of my apartment and she started yelling at me for trying to drop her off and not wanting to spend more time with her .
i drove to her house in silence her berating me the entire way and then listened to her continue to scream at me for ten minutes after we pulled up until finally getting out slamming the passenger door and going inside the house .
i went back to my apartment spent about 30 minutes on the phone with my sister 2 years younger than me asking her wtf i should do and then decided probably cowardly after such a long relationship but really not wanting to be screamed at anymore to send her a long text message about my reasons for breaking up with her .
she did n't take this well and blew up my phone over and over until i just turned it off completely .
the next day i had work and i tried to talk to her about things back and forth over text but she kept deferring back to her state of cursing at me and insulting me .
in the end i just told her that i could no longer be a part of her life and blocked her .
so that was 4 days ago and i have n't heard from her since she deleted her facebook though .
and honestly i 've felt a lot calmer these last 4 days than i have in a long time .
it makes me feel guilty at times but also kind of excited that i can act however i want to act from now on without someone looking down at me for it .
tl dr tried to work things out took sarah out to brunch we got into a fight i broke up with her .
so early last year my parents told me that we were going to go on a year long road trip in an rv i immediately told them that it was a bad idea and that it would be too much stress on me to be away from my lifelong friends for a year .
i also noted that on any trip i get home sick within the first 2-3 days .
they told me trust me when you grow up you will be glad you did this it will all be good memories . ''
we left on this trip about 4-5 months ago in august .
after the first week i was completely homesick and ready to tear my hair out .
every week it has gotten worse and worse to the point of me being suicidal and my online schooling for this year is only making it worse .
i ca n't help bit feel that allnof this is their fault because they did n't even give me a choice when the outcome of the trip could be life changing for me .
it is n't even that they wanted to go and i would n't have anywhere to stay my grandparents on both sides of the family offered me a place to stay .
they just wanted me to go knowing full well that i would hate every minute of it and now they are threatening to ground me because i am not having fun .
this is a bit biased towards my pov but there isnt much i can do for that .
edit there is alot i failed to say in this but none of it should change your opinion it just changes some things already hinted .
but besides that i thank you all for helping me deal with this .
my parent are flying me and my sister home soon because my sister has to do state testing i will try to get my parents to let me stay home with grandparents instead of flying back out .
the music behind the aquaman special and the cyborg special ... .can anyone identify these awesome pieces ?
i know that this is a bit early but will there be a new season ticket ?
i am asking this since i loved this season 's ticket .
will my ticket be reset for the new season or will i have to purchase a new ticket ?
there are 4 black guys one of them was shane diesel and mya mason .
the video was on xnxx title gangbang a black teen .
it was about 45 minutes long before the removed it and put up a 5 minute version with the same title .
the beginning is shane and a white lady and mya talking while eating at a burger place .
add shadow-smoks or leave psn class and light level below
i 'm starting at unsw and my timetable has a couple of classes right after one another .
i was wondering if it 's considered ok or rude to leave classes a couple of minutes early or show up to classes a couple of minutes late .
i was thinking binary since it was more defensive but everyone seems to like dde more for thor .
today i remembered a cartridge game i played as a kid .
i do n't know what console it was one and remember only little bit of vague information but i hope it 's enough .
it was a game where you played as a little dragon that shot fireballs from his mouth that produced similar sound hhhh '' to bowsers fireballs from the old super mario bros .
i also think there was a world map and big boss fights that involve platforming .
there may have also been multiple characters that you could play but i 'm not sure about that .
know it 's not much information to go on but i hope something will come up .
my pc was built during the times were ssds were small and expensive therefore explains my 60gb ssd well programs and general windows stuff filled up quick in it and theres always only like around 5gb left on it .
for some reason windows 10 can never auto install updates on my pc without my permission because windows can not install updates you must have at least 10gb on c drive '' however updates definitely do n't take up more than a few megabytes so i can just go to the updates page and manually install anything i want anytime .
this just started with our recent cold snap with engine fully warmed and vehicle in motion heat blows warm air but when i come to a stop within a sec or two will start blowing cold air .
goes right back to warm once car is in motion .
my friend is dentistry student and needs a patient .
watching gameplay videos is not much helpful as attack moves are chained to more moves and it is hard to make out where one begins and ends .
honestly i use to love back in the day when i could go to the forums and create duo teams trios even 5 man bandos and others teams regardless i do n't find making teams in osrs the same as before i 'm always worried about people getting a drop and not splitting there was never this problem in the past because coin share would split it for you in cash !
and if you didnt want to use coinshare then it could be lootshare but it was fair because everyone who was in the cc fighting the boss had a chance at receving loot as of now it just goes to the player with the higher damage meaning someone who is higher stats gear then you will get the drop 90 or more of the kills most of the time so making random groups on the fourms in my head is n't save because i always run the chance of not getting my share or my fair chance at the drop even though im putting in my time and effort in particapting in pvm right now i 'm getting bored of playing osrs because i cant boss with a team correctly without having to join a clan and i do n't have the time to keep up with a clan im a casual player who would like to find public teams on the forums with some sort of saftey net for looting items .
honestly jagex the update of lootshare need to be made before this bullshit fire cave extension fix pvm please and help the community feel safer with playing with other people thats what the whole point of a mmorpg is to play with others !
tl dr bring lootshare and coinshare into osrs before fire cave extension plz .
is this team is okay or should i keep rerolling ?
i really do n't know what happened but i got 100 spirit orbs than 50 spirit orbs when i collect all the rewards d
just went to redeem my alpha key and after clicking the link to redeem it if you already created a grey box account i get a page not found error .
my maine coon would sometimes pants after running around the yard and climbing trees during the cooler months or for a bit after coming inside on an especially hot day .
i 'm assuming he is just cooling down a bit like a dog due to his big coat .
i started playing diablo 3 more often due to the beginning of the new season .
when i bought the game about one year ago i started playing crusader .
at the moment i guess i have all items i need .
i have all the sets and the most important items .
i tried sweep roland 's blessed hammer all items ancient but the shoulders and the weapon bombardment lon and thorns invoker .
blessed hammer felt so weak ... like seriously i deal no dmg .
the problem is i do n't know why i know it is n't meta but i expected it to still do well since it did n't get nerfed i guess ?
for the sweep build i did n't have thunderlord 's vigor when i last tried it now i have it ancient .
i did no dmg last time was this only because of the missing belt ?
the thorns build http www.d3planner.com/322734318 is what i play in solo atm .
the problem is that i do n't know where exactly i need to improve .
i know i should get a few more ancient items and the shield is not that good socket .
where should i set my priorities in this build ?
i play it with my friends in 4man rifts atm .
we have a sup wd sup barb wizard and my sader .
i 'm not sure if the bombardment build is the way to go ... even though it 's way better than the thorns in this set up that 's at least what i believe .
this build is fun to play in groups and in solo .
in solo i get to 65 with it but i feel like the dmg is n't enough yet .
i think i just need an ancient aquila cuirass and ancient rings .
but i 'm not sure if that is all .
i 'm not sure what the most viable build is .
i have a lot of items that are n't bad but i dont know where i should put my priorities .
so i met my good friend 's grandpa who did rotc and commissioned out of upenn in the late 50 's .
his degree was in something related technology possibly in engineering or applied math and the army was dying for officers to get into it 's new computer program which was under active duty mi or signal at the time .
seeing this opportunity my friend 's grandfather jumped at the opportunity and placed that assignment and anything somewhat related to it at the top of his wish list .
you 'd think that this guy would be a good fit for this right ?
being that he was a upenn tech geek wanting to get into computer stuff .
the good ole ' accessions process fucked him and gave him a reserve transportation corps assignment as a railroad coordination officer .
so my fellow cadets do n't take it too personally if the accessions process fucks you over because it 's done it to countless cadets ever since rotc was even a thing .
we just need to make the best of whatever hands the green weenie deals us .
on a related note the same sir who told me that story also told me about the times his fraternity would hire their massive former 82nd airborne wwii veteran msg to bounce their parties .
just something to keep in mind for if any of you throw parties maybe your physically intimidating cadre would n't mind lending a helping hand .
that 's all folks i 'm done shitposting at 3am .
share your experiences with custom '' lightstrips using the fls-pp specifically about the led strips used with it
can you see the individual colors in each chip how bright they get color reproduction etc .
maybe we can find some specific strips that have the best bang for the buck or just are out-right best and pin the info in a faq '' pots .
i 'm in australia and my isp is advertising my plan and claiming i should get speeds of 20mb/s and 5mb/s upload but the best speed test i 've run only gives me 6mb/s dl and 300kb/s ul .
got new netgear heavy duty router modem thats supposed to handle our devices but our wifi is borderline unusable .
wondering if theres anything i can do already done all the usuals proper positioning of router disconnecting unnecessary devices etc .
or if i 'm just ruined by my areas crappy infrastructure .
all i can think about is getting home and chilling !
looking for some girls to chat to and keep me company !
i now have at least 48000000 experience points in the constitution skill .
i killed 14 corporeal beasts all visions of supernatural horror .
i also have a 25 itunes gift card i would be willing to offer .
looking for someone with some dark needy depraved and desperate ideas .
it 's all on the table the darker and more depraved the better .
the more dominant aggressive and nasty you can be ... you get the picture .
let it roam free for a time those parts of you that you try to keep well-hidden and buried .
we 'll play with it explore it tease it out drown in it together .
that part of you it 's the base part of your nature .
you ca n't ignore it you ca n't stop the urges only pretend they do n't exist for so long until you must get a fix .
you must fuck a woman like she 's just a toy use her break her make it hurt .
you just need to scratch that aggressive itch you have .
it 's all you can think about until you achieve it .
yes i know we have r/lockpickbazaar but it seems like nobody uses it .
i get the feeling there are many more active community members on r/lockpicking every day that are interested in trades than are total number of posts on r/lockpickbazaar .
ideally we 'd be saturated with trade chat and have to move it but since nobody even talks about it there can we talk about trades here then ?
for someone who has no background in social sciences i wanted to know if i 'd manage an introductory course to pp .
it 's still a relatively unheard of programme so i 've had a hard time finding out more about it apart from the website itself www.takshashila.org.in .
any sort of review or opinion of the course would be great .
came out of nowhere did all his topranks within a very short period of time and playcount and is afk ever since
i 'm going to assume i have to delete some games ?
this post is the thirty-sixth in a weekly discussion series where we can discuss various australian breweries .
well technically it 's really the thirty-fifth but lets just ignore the fact that i somehow managed to skip week 34 .
in order to view past brewery discussion threads including the gaping hole where week 34 should have been visit the weekly brewery discussion wiki .
http www.reddit.com/r/ausbeer/wiki/weeklydiscussionthreads to suggest a brewery for the weekly discussion visit the brewery suggestion thread .
notable beers cleansing ale derwent aromatic spelt ale forester bitter amber ale sour cherry ale original soured ale the seven year itch a farmer 's resilience
next week 's brewery will be 7 cent brewery .
crunchyroll http www.crunchyroll.com/naruto-shippuden/episode-445-pursuers-687647 always the first to be available !
torrent links from horriblesubs http horriblesubs.info download at your own risk
click here http www.narutoforums.com/showthread.php ? t=501381 for a complete overview of all episodes chapters .
you are no better than using traditional fiat currency if you let a single group of experts calling themselves central bankers core developers to define what money bitcoin is .
makes gadget like breaching charge use hold to plant or press to plant but can be cancelled because the enemy can hear you planting it and shot you .
my last match i was mute i 'm placing jammer while thermite trigger his exothermic charge in front of me so i got injured and died
note montagne 's shield and pulse 's heartbeat sensor should be toggle-able tooo
got this nice karambit ultraviolet minimal wear up for trade/keys .
feel free to put an offer in or add me to discuss overpay in skins .
not interested in anything specific but i like karambit fade i can add keys butterfly fade you add keys etc .
i know it 's op but it only goes the way you 're looking i think it should be the way you are shooting .
it always is so weird to be shooting one way and it be shining another way .
so one of the biggest bummers of the pstv was its lack of compatible psn games specifically ones that my all means should run .
there 's even a massive list of every game unable to run on the pstv .
i had heard that the best way to ensure you 're only buying games the pstv can run is to use the psn store app on it but i noticed that some games that are specifically listed as incompatible are showing up .
several of the metal gear games started appearing and it would be great if this means compatibility was patched in for them but to be honest i ca n't really remember if they really just appeared or if the psn store on pstv shows incompatible games .
does anyone know if they can be played now ?
or if the whole psn library was always listed as part of some sick act of schadenfreude on sony 's part ?
i loved railroad tycoon ii and enjoyed sid meiers trains railroads a bit too minimalistic for my taste .
can also be in the style of a transport simulator .
i just got back into d3 after playing it for a bit on launch .
i saw some people stream it with the start of the new season so i figured i 'd give it a try .
having a lot of fun with my seasonal hardcore berserker so far and i discovered the insane beam of brutal death disintegrate on my wizard .
now while i 'm having quite a bit of fun already constantly playing through the same old story is getting a bit boring .
with ros being available i wonder how much it adds to the game when you 're still leveling your characters mine are all just above level 30 or under that .
tl dr does ros add to the leveling experience and should it be picked up by a new/returning player or is it purely endgame and should i hold off to see if i still enjoy the game when i have leveled up my characters ?
so i have heard the term 'season ' since i started playing lol so can anyone tell me what are seasons ?
there 's a difference between meat reduction as a goal versus a means to reach the goal as a transition strategy versus a principle .
dropping meat entirely is often more realistic as a gradual than immediate change .
i agree stopping partway does n't make ethical sense but starting partway sure does .
i have a laptop and would like to go to the mun without the hassle of trying to use a mouse on a bus .
the dead part or the family that i like part ? ''
i think the main problem with your proposal is that creating 3 separate projects that are deserving of granting a bis cape is a huge amount of dev time for something that overall is a very minor upgrade .
shout out to the guy cleaning poop off of a couch .
and here 's my sick self thinking this was going to be some shit shit
my god look at those ugly id and name attributes .
also if they 're using bootstrap 3 for the reset form they 're doing it quite incorrectly .
the other part of the video showed that the drip tip is attached to a thread when rotated it lowers the part blocking the two holes you see on either side .
it was just a bad camera angle when she was filling it .
your submission has been automatically removed pending manual approval because your account does not meet the minimum karma or account age requirements of r/worldnews for submitting from an uncommon domain .
if you are new to reddit we suggest you read
you may also want to review the reddit guidelines regarding spam http www.reddit.com/help/faq whatconstitutesspam and the wiki on self-promotion on reddit http www.reddit.com/wiki/selfpromotion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/worldnews if you have any questions or concerns .
lucky star 's haruhi references are the best and this is the best one http youtu.be/wmzxvhmrhk4
i do n't think there 's a big market for second-hand sex toys or sextoys of unproven origin .
edit they 're right across the street not doing shit .
it will give the text of the statute then list major cases that have interpreted or applied the statute .
scan them until you find a few useful ones .
you can then go to the case books and look up the entire case if necessary .
young man i hope for your own sake that that 's a midget woman .
the folks on reddit already put more effort into the game than randys .
that was n't the only factor there was also that more than several reviews point out that the gameplay loop was basically hunt kill feed repeat with nothing interesting inbetween
satnav does n't really like the highways around frankfurt either .
it might be a good idea to double check and plan your route regardless what satnav tells you .
i 'm guessing it 's a bug with promods unless you do n't use it then i guess not
just make do with it and roll it as well as you can .
and i would only gamble rings if your other items apart from amulet are close to perfect/ancient .
if you want to be a father or any semblance thereof to a child that is yours i would reach out if only to have her confirm or deny and then proceed from there .
if you do not want to be a father to a child that is yours i guess consider yourself lucky she wants to go it alone and let it be .
it 's wise to seek legal counsel in either cause once you make up your mind .
my opinion is that if you actually are the father it is the adult and moral thing to do to be available to that child physically and emotionally because a good supportive father can make all the difference in a young child 's life and development .
she would lose all trust with you if she found out any other way .
th did not give him a shout out in her vlog ?
really because she 's using it with malicious intent .
any profanity can be all in good fun '' but in situations like this where you 're clearly attempting to break someone down and have no better vocabulary to do it with you can always use words you think are okay . ''
i do n't really fancy nor against op protagonist but comedy aspect is a must for me ...
i was in the live studio audience last night and he previewed the qatar footage for us after the show where he stayed with the soldiers rather than a hotel .
on https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/planets_beyond_neptune https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/planets_beyond_neptune wikipedia page it says it was coined after the discovery of neptune .
so it originally referred to a ninth planet then a tenth then back to a ninth .
it 's 3 business days and a 4473 is invalid after 30 .
so if you came back in 60 you 'd have to fill out another one .
he clearly saw an opportunity to throw her off and get in the car and leave .
your submission has been automatically removed because your account is either too new or does not meet the minimum karma requirements http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/rules wiki_3._posting_rights_require_minimum_qualifications of r/fitness .
many common questions have already been answered by our community so if you are new to fittit please ensure you
read our wiki http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/index particularly the getting started http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/getting_started and faq http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/faq sections
follow all our rules http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/rules and posting guidelines http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/rules wiki_general_guidelines .
if you have done all of this and your question is still not answered click here http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffitness subject=please+reapprove message=/r/fitness/comments/41yngg/legs_get_heavy_and_shin_splints 0a 0aplease 20review 20my 20post to submit your post for moderator review .
alternatively you may use the moronic monday http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/search ? q=flair 3amon sort=new restrict_sr=on or foolish friday http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/search ? q=foolish+friday sort=new restrict_sr=on threads for any questions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fitness if you have any questions or concerns .
besides the great visuals i honestly found it a very dull movie .
i loved the bear scene though and that was the only time i felt like this was a brutal '' and gut-wrenching '' movie .
i may have felt something more when misfortunes crossed the protagonists path but i just did n't care about him nor did i care about his mission .
i wonder if i simply did n't watch this movie in the same way other people did .
as someone who looks for interesting writing which keeps me guessing and invested i just found nothing in this movie besides a few very brief moments like the blink if you wan na die '' scene for example .
other than that it was straight forward and nothing i had n't seen before .
just another revenge story but without any original twists and turns .
it really was a movie that was supposed to take you on a long and rough ride but it was a snoozer for me .
i guess people loved it for different reasons but i personally think the writing is the skeleton of any movie and the revenant was a sagging corpse ... but it did look pretty and was for the most part technically impressive .
i can see how it would have an impact on the easily queazy or people easily entertained and satisfied by a flashy screen but it 's just not worthy of the overwhelming reviews from people like yms .
still no removal of red dot shit or aim down shits .
though i ca n't remember exactly what he said incon said before hosting matty i feel somewhat drawn to him recently . ''
what a slowdown only 7 after year after year after year of more than 7 growth .
oh yeah gdp growth is exponential so 7 this year is more than 7 last year .
let 's make half a game advertise a lot and watch people give us money for hardly any work .
the iowa primary could easily determine the presidency and it starts in a few days and is close enough a few hundred votes may decide .
you do not need money voter eligibility or anything but a phone and it 's simple .
we apologize but this submission has been removed for violating the following rules in the r/sandersforpresident community guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules .
please read this comment in its entirety to learn what you ​*can*​ do to get this content posted in a manner consistent with the community guidelines .
please refer to rule 4 in the community guidelines .
when submitting an article use the full original headline of the article .
if you believe something should be added to the headline please copy a quote from the piece onto the end of the title .
when posting a link to an image titles must objectively describe the image .
when posting a link to a video the video 's title must be used .
if submitting a link to a tweet the submission title must be a full quote of the entire tweet preceded or followed by the author 's twitter handle .
these titling rules ensure that users have an objectively accurate and fair perception of the article and they can decide whether or not they want to read it .
it also becomes a lot easier to keep track of reposts if everyone uses the same titles which means it 's easier to keep your front page neat organized and uncluttered .
with so many links often leading to the same place the strict title rule is one of our only tools against reposts .
if you disagree with this removal please message the moderators at this link .
https www\.reddit\.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsandersforpresident subject=about my removed submission message=i 'm writing to you about the following submission https www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/comments/41yl7y/bernie_the_billionaire_class_deserves_to_be_made .
0d 0dmy issue is ... and explain why this submission was removed in error .
hateful insulting or otherwise obnoxious modmails will not be responded to .
punching as a man would probably be seen as excessive but weirdly pepper spraying her probably wo n't .
any stock tech nda will have a clause that prevents you in using proprietary knowledge in other work .
the terminology in the brief is very direct in stating their feedback on improvements was proprietary info .
many ndas also have competitive lock out periods too which prevent working for similar companies .
this ensures that you ca n't utilize this info against them .
and let 's not forget the core here the ownership of work ip if done for hire .
if he did receive feedback by the client that lead to a discovery the client owns that discovery .
not just the tech but the ip behind it .
tl dr the terms of the contract define many strict things a contractor ca n't do .
he could have partied hard before going to jail and didnt know it would make things worse .
i do n't mind their current recipe the mint chocolate one did n't sit well when i tried it but i do enjoy the hell out of cookie dough/cookies and cream ones .
i love the fact they 're very low in sugar/good amount of protein because almost every protein bar out there has an obscene amount of sugar in them regular sugar or otherwise .
hey just checkout my new news app from google play.beautifully designed ui based on material design https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=me.ashif.newsapp
i ca n't be the only one who mentally prepared themselves for a shot of franks ass when the graphic nudity '' warning popped up ?
in marine corps boot camp we had to complete a basic swim qualification .
not a single one of the twenty or so black recruits passed the on the first try .
and a good number were flat out terrified of the water .
becuz god wants you to kill out of free will
was received by the journal on november 13 2015 and was published today .
the planet predicted by the paper has not yet been observed directly or indirectly its existence has been inferred from the clustering of the orbits of several other bodies .
i can appreciate that sentiment but it 's not what the other person said .
but generally they 're pretty polite but direct retorts and sometimes a bit cheeky and it 's almost exclusively to call people out on bullying of some form .
in the case of ark its that like a lot of games its patched post pc .
patching on console takes a lot of tape n hoops .
some companies have special deals that do n't have to bother .
ffxiv for example is patched 1:1 with pc eso lags by 2 weeks or more .
also arc is an even more interesting situation since its going to get an advantage for ps vr users since the vr will run off a separate system then ps4 .
they use elements of hip hop in there music but they are n't solely hip hop so i would n't categorize them as a rap group .
shingles is due to the herpes zoster virus and has nothing to do with vitamin d .
is there a possibility that the benefits were actually due to nofap ?
you must hide behind your weak ass crew youre talking all this shit while i play with level 30 's even beginners .
we could set up a clan match so you can see how easily you 'll get your ass beat .
but i 'm sure you 'll just make an excuse and continue writing nonsense trying to insult someone i mean youre just like skoiler .
'' how a new york times public article that goes around the world could be in any way viewed as classified ''
its also an issue that the fbi did n't name what they were discussing .
this could be another instance of her making things up like she did when she claimed she had n't been subpoena 'd on the matter but had been subpoena 'd recently .
yup the fuckton of money they 're charging him can be used to build new roads that reduce congestion .
he 's paying more than a fair price for that fast lane .
that 's a loophole that should n't be closed .
thinking of going to a trump rally and shouting allahu snackbar
we 're sorry to combat spam we have implemented a minimum karma and account age check .
if you feel your post/comment was removed in error please message the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tattoo if you have any questions or concerns .
right but i 'm probably going to want to avoid anything in say the top 1000 most difficult games .
i love kevin hart and that show looks like it would be a pile of garbage reality tv but instead it just mocks it and does so very well .
ultra kills your framerates and do n't offer much noticeable difference .
i 'm no expert in the medical application of cannabis but is n't there some way to take it without getting high ?
i ca n't stop laughing at this public servant making 110k with 14k in pension contributions per annum with a whole 40 direct reports ... 50hrs a week .
that job pays 75k in the finance sector if you 're lucky enough to get an interview .
my husband and i are not religious anymore despite staying close to our church family . ''
but we do n't go to church and do n't want to push it on baby .
mil does not bring up religion much but my own mother ... i 'm worried how to evade her now that we face all the baby rituals our church does .
do i go along with it as a tradition like i do christmas ?
my mom is already suspicious but i do n't want anyone to know i 'm an atheist .
i 'm 5'11 and went from 250 to 148lbs and the skin is there but i feel better with loose skin than excess fat this is me now http imgur.com/a/leqde
so you are saying it is impossible he simply does n't have all the facts ?
i was utterly unaware this was even going on until i read it here
so at least he 's got that going for him ... .. which is nice !
but i do n't like sweets so i have that going for me .
if only i could gain a taste aversion to beer .
well the space '' on my keyboard is actually a very large bar so there 's that .
let me put it this way i am maximum hr165 .
i find a little challenge when i do the hr80 quests and a good challenge when i do the current zinogre plesioth gigginox and diablos quests .
the hr level of the quests does n't always correlate with the difficulty of the quests .
i 'm going to assume you have a full set of 3 star equipment and maximum level .
i believe you will find hr40 quests medium challenge and hr60 almost impossible .
just hang in there and try to get hr up as much as you can so you have access to the higher quests .
another thing to note is this just because you get to hr60 does n't mean you can beat the quests .
when i finally unlocked hr60 i still could n't beat those quests because they were too hard .
so i made a point to raise my hr as fast as possible since raising hr gives you more attack and defense .
your goal now that you have max 3 star equipment should be
these drop 4 star equipment and are n't too hard .
then consider that there are a hell of a lot worse things than this happening to hundreds of men women and children right at this very moment .
if i got it for free i would be happy too .
it 's a stupid attempt to be funny that really does n't help you whatsoever .
msu is shooting about as well from 3 as from the ft line .
in fact it 's a good quality in a politician .
then why do you permit any argument against the op idea which would be flip flopping
i 5-0ed a league on modo yesterday with pact instead of chord in my elves deck .
i do n't think the decklist has been posted yet .
pretty much pact makes your draws a lot more explosive but at the same time it 's way less resilient .
pact is a dead card if they can keep you off a critical mass of elves .
chord also shines in games 2 and 3 where it makes your sideboard a lot stronger whereas pact generall gets worse as you dilute the elf engine to bring in hate .
the only thing relevant to last days is him sleeping with beetle .
this guy 's been gilded three times by saying yum damn it 's true usernames change lives
what exactly do you think will happen in hillary is nominated ?
when i get into those slumps i switch my genres .
if i am part way into a star wars novel and not into it like recently i switch it up !
other times i read comic books to break it up .
other people are suggesting that you re-read a favorite .
sometimes i just need to go to hogwarts for a little while .
and if you ever need someone to talk to message me .
i 've been battling depression for years and sometimes it helps to talk it out or just know someone else has been there .
too gaudy as a t-shirt but it might work as a hawaiian '' style shirt .
in system manager pop proxy in proxy actions attachments filenames enable action-lock on .zip .rar etc .
it will lock '' any attachments with .zip .rar extensions .
in the post he said so how to i get jobs and thin gs like that ''
focus mks first attack the monkeys that are not stunned
in the end you win by stunning and dotting everything slowly .
qidian relatively recently introduced a new tag 幻想修仙 that supersedes the old tag that was used for things like stellar transformation and xian ni 奇幻修真 although they have n't really bothered to retroactively change them .
presumably because of arguments that 奇幻 was being used to describe western-influenced/styled fantasy stories and that did n't apply to those .
i guess they ca n't even agree on their own tags .
for issth and de the tag used for that is 古典仙侠 and for the most part the mc does n't strictly have to be a daoist or whatever cultivation system as long as he is a relatively amicable/good person and the world building is done a certain way .
under the web novel tagging system journey to the west and investiture of the gods would fall under 洪荒封神 .
all of these tags are subcategories under xianxia cause i suppose the difference is relatively minute for most people .
when playing with training roulette in long war the default version of tr you are generally going to be building very offensive minded troops as you 'll have access to perks like bring 'em on aggression and vital point targeting very often .
your squads will generally want to go glass cannon one hard tank style composition-this usually means either fast mec troopers or alloy shivs to start taking hits since most of the rest of the squad is damage perk oriented .
psionics is generally not very good with default tr since you lose out on a lot of will baked into some perks .
taking officer perks that provide raw stat boosts is generally worthwhile .
gene mods that provide stat boosts are also very useful as is holotargeting .
combat drugs and pulse weapons just murder in the late game since you have crit and crit damage perks on a lot of soldiers .
you really do n't have to go plasma and perks like vpt can make lasers last long enough to skip gauss too .
scouts i used them as officers and jammed hit and run with marksman rifles+scope+marksman scopes along with damage perks .
you can get things like vpt and beo early in the tree and they do big damage .
i like hyper-reactive pupils and adrenal neurosympathy on them since hit and run kills are some of the first kills you make in a mission since the action is free .
build lots of scouts and make the ones that do n't go into being officers pathfinders .
scouts are good early on and level up very fast once they get a laser strike rifle and even faster once they get hit and run .
rapid fire is fairly iffy until very late game due to the need to place higher aim troops in other classes and the lack of aim gains from perks .
they basically suppress and shoot and robots which as it turns out is pretty damn good for most of the game .
pupils keys off suppression shots and is worth having .
medic-the default tr lets you build them more or less just like you would build them normally .
suppression and the smoke grenade perks to get combat drugs then bombard and savior .
the main difference is that you ca n't really justify going steadfast here without the 5 will bonus .
it 's real hard to get the overwatch perks lined up in a reasonable time before overwatch stops being useful and also really hard to get all the tanking perks you need with tr enabled .
again fall back on mec troopers and alloy shivs to help absorb the shots .
hey i 'm only talkin ' about trumpy can you dig it ?
they will however be adding unicorns so we have that going for us
a change in views takes persuasion not brute force .
a liberal society takes time not through a periodic barrage of realisations by people suddenly presented with the facts .
you have to get 5 kills in one life .
you can get 7 kills all together but five of those have to be from the sniper in order to count towards the challenge .
again you can kill 30 people with different weapons and if five of those are from the same sniper it 'll count towards the challenge .
i do n't know how else to put it .
i do n't think you need to worry about the sixers winning .
i do n't actually like my friend 's so .
they remind me of my ex-best friend in a bad way .
i found the official channel for this guy and his reviews are really funny check it out !
when i was working in a sydney hotel he and his family stayed with us for a few weeks during post production of episodes 2 3 i believe and i got to know his wife and kids during that time .
when i eventually met him she actually introduced me to him like oh here 's werlpool honey i 'd like you to meet werlpool '' .
he was pure class and seemed such a genuine guy .
you clearly have no idea what youre taking about and thats funny to me d
the military has regulations to not take service in lieu of a criminal judgement but that 's not to say her political status did n't somehow magically get around that .
oh i 'm not asking you to stop judging everyone is entitled to their opinion .
i 'm just asking you not to broadcast condescension .
i do n't think anyone likes being called out publicly especially when they are not even in the wrong ...
how does a staged car crash not make sense compared to a staged mugging overdose or heart attack ?
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules .
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=help+related+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/41xise/how_much_money_would_you_kill_your_pet_for_dont .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
ahhh i hope someday someone makes a stable build of this so we can finally play the true battlefront 3 .
if wireless hold down the xbox button until the option to power off console/controller appears then remove batteries and reinsert should fix 9/10 times
i 'm having the same problem with the actual npr player though the website no app problems though .
the cpu its very weak its way under the minimum requirements i5 2400 fx 6350 and any dedicate gpu above 750ti will get bottleneck .
without the personal aspect the big reveal might seem tacky and slapped on .
but i do think a movie that 's set in the era with revan involved would be pretty cool .
nope you just caught a pathological liar in his habitat reddit .
my entire search history is paranoid questions like that .
it seems like a lot of your favorite moments are ones that really humanize the character .
seems a bit early to call nate silver 's predictions past patterns .
they 've held true in every recent election and there 's still plenty of time for the establishment to coalesce around rubio or someone else .
if trump actually wins the nomination then yeah there 's probably been a shift in how the candidate is decided or nothing has changed and trump really does n't follow the traditional rules .
lol nice i wo n't tell tony if you do n't .
all cars should come with basics for roadside repairs .
i do n't know how many times i have needed a basic screwdriver or wrench and the car did n't have one .
the middle of the eastern conference is fucking packed .
one week you can be the 5th seed and the next week you can be two games out of the playoffs .
now normally i would say canada but that was thrown out at crazy internet speeds ''
it 's worth noting the assumption that because an objective moral standard exists then we can follow it is based on nothing .
just because the standard exists does n't mean it is attainable by people our nature could prevent that and history 's myriad moral systems point to at the very least it being more likely that we embrace subjective morality much more easily .
i wo n't even broach the subject of how 'd we ever know if we were follow the true objective morality i suppose faith is how ?
not exactly the most tenable reasoning but i 'm an atheist so lol .
do n't worry about it you did n't take my idea or anything .
you do n't even have to put me in your post i was just saying i thought of it too and it 'd be cool to have him .
yeah to crowded like to much going on that 's what i was trying to say
yeah problem is 99 of those comments are other people with the bad habit of believing every virus detection is a false positive and just saying it 's okay it 's just a false positive '' .
honestly the last time i actually saw someone not only write down the name of the virus but google it and find out what it was and publicly report back was about 5 years ago .
bit everyone in the ass though with that theta group .
they put it right in their nfo files that it 's just a false positive if your virus detection goes off '' .
turns out it was a trojan building a massive botnet .
an aggressive drive and decent finish at the rim vastly improving passing a lot of hustle and a decent shot
you have to have the pro edition to do that .
they management company changed 12 months ago presumably to a new company at a new address .
they moved 6 months ago might have tried to inform the old address because they were unaware of the change .
i do n't disagree so run the long tube behind it via a bulkhead fitting .
except it 's their pr team that is saying this not ours .
munch mitt heading your way if you 're reading this please add some more items to your wish list looks like it was just emptied out .
lots of people seeing this right now are ready to assist .
though i 'm in no way trying to downplay the fact that he was used and bred into this behavior .
everyone involved those who knew the older women his manager and fried and yes even steven is at fault .
i would 've gladly paid for premium and gave ncsoft my money if they actually let me play the game for free before i do spend money on it now for 2 days in a row i 've had 6 hours queue time to play something else i guess xd
at the risk of provoking you i 'd like to ask who else 's fault a calamitous crash could be ?
john and jane public are n't exactly governing market forces in this day and age and it 's pretty obvious what class of people are calling the shots politically .
i 'm not saying this is a catastrophe nor am i advocating eating anybody i 'm legitimately curious .
i had to take out federal loans to attend as well but that was it between the awesome scholarship they gave me based on my community college grades and the generous financial aid package based on the fact that any college would have considered me in need of financial help so they considered me to be in super need .
it wound up being about the same cost for me to attend smu as it would have been for me to attend either unt or ut dallas only the cost of textbooks out of pocket so i went with them since it 's the better school .
we typically go at the end of september ... it helps with the crowds
i live in brisbane also and i have n't been having these issues with my stream or any other australian stream i watch .
i think possibly you 're being throttled without your knowledge i know optus was doing it for a while until people realized and they were forced to update things on their end .
the reason they ask you to talk to your isp as they sometimes limit bandwidth to certain sites during peak .
smaller unknown isps like myfibre are actually well known for this .
there was a really fantastic shot in one episode that really captured the swell showing it block out the shore .
love sd mainly because i have a pretty broad hero pool and i can never seem to decide who i want to play .
but still do n't trust in my luck to not random meepo twice haha .
i definitely would like to see what my team mates available heroes are much more easily so this ui would be great
lt did n't even settle into a position until what this year ?
from what my amateur eyes saw this year he 's a 300 lineman that still has a lot of his mlb quickness .
i 'm not going to predict that it will happen but i would n't be surprised to see him be a guy that goes in the 6-fa range gets some nfl coaching on how to play on the line and makes a name for himself .
i do n't think he becomes an all-pro or anything like that but i think he stays in the league .
i had two older sisters so most of my toys growing up were my little ponies and rainbow bright shit ... my murky plush was the most dude thing i had .
like it shields them from understanding how parking tickets work
not to mention how utterly useless it would be for the state of new hampshire to waste any time on this .
there might be one or two people a year in nh who owe delinquent taxes and use bitcoin to pay back the state .
hell bitcoin would be my least preferred method of payment if i owed a debt like that .
the whole thing sounds more like an effort to legitimize bitcoin rather than provide any actual benefit to the state and so they were correct to shoot it down .
this is indeed one of the most difficult things i 've ever had to do .
i 'm just angry at how i handled things ... we had several huge arguments today the exact same things we used to argue about drinking he 's an alcoholic smoking him playing video games and saying that was spending time together '' .
now i 'm beating myself up for saying it ... we were both at fault .
he was finally agreeing to try things again and i was angry and said something i now regret .
i do n't think he 'll ever try with me again we 've gone through this cycle many times .
at the same time i know it 's best to maintain nc for now .
clearly we are not healthy for each other even if individually we are good people .
i want so badly to blame him for everything because i sincerely think i did everything possible to make things work .
but honestly i have my fair share of faults and regardless blaming and complaining that things are n't fair '' is n't helpful .
just need to maintain nc and clear up my head .
sorry for venting so much but thank you for being here .
thats like saying theres no such thing as mild hypertension .
somebody who chugs down a bottle of dxm while on antidepressants is n't going to have it as bad as someone who swallows a whole bottle of zoloft .
i 've had serotonin syndrome multiple times neither of which were fatal or required hospitalization its rarely fatal .
anything thats a 5ht agonist can cause serotonin syndrome .
it 's fascinating to me how right goebbels was about repeating lies until they are true .
they did n't leave because we got tired of nfl football hell we even tolerated them .
because i 'm a fucking nurse these motherfuckers get 40 hours every week of my time on this earth slowly sucking the life out of me while spitting biting and shitting on me ...
they can take my time and sanity but the fuckers wo n't get my blood
i have a grad offer for 47k in london .
it 's a us company with a london office .
i do n't go to a target school but i have straight-a 's and lots of personal projects .
apparently leading a search party makes you a murder suspect but having burnt bones outside your house does n't .
i mean you could very easily help him start to trust himself .
just make sure he is n't put in situations where he can cheat .
go with him to parties make sure he is n't drinking while you 're not around .
it might be a little weird at first but you two will get used to it .
if there 's a will there 's a way .
are you ready to explain to every cop bar keep etc the distinctions ?
i 'm gon na do a lady from behind though .
i do believe that generally speaking women like x and women like y. yeah they 're a few acceptions but overall it 's true .
for example a needy man more unattractive to a woman than a needy woman being unattractive to a man .
women like men who can play instruments or do cool stuff .
with a man to a woman not so much .
women tend to be held to a higher standard for looks men tend to be held to a higher standard for personality traits .
i dont think anyone here understamds what is going on .
shats happening is when you inhale you creative negative pressure .
when you stop inhaling and that pressure goes from negative to neutral and water falls it pushes air out which is why anything in the bowl will go flying
he omitted an implied without flash and at least one dash and two forms of movement or positional cc in their kit . ''
wither counts as two cc 's and a dash for the record .
he looks like a cartoon character gone human and adult .
yeah there is but you have to know the right people let the favors change hands .
i know a guy who knows a guy so i get the nicest filet yeah im totally fucking kidding i have no idea if theres steak .
reality can be hard for a lot of people to face ... .in more than just the religion aspect .
if your use of man '' was n't intentionally insulting the guy 's masculinity with regard to not fighting back then 1 .
you communicated like shit in the first place and 2 .
it 's on you to explain yourself instead of just be like wahh weak retort with no information '' .
re activism yeah shit tons of people in and outside this sub do stuff like that .
pod certainly had good numbers but there are lots of ways to measure performance and that 's by far the best one .
i just think it 's unfair that people always trot out that one number as if it 's representative of the power of the deck when clearly it 's an outlier .
it 's not like the deck was 75 of top 8s .
as an individual born and raised in stl feel free to make yourselves my new team by stealing some guys who played in this city .
might i suggest aaron donald in a few years ?
you save 460 a month ! ? ! ? ! ?
a lot of people with higher incomes do n't save that .
that aside majora 's mask seems like a pretty decent one to choose .
i do n't think this is what your asking but you worked in base 6 than 60 '' would be what we call 36 in base 10 .
therefore x/60/60 would be x/36/36=x/1296 in base 10 or in base 6 x/10000 .
i was billed a total of 227 by the dmv of which the 92 was salvage related '' fees and the rest the registration fees '' as mentioned by the dmv employee i spoke to .
i was under the impression that it covered all controlled substances .
aka mediocre but hey it 's free on steam so why not
i can sing the praises of pasta pizza and cannoli about a hundred different ways .
that is the idiot that bottled his chance at co commentary by sounding like a moany prat on a champions league game .
just do hard/casual if you 're that worried about resetting .
finish or atleast get a feel for the game and decide if you want to replay it again .
i think you need you need to watch this https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=zxsqaxx_ao0
remember when azir was literally one shotting everything with his ult ?
might have been just on pbe but man was that fun .
personally i use it as a status symbol thing .
meet a nice lady who is down and then offer her some free lines and off the night goes cause fuck it i 'm doing coke who would n't love this highball piece of shit then huh ?
so i did the order that it said to do and it 's only working for doom 1 now not the other wads ...
yeah i agree with all you said very good points .
here is a video of a famous youtuber who teaches how to squat properly if you wan na check it out op .
i was thinking he 's great in the context of watching him one or two years from now .
i just went because my friends wanted to go .
it means he 's bored of atmospheric flight years before us
imho you are allowed to get the procedure done in secret .
as soon as it 's done though you should inform your partner .
i am no longer able to have children '' .
this is hilarious because this comment is actually upvoted .
the indexes given by csgozone 's inpector wo n't help you in finding the fade percentage there are many variables defining the pattern 's position that are used only inside the game 's inspector .
oh totally that sounds like a great way to use the fact that the show is out in the open .
who knows vince does n't seem to much concerned about shaking things up now nor kevin dunn .
i ca n't almost recall the last time there was a special raw .
your submission has been automatically removed pending manual approval because your account does not meet the minimum karma or account age requirements of r/worldnews for submitting from an uncommon domain .
if you are new to reddit we suggest you read
you may also want to review the reddit guidelines regarding spam http www.reddit.com/help/faq whatconstitutesspam and the wiki on self-promotion on reddit http www.reddit.com/wiki/selfpromotion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/worldnews if you have any questions or concerns .
every time it comes up i want to rewatch the jim jeffries bit .
in australia we had the worst massacre ever still has n't been beaten .
and we all said yeah well that 's fair enough .
20 little children killed and your government said maybe we 'll take the big guns ?
and half of you said fuck you do n't take my guns ! ''
so if i got this spray can of green i would n't need to overcoat it like i usually see in those videos to prevent the paint from peeling off ?
so you believe he just heals really fast as opposed to when he 's injured he took something that helps heal certain injuries faster ?
it 's not proof but it 's not like i 've reaching here .
he is bringing the term socialist back inro the modern lexicon as an intelligent political position .
tsm just got a cs go team in na why should they remove the flair ?
so ... are we going to talk about the fact that june moon and rick flag are clearly fucking ?
it can work and i 've seen it work but i do know some preferred moves ca n't be learned or unlearned .
i think your problem is that he still plays up front and is still always near the opportunity to beat the offside .
i mean i 'm just armchairing it here but i was able to have zouma unlearn 'gets forward whenever possible ' on fm14 and i think that was because he was a defender and that preferred move made no sense in the first place .
that 's either an odd sounding first name or a parody of the mental capacity of the average trump supporter .
... and here i thought you 're like the matrix .
four major dimensions seven hidden ones and hackable via manipulation of your various errr.. lovely bits .
throws complex computer map model and stylus away takes out plain paper sheet and pencil.
wow ... it 's always the same when people do n't happen to like a female actress/singer/comedian .
you never hear i do n't like her because her style of comedy/acting/singing is just not my taste . ''
no it 's always stupid fat unfunny ugly bitch ! ''
your dialogue choices and actions determine if you become apart of the vampire government '' stay neutral join the anarchs or become a corrupt sub-human pawn of the sabbat .
you can loose your humanity or strive to retain it .
you can help people kill people or screw them over .
all of your choices determines how the game ends .
your race of vampire determines your dialogue too malkavian 's are batshit crazy everyone fears tremere 's because they study blood magic brujah 's are hotheaded and tend to dislike authority ventrue 's are the leaders and ceos nosferatu 's are ugly disfugured vampires that ca n't be seen in public by humans lest they get spotted .
there is so much more to this game and i highly recommend it .
just make sure you install an unofficial patch as the game was rushed to be released and is a bit buggy .
as you may have recognized we all now get more energy through achivements .
serious question is that doing all the lost shit when i first unlocked it or am i just terrible ?
so i just completed alpha sapphire and the delta episode what legendary do you guys recommend me to start sring for ?
having a lifestyle and i hugely hugely hugely emphasize the word lifestyle that facilitates healthy eating .
because a diet imply you will be off the diet once you have your abs .
i 'd like to see a tier 1 level prize pool tournament with tier 2 teams kinda like starladder 11 i think it was .
i shall heed your advise whenever i skip out on those surveys .
i provide ed oil for all of us eh until the recent oil crisis .
that was a direct link to leaked alpha footage and that is still under nda .
the rest is pretty much covered with the new videos .
when two machines have same ip in your network you get same error .
lil darrel say what up he dont ever seeu no more more how yo girl is ?
can i somehow only have your raiframes the one for healer ?
i have both the sw200 and the rx200 and the ex is the better mod by far .
it 's more ergonomic better battery life obvious really i know and is n't a fingerprint magnet like the sw !
i 'm talking about the rich dude that keeps parking in no parking spots .
but i honestly have no potty for a poor person who reaps the consequences of raking in a no parking zone .
and of course in typical kings fashion you 'll wind up trading away a klay thompson/ray allen/reggie miller .
i actually preferred running at night back when i lived somewhere safe enough to do so .
i have a small led bike light i clip onto the back of my collar .
my old city had a lot of cyclists and there were a few near misses .
turnbull made it illegal for companies to roll out their own fibre when tpg started making plans for it .
because apparently it would be too serious of a competitor to the nbn yet i thought nobody really wanted fibre according to turnbull ? ...
my quick view is sell the property and draw down is their a stamp duty concession even if possible as otherwise you could be up for stamp duty
the reason these people believe these things exist is because they believe the authors of the bible believed these things to exist and the bible for them is 100 true .
to be clear true and descriptively accurate are not the same thing .
so if the authors of the bible believed demons are real then they are real and we must vote cruz trump 2016 to make the gays illegal again and save houston tx from being katrina 'd by god .
well that just comes from animus and bigotry it is clearly against the word of the bible .
i 'm serious and it has nothing to do with gays .
the bible repeatedly has god saying that if the people are good he will bring rain and if the people are bad he will bring drought .
so by the bible those hurricanes ca n't be punishment from god .
i do n't know why you 've been down voted he 's pretentious about it but using dat '' instead of that '' does n't automatically make him any less intelligent .
i thought it was meant to represent his soldiers getting fucked
another gigantic '' dinosaur that will consume a tribes entire day to tame just to possibly get rekt by another trolling tribe !
then sometimes you 're allergic to the sight of them .
the fat man was n't the cardiologists patient so there was no issue of confidentiality .
it 's believable because they have actual cars with working doors rolling around right now being tested .
they just did n't get them from this company .
so you 're saying that he is a walking infinite improbability drive ?
lol you nailed it in one it was mint .
lisa was brand new to give you an idea how long ago this was .
that was the distro everyone on the internet said was good for noobs at that time .
but the hardware was not new it was probably at least 3 years old .
i do n't know any linux nerds irl had to figure it out myself .
then i figured i 'd check out other distros so i spun up a virtualbox with arch just for giggles .
i found some old laptops at work and tried installing ubuntu on them but they were too old and could n't really run it well .
i 'm just gon na go ahead and say it i 'm of the opinion that os x is the best nix system .
i obviously have n't tried em all but i do n't have time to tinker like that anymore .
i 'd buy a laptop that came with linux if somebody like red hat was behind it so it 'd be supported by someone who was n't me .
if apple would just put os x on the ipad pro ...
fleet marks are now eligible for daily bonus marks boxes .
btw i just killed a eelektross last week using earthquake trihard
at least this is the one great thing about the region-wide unique names if they end up having to merge servers later the only issue should be clan names i 'm assuming those are n't unique as opposed to potentially thousands of overlapping player names .
damn it i bought heavensward for 75.95 aud a couple weeks ago and now it 's half price .
what i was thinking while watching the 4th odi vs india is where 's the fast bowler ?
sure you had hastings but he was only getting up to 140 and not very often .
it 's a shame that at least starc cummins pattinson or hazlewood at the very least ca n't play .
dieser thread wurde an einem anderen ort auf reddit verlinkt .
it 's like people find it hard to understand that heroes from the pages of comic books are open to different interpretations .
most seem to want the superman they grew up watching and that oh-so-wonderful marvel humour .
which works do n't get me wrong but is a serious movie really that bad ?
superman has never been on the nose funny neither has batman .
i loved mos the action sequences were well done .
and all the complaints about superman are going to be addressed .
that 's well thought out character development if you ask me .
you say that normal sex with your wife makes you lethargic and you ca n't find your words .
but you still conclude that semen retention is worthless ?
what you experienced clearly proves that ejaculating is the biggest problem .
seriously though we need some electoral reform to stop this from being the norm .
it 's silly that whoever gets the largest minority of votes gets the majority of power regardless of whether they 're conservative or liberal .
a lot of shows have about 20 episodes per season .
breaks are expected but most shows also have consistent schedules as in new episodes are shown every week when it 's going on except during mid season breaks and season finales to next season where there might be a couple weeks or months of straight no new episodes .
we should loan him if we are n't giving him first team play
wow how cool i 'm so excited to have you on our side mx bill gates !
perks killstreaks high mobility no dedicated servers lack of pc mod and script support smaller time to kill less accuracy based unlocks .
all things introduced in later cods that were considered a different fps genre .
after a famous german nazi politician was killed the intire village of the murderes was killed .
there 's a sub where you can post funny latino shit .
just double checked and that song is n't on spotify .
he can add abstaining as part of his stack '' as it were if he wants .
many people have said not fapping has helped their hairloss .
maybe it works for some people and some it does n't .
just like fin does n't work for everyone or does n't give everyone side effects .
if it helps someone 's mental wellbeing that 's important too .
fighting '' a natural sexual urge '' wo n't hurt neither .
yet people arguing against socialism seems to have no problem using russia or china as examples..
now i have to get a fixed and practice that stuff too .
she 's at best half as pretty as any of them .
or a way to drum up youth support and pr ...
a bunch of youtube celebrities coming to a discussion on something they have no formal qualifications on ...
he has no role at that discussion other than to put out tweets like this ...
the active users text does n't say x suggesting holy brimstone ''
ibe will still get plenty of game time coming off the bench which is what he 's best at for now .
if i had to guess i would guess homemade waffles
arsenal because my dad hated arsenal with a passion and that was passed on to me i cant stand to see them win and then next city because i used to live right next to maine road and alot of them were racist cunts and left fucking beers and kebabs all over our doorsteps its a shame they still arnt a piece of shit club my dad used to have a city supporter friend and he would cry when they lost hahaha..
i think all-new has a ton of crossovers with ... another ongoing x-men series .
get a young girl who is excited about the thought of doing some modeling bring her to an exciting place that she normally might not have gone to get her distracted by the excitement of being there having fun going to the beach and going shopping then if she says she does n't want to participate in the shoot tell her that 's fine but she has to pay you back for the hotel flight to bring her out that she has to pay for her flight back home which they would say would be thousands of dollars even if it was n't they just drop a big number that is unlikely to be an amount the girl has available to her at the time .
they take advantage of the situation the girl is in she 's alone in a big city she does n't know and now has a decision thrust upon her to either do x or go home and pay thousands in order to be able to do so .
i would imagine they do n't give her a lot of time to think about it either .
op i 'm sorry that you were put in that position especially the aftermath .
i know the actual shoot itself must have been awful but how it 's altered your life since then is unfair and i hope you 're able to have a normal life beyond it .
i am kinda dissapointed that sugita has almost no lines in the ending .
i 'd love to hear his singing even though it sucks .
it was indeed a challenge with flyers put up over the city .
assuming he 's answered one of these flyers he 's directed to a large rock in central park .
a few years ago i came home to a large heavy package addressed to me .
i opened it up to find a very nice child 's car seat .
i have no children and neither did the three other people i was living with .
no one knew where it came from or why addressed to me .
when i saw the thing retailed fir over 300 i even called the company in an effort to get it to the right person .
no money had been taken out of or charged to my accounts .
so they said i could just ship it back to them if i wanted .
i gave it to my roommate to give to his preggers sister instead .
i had to take a few injury and illness related breaks too and experienced this once or twice as well .
first you may get rid of a lot of mental garbage '' spooking around in your head when you take a break .
with a little distance things get clearer more sorted out .
also you may be very motivated to get back into the action .
last but not least your body heals during the break gets adequate rest .
so do n't be to sad about a break now and then even if it is a forced one .
i saw your comment pop up on my thread and just saw this now d trackpad is lots of fun to play aswell i used to play trackpad in college wii-controller for fun xbox controller with friends tablet as you saw a few days ago is there even any other odd way of playing except for a wheel ?
je peux pas m'empêcher de trouver cette lettre assez bandante .
surtout le utilise-moi pendant le temps qui te convient '' .
probably tunis otto allied so he went to india to conquer it .
i did the same thing in mamluk run was easily able to beat otto in tech force limit because of the cash you can get from india persia also westernized by taking istria from venice .
otto me mamluk were best buds till 1600 then they turned hostile
i think his point is that in all of the yogscast they 're the only channel making content that 's just them having a regular chat it 's totally real conversation with no regard for youtube or being entertaining and that 's what makes it enjoyable .
it 's not always laugh out loud funny but it 's always enjoyable .
stereotype for my country is smoking weed wearing wooden shoes drinking beer while picking up flowers .
my oldest friend does similar kinds of smithing work and is considering accepting bitcoin for precisely the reasons this guy might .
try googling for all the reasons why bitcoin is really useful .
we use most of our corn domestically right now .
oh wow pros are acting like dicks man noo who does that ?
we need jimmy in here to tell us if its an ad or not .
the poor masses are demanding wealth redistribution because they are in dark times already .
in many of their minds they probably feel it can only get brighter and are thus ready to try something new .
hi i do n't have togepi but i added you i hope you can add me back !
do you get to the cloud district very often ?
man this whole city is like three streets everyone 's been there .
ah ok that explains a lot i do n't see enough of buzzfeed to have noticed this ...
i know i got about a 100 replies telling me so lol
if you have to learn a new keyboard i 'd say why not go all the way immediately ?
we 'd be migrating from azerty in any case so that 's not a big benefit .
i already start looking for some good lesson/books and im not kidding .
dont worry theres probably scores of people who are starting to think/write/say could of '' or would of '' due to its increasing usage .
alcuin gets the last spell played so he knows exactly what it would be .
if it was a shadownova he would have done it ...
i take 16 packs i have 6 packs that i use on my zmr and my 155 and then 10 more little 3s packs for my airblade .
the clutch king best na support/clutcher/teammate approved by numerous sources ''
srsly stop using these kind of quotes this game is not about roles or classes however much you 'd like to force it upon players .
you have someone who 's better than everyone else with awp you have an in game leader and that 's fucking it the rest is players who should be able to perform with awp rifle pistol whatever .
she 's in at least one more episode and the way grant talked in interviews it sounded like there was room for something to be done with the relationship going forward .
happened at the us already with tomic getting him in 5 .
whilst i understand why i hope you guys have knowledge of the following it 's an important part of our history and our relationship with real .
it uses mango nectar but if you want to use fresh mango would n't making your own homemade nectar or puree be a workable solution for turning it into ice cream ?
being a huge far cry fan the top comment boils my blood .
aristotle and dante discover the secrets of the universe https www.goodreads.com/book/show/12000020-aristotle-and-dante-discover-the-secrets-of-the-universe
i have a books for gaybros https www.goodreads.com/review/list/33089228-limivorousarbour ? shelf=books-for-gaybros '' list on goodreads .
i lived in bucharest which reminded me a lot of philly .
2 hour drive to the sea amazing midevil castles and mountains to the north with skiiing .
cost of living super low and real estate is a hot market .
yep let 's make anything other than infantry completely irrelevant .
i just dont understand that everyone can complain about this game on a daily basis i have so much fun and never feel the need to flame others or hirez .
they have given this glorious game and constantly update trying there best to keep us happy and all i see is plz hirez guardians op cnt kill or mm so bad got matched with some pros and they dumpsterd me im so sick of it play and enjoy or fuck off
i want some nice ass m9 's so send offer or add mens and go fast
ok so i need to get a new laptop .
i have a macbook air 11 inch from 2010 or 2011 .
its worked great and still does but its not as good as before and the keyboard got fucked up due to having a dog that likes to jump on the table .
anyways the mac i have is still working and will be used by my wife for her cintiq tablet and corel painter since she doesnt need a keyboard for it .
i was offered by a friend a macbook air 13 inch brand new bougth for the bf for christmas then cougth him fucking another dude so he offered it to us for 700 usd .
should i get the mac for 700 or would i be better off building a pc for the same price ?
this is probably the wrong place to ask but just so you guys know i am not great with computers and i loved that the mac was so easy to use but hate features like non removable battery and price .
so what do you guys recommend for a computer noob ?
i will not be using the computer for gaming or anything like that i just want a good quality computer as i bougth a cheap one last year 200 usd and regreted it dearly
also if you recomend building a pc can you point me in the rigth direction ?
i refuse to pay the 10/mo for youtube red .
this thread should grow into a collection of music from symbaroum players that they see fit for playing along at a symbaroum session .
my throw into the ring is 'omega massif ' a unfortunately-not-existing-anymore german post-metal band .
their complete instrumental albums are about mountainsides mines and deep dark places of the earth .
i like theamazingatheist the most and his podcast is funny .
paul 's ego do n't do many videos of his own anymore but he 's great too .
i do n't really like the more serious people .
what bike s do you ride and what do you ride in ?
i 'm looking at upgrading my bike soon once das is passed and looking at getting some form a touring adventure bike .
thought i might get me some new gear also soon and it got me thinking would a tourer rider wear leathers ?
i decided to finally make the jump and level a healer i choose disc priest which has been tons of fun .
last night i ran stratholme sg and i noticed the tank was taking an absolute insane amount of damage in some instances 50 hp/sec .
he was n't in full looms but he was wearing some .
it frustrates me endlessly because he refused to cut back on his pulls and i ended up oom over and over again .
he kept saying mr healer '' and mr healer i am dying '' but seriously some of it i literally just could not heal through .
is that kind of damage normal for a non-loomed tank ?
in earlier dungeons i had tanks completely in leveling gear and they still took less damage .
combination of designer 's notes and how could i have forgotten .
for yesterday 's release of the broken blade in pyramid 3/87 low-tech iii .
shields are a bit problematic with tbb because they have too much of one stat and another is strangely absent .
i fix this shields will be splintered shields in the broken blade http gamingballistic.blogspot.com/2016/01/shields-will-be-splintered-shields-in.html
i have to get an u/a pretty frequently so i have a lot of pictures .
has anyone seen anything cool done with u/s pics ?
psionics the powers of the mind a power that is naturally yours .
this is something one does normally think fits better in a cyberpunk or high future setting and i agree mostly but i also feel it works in a fantasy setting as well .
well i feel it is a bit misinterpreted as in it is still treated as psionics by being called psionics and of course its named that because that is what it is but it should not be viewed nor named that when used in a fantasy setting but rather something else .
what i feel psionics always have been is a different version of ki powers or chakra or the power of your own mortal soul channeled through your mind as in your concience .
psionics should not be named psionics it should be named spirit or something along those lines i feel .
now the reason why i like psionics before divine or arcane powers is because psionics is not something you pray for or manipulate from outside its your power when the wizard has spent his magic he is empty when the cleric is done he has to pray more but the psion ?
he is still psionic not game wise so far but i will get to that i think .
now to get to my point i think that whenever they introduce psionics into d d next i hope to see them create a psionic class where they are the class with the weakest '' casters but they always have the ability to call upon it but they get tired from it its like a supernatural extra arm which they train and use .
my thought is as follows i think that divine magic should be the most powerful '' by itself but also most linear and rigid you can cast this spell '' but it cant do anything else and you can call upon this power only this many times per day so i feel divine magic is best represented the way it is with spell slots .
wizards and sorcerors better fit with using the system psions have been using as in with power points where a wizard have this much magical energy everyday and spend it however they like .
i think they should have supernatural powers that kinda work as skills and that they instead of having spells or powers per day they get tired as in they get strain points '' or something like that and if they get too many they might fall prone and unconcious .
so in short what i would like to see is divine the most powerful '' by itself but also most rigid '' arcane more freeform but harder to master and psionics the least powerful '' but gives you the most utility and freedom of usage .
that and psionics are misnamed it needs a new name for fantasy settings to better fit in .
i have a 26 inch sharp 720p hdtv i 've had since 2007 and an hdmi cable .
what is the best reference level and color space for it ?
i have it on 1080i standard and rgb right now .
i know every tv is different and that i should experiment but i 'd appreciate if someone could eliminate some choices for me to make it easier .
also what is the difference between auto and source ?
i wonder what our purpose is as a species .
everything on this planet seems to serve a purpose but us .
insects so small so fragile yet plentiful and very significant in our ecosystem .
could be to serve as food to a spider or to spawn a new generation of its kind .
yet none of these insects seek more than to survive as long as nature would allow .
these creatures never imagine a visit to another country they dont aspire to collect and maintain any sort of wealth other than what it stockpiles for survival .
insects are simple by themselves but complex en mass .
humans want lust steal torture deceive and kill for things that serve little to no purpose for survival such as money .
we hold shiny and attractive material things over the things we or others use to survive .
most would let a homeless man dig through the trash to eat a half eaten and moldy piece of food then to grab a few cans or extra food in the home and make sure that man eat a clean good meal .
we hold ourselves high with ideas like if you were to give him money he would abuse it on intoxicants that most people who work use as well so we pass on by and deny him our change .
yet no one returns with food to remove the option of purchase variety .
how many people dream of traveling around our planet for fun ?
of that small amount of succeeding individuals i can safely assume the success of most was created by a landslide of burying debt and unfavorable circumstances on a mass of less fortunate .
we are the only species who seeks more than just survival and we are willing to end the survival of another to get that .
we seek to see know own touch taste explore and discover more so what is it we are supposed to find ?
what place or thing or idea are we supposed to gain ?
put here like bacteria in a test tube to determine our race as purposeful or destructive .
are we to save this planet or destroy it ?
what i dont understand is why we destroy each other when clearly we prosper more fruitfully when the whole of the race is cooperative .
i feel that we are here to better ourselves and our planet yet we are firmly headed in the opposite direction .
if this continues we shall surely dig our planets grave and put a large caliber bullet right through the head of our race burying them side by side while our corpse rots and our planet slowly suffocates .
with the amount of skin we can show would n't it be cool to have custom scars as a separate texture on the body ?
i would love playing as rico wearing white dapper italian suit or clothing from jc1 .
i really like forcemaster so far only i think i will struggle in pvp
so essentially i have been wanting to gm savage worlds for quite some time now and currently do n't have a dedicated group .
one idea i have been toying with however is gming for my brother for a solo session/campaign/thingamajig .
i was wonderig if any of you have run solo adventures and what you did to help things go along .
i am a relatively new associate and i have been trained to work the service desk .
today something suspicious occurred and i 'm wondering what my next course of action should be .
i did a card cashing service for a young man who wanted to withdraw 800 .
he slid the card on his side and i 'm pretty sure he used a pin number .
there was some time that passed and i completed several other transactions throughout the course of my shift ... . moneygrams money orders card cashing check cashing etc ... and then another gentleman came to use the card cashing service for 500 ... .. but i recognized the card was the same card that was used not too long ago by the first young man .
i immediately asked the man for his id which he could not produce and he left and i did not complete the transaction .
i had a gentleman come to my register way earlier in the day and he used the card cashing service as well .
he slid the card on his side and put in the pin the same way the young man did ... . and once i put all the pieces together ...
i 'm fairly certain that the three gentleman are somehow connected and were all using the same card .
the card cashing service does require you to put in a pin to withdraw funds right ?
i was under the impression that it does ... . but let me know if it does n't .
i also asked about the msar forms which i learned about in the cbl 's and not a single person in the building knew where they were ... . and most people did n't even know what i was talking about .
the msar form is a way to report suspicious activity .
... and i managed to find one myself off of the wire .
i also informed my csm about the situation and asked her to look up the transaction records if possible in the smart system for the register where the transactions occurred since the transaction number would make things easier to track the suspects involved in the fraud ... . and she could n't find anything ...
idk if she just did n't know how to look or what
so ... .. should i talk to accounting tomorrow and tell them what happened ?
is it even worth filling out an msar report if i do n't have any transaction numbers or id 's for any of the suspects involved that 's leaving over half of the form blank ?
i have the form half filled out ... . but its missing some pretty vital information that
1 i will never get because the suspects are long gone
2 i ca n't get ... since the transaction records are unavailable without escalating this to either ap accounting ... . or maybe a csm who knows how to use the smart system properly .
so this girl invited me my friend and his friend to her crib .
i know him but i 'm not that cool with him .
so after we are all high as shit i ended up getting her snapchat .
she was like i hope your not asian from the waist down . ''
tl dr power cable ca n't reach over longer graphics card to motherboard .
what is a good small graphics card the size of the gt430 for under 150 ?
everything is housed in a large thermaltake case which was what i could afford at the time and liked .
if i use my xfd hd radeon 7770 graphics card 1 gb of gddr5 ram then the power cable for the mother board is not long enough to reach so i put back in an older geforce gt 430 card .
should i simply buy another case where the power supply would be in a better position allowing the use of the larger card or does anyone know of a better card that is the size of the gt 430 ?
i could also buy another power supply where the cable is longer ... but i 'd rather put the money into improving the system .
i 'd like to keep things under 150 ... and even that 's pushing it .
if there was a smaller graphics card i 'd be fine with a 2 gb or less one but i do n't wish to purchase a new power supply and a new graphics card as i 'd be just fine with the performance of the 7770 .
da inquisition is the most demanding game i play on the system and it runs on the gt430 just fine for my needs/wants .
using a 720p television running at 1360 by 768 .
i have a samsung un55hu6840 tv and a denon avr x3000 stereo system .
so if i connect an hdmi between both devices i can get audio i.e .
my pc if it 's hooked up via the tv through the stereo correct ?
i was thinking about using an optical cable originally but arc sounds more advantageous .
near the end of the dialog achilles presents crab with the following musical piece
from crab 's reluctance i assumed that this corresponds to a statement in tnt which is of indeterminate theoremhood .
out of curiosity i have attempted to translate this statement to more natural notation and come up with the following
i have not taken any classes of this sort in very many years so i have probably completely botched that notation and will attempt to express it in english as well
for any natural numbers a b and c such that 2a b c there exist no natural numbers d and e such that 2+d 2+e is equal to either b or c .
this statement appears to me to be easily proven to be false with a counter example of a b c 4 d e 0 giving 2·4 4 4 and 2 0 2 0 4 .
as such i expect the piece composed by achilles is not a theorem of tnt and crab should easily be able to identify it as non-beautiful if played .
this conclusion however is very unsatisfying and so i must instead assume that i have made some error along the way .
i sadly do not possess the skill nor the patience to try to derive achilles 's piece in tnt .
searching google for the piece did not lead me to any elucidation on this topic .
but snow in arkansas http imgur.com/g1dricn.jpg is always cause for cheers !
the beer is a simple kolsch/blonde recipe i brewed a little while ago .
ask for help in the daily thread https www.reddit.com/r/svexchange/search ? q=flair 3adaily restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all feature=legacy_search or look up other checking threads https www.reddit.com/r/svexchange/search ? q=flair 3acheck restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all feature=legacy_search .
my tsvs 1710 https redd.it/424610 as 3301 https redd.it/4247m5 x
feel free to leave a comment if you need help with detecting your tsv/esv .
please check my status at the beginning of this post and register my fc before posting .
it may take up to 10 minutes if i 'm online from pc or 1 hour if from a phone for me to notice your comment .
it must be caught or hatched by you or else the tsv will be invalid .
it will be released afterwards or traded for the next tsv pokémon so do n't send any valuable pokémon .
i will trade them back in the same order as they were received .
i will be offline while checking this is required to dump my save and to transfer it to my pc .
or pchex this site http tomatoland.org/dada/pkmn/sv to convert trainer pid and sid to tsv and egg id to esv manually if online from phone
so if i take these characters in aq i should have perfect block team if my block proficiency is maxed yea ?
also i hear witch debuffs all buffs so does this mean mini boss colossus will not power up so quickly ?
what 's up y'all we are a couple of musicians from tx looking for some shows to attend while in la .
dm me if you know anything between now 01/21 sunday 01/24 thanks in advance for the heads up !
some of the items you need to have at your disposal while packing things are boxes cartons blank newsprint papers wrapping sheets bubble wraps padding supplies scissors packaging tape marking pens labeling stickers etc .
these days a lot of cardboard boxes suppliers sell decent quality cardboard boxes .
sometimes when i get really high i 'll write poetry this is just one of the poems i 've written .
i wrote it the night i got out of rehab and was speedballing .
i know it is n't the best so no negative criticism please !
i ask myself if this madness will ever come to an end
giving heroin my entire body and soul i always come running back to its magnetic pull
watching the blood rush as i pull back the plunger
i feel the grips of addiction take me back under
i know all of the consequences but i no longer care
my eyes become glazed over my face a lifeless stare
allowing it to take over my life until the very end
even after all it 's put me through i ca n't stop using still
i 'm still in love with this drug despite all the brutality
a toxic relationship that 'll take me to an early grave
no matter what it 's still all that i crave
so hard to give up but it 's something i must eventually tackle
because i 'm so sick of being cuffed and shackled
i will have full collectors and storages and as i intend to go th9.5 i will upgrade lab sf and cc first .
question is what would you upgrade in the lab first ?
i love to war and mainly use laloon golaloon and goho .
i usually brush once a month or sometimes every week .
i have had i think 4 fillings and i have a few more cavities .
also one was removed because i was missing a baby tooth or something like that and it got a cavity and another when i was a little younger because i was in so much pain .
my teeth are n't really in pain except one .
my gums are looking red and there is a white line on some of my teeth near the gums .
i 'm going to brush everyday and use mouthwash and maybe floss every other day .
i 'm going to a dentist as soon as possible which could take up to a month or two .
is there anything else i can do to make them better or repair them at all if that is possible ?
i want them to look nice and be real i do n't want dentures .
this is pretty close to what mine look like but a little worse in some spots and a little better in others
it 's minimum wage but i am excited about the experience it has to offer especially for when i apply for graduate school .
i start early february but i am worried i will jeopardize my job by going out of town march 26-april 13th ... i had this trip booked before finding out i was hired .
how should i proceed about notifying my new employer ?
so from what i 've gathered from the podcast about invention https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=6veznxzcaoo and the nxt+invention stream
augmenting a weapon then leveling it up to 10 and then destroying it will yield a big chunk of invention xp
i believe the number thrown by moltare was 300k-ish ?
if you choose not to destroy the weapon you will get considerably less xp cost of being gp friendly .
only draw back is that getting the components is extremely rng and time consuming to gather enough plate or chi .
i will be stoked if this is a viable option to train the skill p
i feel my thong slide down my legs and arch my back enjoying the cool breeze on my labia as he guides the little slip of silk down my legs and off the bed .
another hand grazes my stomach and hips before settling lightly at first but with increasing urgency on my waxed sex .
my best friend 's face swims into view in front of me as i kneel back onto my heels spreading myself for the gentle fingers .
but '' i gasp as she teases my labia and clit again taunting my wetness you 're ready . ''
her lips tease my neck then down my shoulders before settling onto my nipples .
i can feel his massiveness against my ass now almost surging with power as my best friend spreads me wide for him ... .
horny and want a threesome with a hot girl like my best friend and a huge cocked stud .
i would prefer a bit of backstory and buildup show me how well you fuck her while i watch make me sext him while he 's out with you have him pull his cock out under the dinner table ... boys welcome but girls jump to the front of the line .
i feel like gays are more open to friendships with their exes but how ?
im the one who decided the whole lets be friends '' thing but its like i still have resentment towards him .
and one day its like i hate him then the next im like okay shit happened move on then i start missing him and feel like crying .
how do you guys deal with seeing your ex ?
and how do you guys deal with break ups ?
all i new beforehand was that it starred gene hackman was directed and written by coppola and was generally well-regarded .
needless to say i was utterly blown away and my lack of knowledge certainly added to the experience .
i absolutely love the first two godfather films but it 's highly probable that this is coppola 's finest achievement .
compared to his other works it 's much more restrained and criminally under-seen .
it follows harry caul a lonely paranoid surveillance expert who becomes personally invested in his work when he comes to the conclusion that the couple he has been spying on is in grave danger .
warning if you have n't seen the conversation i strongly suggest that you stop reading .
it 's an utterly fantastic film and i recommend that you see it as soon as possible without reading into it at all .
it 's what i did and it was much more powerful because of it .
anyway i was very impressed and it gave me lots to think about so i was hoping that we could have a discussion about it .
hackman does a fantastic job of conveying his character 's emotions in a way that is n't forceful or shouty .
this aspect of the film offers a lot to unpack and analyse .
not only is it aesthetically pleasing but the visual storytelling is among the best i 've seen .
the placement and movement of the camera frequently and effectively reflects harry 's feelings .
one example is when the camera repeats the same closely framed circular motion around harry as he is trying to decide whether he can open up to meredith .
this dizzying and repetitious movement represents his dizzying paranoia and uncertainty .
another example is when he is in the crowded elevator at the director 's office .
the camera confronts harry 's face which exhibits clear discomfort in a jarring intrusive close up .
harry feels his personal boundaries being invaded and the first chance he gets he quickly moves away trying to escape the camera 's cold gaze .
considering that the film 's plot revolves around audio surveillance one would expect the sound design to play a significant role .
one thing that i found interesting was how the lines during the titular conversation are heard differently throughout the film as harry tries to piece it all together and interpret what is being said .
i read that multiple versions of the lines were recorded with slight variations to put the audience in harry 's position of trying to decipher the dialogue .
also a lot of the film is very quiet and subdued which made the loud moments so much more effective .
the scene where the bloody hand slams on the glass was so unnerving and unexpected for this reason .
this section is more open to interpretation as it is n't made clear whether harry 's apartment actually has been bugged .
harry strips and practically destroys his apartment in a vain search for the bug when he fears his security has been threatened .
the only thing he leaves unscathed is his saxophone which is also the only source of comfort he has left .
the final shot shows harry sitting down and playing the sax as the camera sweeps from side to side .
one possibility is that the bug harry 's fierce paranoia made him imagine the phone all and the bug .
the panning movement of the camera in the final shot also implies that the camera itself is inhabiting the role of a camera planted in his apartment .
the scene in which harry searches the hotel room quite frankly scared the crap out of me .
the aforementioned scene where the bloody hand drags along the glass genuinely terrified me .
i had to pause the film to recollect myself .
then a minute later i was treated to blood pouring out of a toilet .
feel free to discuss any aspect of the film you want !
as the title said what are you guys using to record ?
im personally looking into starting recording some of my games because its so sad when you miss amazing moments like for example adding a new exemplar to your montagne zoo .
i 'm trying to figure out the cost for a cl 9 staff or wand of magic missile but have it use two charges per casting .
i ca n't figure out what the cost is with 2 charges consumed .
h st ak-47 elite build mw buyout w 1 key and other skin priced at 1.3 1.5 trade url https steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new ? partner=143796665 token=ffggiwor
i know yandle is the big name being thrown around for a trade .
and i know some people are saying kreider hayes stalberg and some others could be on the block as well .
but does anyone think any teams in the league would be willing to give some of the more prominently underperforming guys on the squad a shot based on their performance in years past ?
i know we all hate g staal and glass right now but they 've all had flashes of greatness throughout their careers .
do you think given the right pieces any teams out there would take a shot on them ?
yes i know they have ntc/nmc clauses but if they were given a better opportunity on a new team that believed in them do you think they would go ?
not meant to be a crazy thread more of a late night musing .
have you read the sidebar and rules http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/rules ?
hey gang this build is replacing my core 2 duo 2.6ghz e6750/gts 250 1gb/msi p6n sli from 2007 that has received a few upgrades to memory and gpu over the years .
modern webpages are chugging and youtube videos are a little choppy sometimes .
i 've gotten into digital audio production and would like my computer to handle plugin-intensive daws with ease so i 'm starting with an i5-4690k .
i am trying to figure out whether to go haswell or skylake as well given that the i5-6600k is only 30 more .
i know it 's a tired concept but how much more future proof '' is the 6600k and ddr4 ram compared to the 4690k ?
is it worth the 50 premium for the chipset/mobo at this point in time ?
should i wait on this build altogether for prices to come down ?
also could i go for a cheaper processor or since i 'm building a system that i would like to last about as long as the previous should i just buy the best cpu/motherboard for this generation ?
if gaming what kind of performance are you looking for ?
i must admit that i have n't kept up with modern gaming mostly because my computer ca n't handle newer games .
i 'm interested in playing the witcher 3 and fallout 4 at medium-high settings with playable 50-60 fps .
my monitor supports 1920x1080 but i might be interested in playing with the resolution at 2560x1440 to see what the hype is all about .
i 've selected an r9 390 available for 274 which based on my research seems like an excellent price for the card .
i do n't have a strong interest in playing modern aaa games but that could change with this card .
would it be prudent to go with a more modestly priced option or should i splurge on an actually capable card for once ?
in the past i 've had an 8600gt 512mb and upgraded to a gts250 1gb with some light overclocking i 've had decent gaming experiences .
maybe it 's time to treat myself to a higher tier of card .
is the 390 8gb a good card to jump in on this generation of gpus or can i make a better choice here ?
post a draft of your potential build here specific parts please .
http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/pcpp do n't ask to be spoonfed a build read the rules !
pcpartpicker part list http pcpartpicker.com/p/6fxdgx price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/p/6fxdgx/by_merchant
memory pny 16gb 2 x 8gb ddr3-1866 memory http pcpartpicker.com/part/pny-memory-md16384kd31866x9 purchased for 0.00
storage ocz vertex 4 128gb 2.5 '' solid state drive http pcpartpicker.com/part/ocz-internal-hard-drive-vtx425sat3128g purchased for 0.00
power supply evga supernova nex 650w 80 gold certified fully-modular atx power supply http pcpartpicker.com/part/evga-power-supply-120g10650xr purchased for 0.00
monitor asus vs247h-p 23.6 '' monitor http pcpartpicker.com/part/asus-monitor-vs247hp purchased for 0.00
as you can see i 'm saving some old parts from my old pc including the monitor and ssd .
i have also already bought the psu for my new build partially in an attempt to see if my old earthwatts 500w psu was bad .
one factor steering me towards the haswell/ddr3 is a 16gb kit of 1866 memory that my brother has leftover from his own build so i wo n't have to buy a nice set of ddr3 for myself .
is the msi z97 pc mate a decent enough board for overclocking and overall stability ?
sorry for any rambling thank you so much for reading and your consideration !
i 'm not normally support but at times i do help out with support related issues for people we share office with .
a somewhat confused request to see about her computer trash .
it had disappeared and she thought she 'd be able to search for it in the start menu but it did n't appear .
so we walk over to her desktop and minimize the windows covering the desktop .
and then we wait a bit as windows refreshes all the icons from cache .
and then we wait a bit more watching the movement of flickering icons travel across the desktop back to the top and down again .
turns out that yes the bin is there right where it should be .
because the desktop is full full enough that windows is placing icons on top of icons on top of icons in a jumbled mess that ... .
then back to my trusty unix systems i went .
i completely agree with gnome3 and the decision to not allow icons on the desktop .
anyone know whatever happened to the hype video/trailer for i think ti3 that someone made which was basically some clips over the sound by tnt 's basketball commercial ?
https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=q2j2tmsvtn0 i thought it was pretty good but ca n't find it .
do you only increase the weight at the end of the 5-week cycle of all exercises ?
or can you increase the weight of exercises which you can complete fully and leave the weight the same of exercises where you fail ?
i 'm 6ft 3 on my squats should i still be going down below the knees or is parallel sufficient ?
what 's the best way of doing calf raises ?
i tried with 25kg dumbbells in each hand and could go for quite a bit more than 8 reps .
i do n't think i could hold anymore than 25kg each side though it was pretty painful on my hands !
my lower back is a little achey on most of the exercises is this normal ?
my form is correct back in neutral position etc .
i figured it 's just because i have weak back muscles slouching etc .
or do the 3 x 2 warm-up sets suffice ?
as for post-workout i performed the stretches in this picture http besimplemassage.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/505708409aea9503df92a3e7f6920571.jpg anything else i should be doing ?
first time poster here please forgive me if i 'm out of line ...
i stupidly/naively ordered the 12 month cloud mining contract from bflabs back in april of 2015 whyyyyyyy and yet the instance i paid for seems to have been turned off for at least 9 days now .
further i ca n't access https cloudmining.butterflylabs.com since chrome is giving back an ssl certificate revocation '' error edge windows 10 is not loading it and firefox is refusing the connection to that website .
i e-mailed their support line a week ago to see what was up with no response .
i 'm probably doomed but i wanted to know if anyone else was in the same boat as me .
i have recently purchased the above mentioned probe and have currently no idea how to even begin wiring it or coding it .
any and all help would be so much appreciated i will even gold anyone who can help me solve this issue .
it 's a very important task i want to finish asap but i 'm so stuck and running out of hope .
i am using an arduino uno to control it .
typical hours on usually after 7pm weekdays and all day on weekends .
i see few questions asked over and over again so i decided to drop the info that i keep repeating in 1 post hopefully some one will stick this for the new comers and returning players as it seems as of late we have plenty of both
there are few types of expansions in the lotro store single expansions and packs .
my suggestion is that you wait for a discount that we regularly get and buy all expansions in a bulk with a 50 75 discount .
this will make your quad pack with regular price 40usd down to 20usd for 4x expansions moria mirkwood isengard and rohan very cheap and that is a lot of content and helms deep again from 40usd down to 20usd .
i highly suggest you wait for expansions to drop on discount usually spring/summer/autumn/winter have heavy discounts on everything follow steam as well usually they have that to a week or so or at the same time when the lotro store has it .
first expansion starts at level 50 so by that time you have few options
option 1 grind your way with turbine points and buy territories when they go on discount in the lotro store with turbine points for about 400-500 turbine points each territory that you need like evendim that is 30-40 and misty mountains for example from lvl 40-50 by that time you should have enough turbine points for each territory by grinding turbine points its not hard its a bit time consuming and if you have a friend you can grind them super fast sometimes even higher levels need those deeds for the same reason or just to have them so dont be shy to ask in world chat
option number 2 that i will personally suggest in order to safe time and get some extra goodies is go vip for a month or two this way all non expansion territories are unlocked for you and you can go freely level up stack up on some turbine points from deeds and from the vip it self 500 month and go wherever you want freely until the first expansion .
now after you get all expansions and you reach level 95 there are no more expansions .
lotro has taken the rout of guild wars 2 or maybe they slipped in to maintenance mod not enough staff/money to build expansions nobody knows but that does not mean the game will end soon the game has few good years of life ahead and maybe even more look at ddo .
what i am talking is that each year we get a new mini expansions '' or few areas for example dol amrot pelargir osgiliath and minas tirith were all added separately and they are all big territories with a lot of quests and a lot of stuff to do .
in the past two years we got roving threats big world bosses in eriador and in gondor we got two 3x man instances and one 6 man instance and we got the bigg ass city of minas tirith with addition to two more big cities like dol amroth and pelargir we got a lot of content to be honest we got essences we got the legendary weapon system re-work few instances and skirmishes were fixed and of course few new big battles .
so what i am saying is that there is a lot of content and there is more to come like the 12 man raid cluster that is coming later this year and the new pvmp map .
again here you have the rout same as above option 1 grind your way to buy the territories during all expansions you surly would get a lot of turbine points or go vip and get all those areas for free .
by being vip you get everything unlocked in the high end tier getting free turbine points id suggest this way but not everybody wants to spend the cash so its understandable .
legendary weapon system has been reworked as well you no longer have to level up the whole weapon and spend points '' on specific skills only you have now all the skills and you can add tomes that you buy with marks and meds with roving threats marks or a lot of differed tokes like dol amroth or others from instances to level all those skills .
its basically a grind system but not a bad one and recently everything has been discounted so that helps to in a way .
star lit crystals are purchased with merit big battles reward from the auction house or can be won true the in game rotary .
the system is pretty simple and on top of that all can be purchased with a lot of turbine points if you have the quantity to spend .
essence and essence gear how and where to get soon .
ps if i missed something i will try to edit in the future but feel free to with comments and i will add it in the post for the new players and returning players to see and understand .
pss for help more information in game help or advice feel free to hit me up on laurelin server on characters storby or definnel i am always glad to help .
i have my internet running from provider to juniper ss5g firewall which i do n't have the login/password for .
one was created a while back by the person who installed it .
from juniper to ubiquiti toughswitch 8 port to ubuiqiti ap 's throughout the house .
the problem i 'm having is a strict nat type on my playstation .
any help with solving the problem or a firewall that would work would be greatly appreciated !
i mean i want a damn cook on my ship .
eric p. kaufmann http www.bbk.ac.uk/politics/our-staff/academic/eric-kaufmann author of the rise and fall of anglo-america and shall the religious inherit the earth ?
has made the lectures of his course on nationalism at birkbeck college university of london available for download .
they can be found at his personal site http www.sneps.net/comparitive-nationalism-and-ethnicity-articles/nationalism-course as mp3s or alternatively as podcasts through itunes or soundcloud https soundcloud.com/eric-kaufmann-472908310 .
kaufmann is perhaps best known on the deep right for his respectful exchange with kevin macdonald on the issue of wasp decline in america after macdonald reviewed the rise and fall of anglo-america in vdare and the occidental quarterly http www.academia.edu/15303282/eric_kaufmann_s_the_rise_and_fall_of_anglo-america .
so i saw a post on til or dataisbeautiful ca n't remember saying that 1 of reddit has 50 of the karma give or take .
this sounded very similar to wealth statistics in individuals and i feel it kind of reflects the workings of most market industries like there 's only a handful of big companies in each area and then a bunch of small players that fight for the scraps .
at the same time it sort of reflects what goes on in elo systems or competitive systems a handful of committed skillful players dominate the top echelons while most people are in the middle of the bell in an elo system they have nothing to concentrate .
even in the videogames industry in each genre there are 2 or 3 games that dominate each scene with a bunch of smaller players orbiting around .
what is the mathematical name for this type of race towards concentration '' ?
but i 'm not sure it is what i 'm looking for .
i 've been considering an upgrade from my trusty t3i for a while but only recently thinking about it more seriously since i have a few shoots coming up that could benefit from a more modern camera .
a few things about my situation i 'm pretty much committed to staying within the canon lens ecosystem .
i like the lenses i ca n't easily sell them all off and it 's what my network of borrow/lend videographer friends use .
second this camera is for side gigs/for fun projects so i ca n't afford to throw more than 2000 at the most and that would be stretching it .
it would be really nice to be able to get good use out of a new camera for 2 or 3 years at least .
i 've had my t3i for close to 5 years now
third i would use this camera for both videography run and gun event documentary style and for filmmaking so the challenge is finding something that can handle both .
the frontrunner in my considerations is the gh4 with a metabones speedbooster which i believe i could find for about 1500 if i hunt/wait for a deal .
my concerns with this camera is the relative age to newer offerings and the fact that i would still be stuck with a dslr form factor rather than a more video-centric layout .
my pipe dream-but-too-expensive wish would be a c100 mk ii .
built in nd filters audio etc would be wonderful but i simply ca n't justify the expense being that i do n't bring in enough work to pay it off in a reasonable amount of time .
and the lack of 4k and slow motion capabilities bother me as well especially for the price .
flipout full rotation viewfinder love the t3i in that regard
expandability durability quality to last at least 2 years without being super out of date t3i has done quite well for being 5 years old !
still only camera with the killer x3 crop feature that i 'm aware of
aps-c sensor as close to average super 35 film as possible
good menu system easy to use reliable easy to use with canon/3rd party lenses
4k is not as important to me yet but realistically could be very valuable in the future so it is a factor .
body image stabilization would be nice to have but lack of it is n't a dealbreaker .
sorry for the long post i 'm hoping to hear from others that have gone a similar route i 'm sure there 's a few !
and if there are any new/different cameras other than the gh4 that i might have missed that hit the points on my wishlist .
edit maybe i should say the reasons why i want to upgrade from the t3i too since i do still like it a lot .
codec quality and resolution is getting very dated the camera really only holds up in the best shooting conditions .
slow motion options 720 60p is just out of date in comparison to new cameras .
i recently bought a house and noticed in my garage the attached pictures http imgur.com/gallery/g47kr/new it appears as though one of the previous owners attempted to wire the house for ethernet ?
i 've looked all around the house and i 've found a lone jack that appears to be for ethernet not surprisingly in the bonus room almost directly below this rig the rest of the jacks seem to be your typical rj45/phone line ports .
any suggestions or advice on what to do with this equipment would be greatly appreciated .
i 'm actually in it but not really a networking guy and it 's been a few years since taking those classes ! .
the house was built in 2004 for reference although to me it seems pretty clear this was added afterwards .
have n't really played any pen and paper for the last ten years or so .
for those unfamiliar with it it 's a one-session adventure starring premade characters by whitewolf set in the chronicles of darkness as mortals .
anyone with experience running either mortals games or specifically anahm that can give me some nice tips ?
looking for some good online texts to explain the creation of racism in america .
his plane just yesterday flew from vegas back to san diego .
your guess is as good as mine what do you think he 's doin today while we sit on pins and needles waiting to hear if we have a football team in 2016 .
my money is on making the help act out scenes from braveheart whilst rubbing lard on his exposed belly .
i guess i 'm just looking for validation that i 'm doing the right thing for both of us .
or if anyone has been in the same situation and solved it i 'd love to hear about it .
so i adopted a really great border collie mix named arrow from a local no-kill shelter not too long ago .
i had a bc mix when i was in college who i did agility with and was really looking forward to doing it again .
arrow is the perfect dog for it obedient high energy always ready to learn more .
as you can well imagine arrow needs a lot of exercise and stimulation .
it took a week but we finally settled on 1 hr obedience 2 hrs of fetch 2 sessions and a 5-mile jog .
later we 'd add agility once we got some basic training down .
if arrow does n't get enough exercise or mental stimulation he shows signs of depression and stress .
lately i 've been struggling to breathe during our outings .
i 'd had this problem before on rare occasions but had never thought anything of it .
anyway to make a long story short i found out a week and a half ago that i have exercise-induced asthma .
my pulmonologist told me that sometimes this happens to people who have allergy-induced asthma which i do .
he thought it showed up now because i started doing vigorous exercise every day instead of two or three times a week like i normally do .
he thinks i could go back to doing some of it after several weeks of low to moderate activity .
we discussed treatment options and the cost of the extra meds would eat up my monthly dog budget .
when i told him i 've been using my emergency inhaler 4 6 times a day instead of once or twice he got alarmed .
i 've tried wearing a dust mask over my face to keep the air i breathe warm and wet .
i take a puff of my inhaler 15 minutes before we start .
i also tried adding more fetch even though that is winding me because i get no recovery from activity at all .
i do okay on our walks so long as we walk at a moderate pace and take hills slowly .
as you can imagine this is n't enough for a young border collie mix .
poor arrow has been such a good boy throughout all this .
he 'd have every right to be a terror .
for his sake i think he needs a home where the people are healthy and active .
for my sake i think i need to take him back before i have an asthma attack .
a small lower energy companion dog like a toy poodle is what would be best for me .
somebody already offered to connect me with a reputable breeder so i could get a puppy or even an adult that just makes me feel like i 'm betraying arrow .
he 's not a product that can just be replaced you know ?
oh here shelter person please take this dog back because i found something better . ''
and if i have to return him do i even deserve an adult dog let alone a puppy ?
however in writing this i realize i 'm thinking more about myself than arrow .
it 's all about how i feel what i want how i want to be perceived .
maybe that 's because i feel there are other options that i just ca n't see .
and yet arrow 's pacing around my condo doing the full-body stress shake .
if i take arrow back to the shelter he 'll get adopted within a week probably less .
he 's a mix that 's very popular now .
he walks well on the leash full heel knows all his commands etc .
he gets along with just about everybody including cats and children .
he does n't get on the furniture or jump on people .
in short he 's the dog everyone hopes to find when they go to the shelter .
lvl 175 demon avenger got decent gear 340k buffed 200k clean doing 2~4m lines is it decent for my lvl or i should start farming meso for days ?
i know this is a general issue and happens in multiple reddits but it does not have to be that way .
for those who do n't know usually when a noob like me posts an honest opinion on counters balance or strategies in general it get 's downvoted to oblivion instead of corrected .
i understand that noobs with no clue how the game works can be annoying but instead of just flaming them you could tell them something that corrects their misunderstandings .
i myself suffer with anxiety towards posting because every time i post an honest opinion it feels like people stop reading and go into aggro mode when i tell i am in silver league .
posting would be fun but nobody wants to get blamed when trying to express oneself .
also if everyone would be nice to our noobs the playerbase could grow since people in reddits can learn and understand the game by talking with people in reddit .
i say i will not i will not i say if
i not say will i will i not say not
say i not will will i not say not .
say i will not if i will not say .
i will not say if i stay not i will
stay i will if i will say i will not !
only say i will not stay i will not stay .
anybody know who the brunette on the left is ?
so something i noticed especially right after a restart for an update is windows wo n't boot all the appropriate services and programs that normally should boot up .
it just loads the notification center clock and the battery and just stops there .
i do n't see anything else in the tray .
anyone know what the source of this issue is ?
computer is still usable to an extent but it causes issues like how i disable my touchpad when my mouse is plugged in .
it seems most of the posts are civ4 and 5 was wondering why not a ton of the newer one .
oh yeah and by rocking i mean 250 fps i love dem shaders
you can use other emulators separately from retroarch but i like that i can browse my entire collection in one app and that i can configure controls overlays and shaders and set it to take effect across all cores .
to me it would mean that they have tried off the shelf parts found what worked and did n't work and are now creating a headset with custom pieces to fix issues they discovered in the building process .
edit and this is n't me saying one is better then the other just what i think building custom parts would mean .
i just put my snow tires on after about six months on my super sports .
there is a little rear end shimmy coming through the chassis but the steering is dead straight .
my tire pressure sensor says that the tires need to be checked either do to the cold or sitting and deflating a bit but i tightened them down last night with a breaker bar and checked them this morning to make sure they were still snug which they were .
1 are the tires just breaking themselves in again after sitting for so long ?
2 are the tires just under inflated after sitting for so long ?
in her pov chapter it 's revealed that you 're at least partly right all her tricks with fire early on were just tricks using various chemicals to colour the flames and stuff but later on she has real powers as magic is returning to the world again .
and her visions are definitely at least partially accurate she sees the battle on the fist pf the first men for example ... and the shadow babies are a pretty neat trick
its about how naive kids are for idealizing that lifestyle by showing what really happens .
actually cherry street made a shutdown stout 14 for the snowpocalypse a few years ago .
the packs appeared in the open packs '' section an hour or so later .
unless posting baseless claims of trollish nature counts as that fun part
you 'd see why this is wrong question to ask
if you see a click-bait title in question form the answer is likely no '' or the question is n't answered at all .
the point was the article used a click-bait title a question that did n't even get answered .
the discussion i was trying to have was not about the article but about the click-bait nature of the title .
i ca n't speak for the whole defensive unit but i can assume there was n't enough studying and execution to be consistent .
the squad is simply too loaded to stay down .
bogdan 's ginger fuzz does n't seem to have much of an effect so i 'd be cautious although if he can attain the standard viking length then i certainly feel it is worth a go
just start to play maya around lv 18 done the fly sanctury quest only
girls with shorter vaginas it might not be as bad .
this comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user apos s privacy .
it was created to help protect users from doxing stalking and harassment .
if you would also like to protect yourself add the chrome extension tampermonkey https chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo or the firefox extension greasemonkey https addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey and add this open source script https greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite .
then simply click on your username on reddit go to the comments tab scroll down as far as possibe hint use res http www.redditenhancementsuite.com and hit the new overwrite button at the top .
also please consider using an alternative to reddit political censorship is unacceptable .
he had a really great period at liverpool where he was just such an incredible threat .
then the whole dip in form and move to chelsea was just painful to watch .
i recall a game against man utd where he missed an open goal and another where he passed up on taking a penalty .
he just looked deflated and defeated a lot of the time became a laughing stock .
i really felt for the guy at the time i really wanted him to do well .
imagine literally walking up to someone and announcing i fancy you ''
all those rune guides and suggestions people give are based on early/mid/late game .
what points on the game are they based on ?
when is a good time to swap over to a midgame runebuild etc
yeah so does pretty much everything else if you get too much of it .
i do n't know if it 's technically allowed these days but i used to take my kid to feed the ducks at forest lawn cemetery .
cracked corn only which is cheap and can be purchased at any pet food store .
i find martial arts to be the best remedy .
disicipline to keep training to consider each movement and it 's application .
never accepting less then the best but always knowing you never will be .
i 've only started the redpill journey ... again .
i say again because i remember when i was 20 how this felt .
the liberation of being just me and not giving a fuck .
somehow i started caring more about what my wife thought and felt but as they say she is capricious and opportunistic .
just this morning as i was saying goodbye to them as they headed her moms to go skiing for the weekend a wave of melancholy hit .
guess it 's time to hit the dojo again .
i only started watching nxt towards the end of nevilles reign
when people see me with my niece and nephew they always ask me '' when are you going to have your own kids ? ''
there 's so much truth in this the thought of going out and finding new friends is as daunting to me as trying to start dating again . ''
once you 're out of school you realize how few organic opportunities there are to just hang out and socialize with other people you have to actively seek out a social circle and organizations/events .
it 's something that creeps up on you too you lose contact with old friends and acquaintances over time you do n't go to social gatherings as much anymore and one day you realize that there aren't any social events and you have n't seen your old friends in months/years .
i had n't even mentioned b12 because it is an obvious one but there are plenty of other health reasons to eat meat .
many people just do better with meat in their diets just as many people do better on vegetarian vegan low fodmap and various other diets .
everybody has different genetics and should experiment to find what works for them .
most vegans believe that killing animals for food is wrong .
we need to accept our place in it not try to place ourselves above or outside it .
what we should all share is concern for the wellbeing of all life especially animals .
they should live a happy life without suffering and their death which is inevitable should be as painless as we hope our own will be .
that is certainly possible but not the norm in the current food system .
true paleo not the 95 bacon paleos you read about in the press and vegans are a lot more similar than we are different .
we could accomplish more positive change in animal welfare together than apart .
yeah it 's on my list of first things to get if i end up choosing the vive .
if we could travel at the speed of light and everyone did it it would just look like everyone was standing still .
were you at all spiritual when you were practicing martial arts ?
perhaps because you were just thinking about how to defend yourself against different attacks this put you in a negative fearful state .
if you were practicing these martial arts but also had a spiritual sense within you maybe you would have had a different experience .
i 'm a pretty spiritual person and find spirituality captivating .
for me the martial arts would just be a part of who i was whilst still maintaining my spirituality at least i hope .
i think if i began to sense a big ego appearing and emotions like fear aggression etc i would re-evaluate what i was doing .
one of the reasons i want to do martial arts is because i do have fear anxiety and all the rest of it at times .
my anxiety has greatly improved over the past year or so but it is still apparent to some extent at times .
i 'd like to think that doing boxing or something will put me more at ease and increase my confidence maybe .
i also need to become more disciplined i feel and i 'm sure it will help with that too .
for me it 's about fitness self-defence and helping me to overcome the fear that i sometimes carry with me .
just made me think of small game hunting with my shotgun .
if i dump off all 3 shells in quick succession it is actually a pain in the behind more often than not to find all 3 empties .
i mean they 're colored and it 's not like they flew 20 yards in different directions but it still takes time to spot them and pick them out of debris leaves etc .
i wish they 'd just make the things the loudest brightest pink or something .
why does it matter it was an all 'white ' jury ?
in fact why does it matter that his victims were black or that he 's half japanese ?
an opportunity rapist in a position of authority was caught and tried .
revenge would be if he was tried by his victims and raped as part of his punishment .
i have never heard of this type of scheduling .
from my experience the classes and schedule are usually determined by the department administration and then the most senior faculty get to fill their schedule first .
the remaining courses are then filled with part time adjunct faculty .
lol count my upvotes '' ... like the person who kicked you out gives a single care in the world about your upvotes .
it actually speaks more to your character if in this hypothetical situation you would
2. complain about someone not wanting vaping in their house to them .
3. turn to the internet to bitch about not being able to do something you want to do in someone elses house..
i 'd want to keep you out of my house after hearing about that too not because i give a crap if someone vapes but because i do n't want to be around people who have no concept of respect or basic manners .
i am not sure what i like better to go clear base or painted one but the shape of those look better than the ones i have seen .
i would n't take your word on a balanced view .
your obviously skewed opinion of the project ruins any credibility with that .
keep telling me it 's a balanced view though ...
when an r/trees post becomes a physical poster in the real world .
welcome and thanks so much for the honest post .
i understand that you 've made some mistakes in the past but now it 's all about putting together a plan to deal with today forward .
being open honest and humble will help you to get through the tough part this morning .
what combination of activities will become your sober plan of action .
we 've all been there and are rooting for you .
what he said was n't serious at all it should n't be taken as such ideally it should be taken as a bad joke .
your point is n't missed on me though i just think it 's poorly thought-out .
you have to think who you 're making your point to .
maturing as a species is an entirely abstracted concept i do n't think we understand it in the same way either so i really do n't want to muck with that for now .
we should n't ignore this at all not even treat it as a sad fact alone but it has its place and that place is not in jokes or in the image of anything generally like the manner of japanese swordsmen instead it has its place in an understanding of historical anarchy and other studies of society .
personally i enjoy a romantic view of history because without it history just does n't have a narrative it just has a timeline and without the narrative we only get facts of the time and not thoughts or dare i say !
however i do agree but want to expand on your point no one with any appreciation for history or even human decency should find it cool to joke about things that are obviously reprehensible in regards to historic characters and their actions .
edit dark romanticism is probably the genre best used when dealing with our well darker side .
some of our most classic fiction is dark romanticism and it 's a genre i personally believe might see a revival .
it 's really not as good as people make it out to be .
it 's one of the worst anime directed by hideaki anno .
it has way better characters better art and a better story .
i 've got a chicken coop roof that looks like that .
but that 's because i asked the local lumber yard to keep any shit bundles of shingles for me did n't matter the color .
if you paid for this op it 's not good .
fap to sexy r/cyberbooty gynoids r/robosexuality despite having few prospects in life and because i have virtually no social skills aside from what i do online .
currently there 's no news/updates yet on whether government has decided to cut down on scholarships .
unlike malaysia where they have suspended the scholarships for now https www.malaysiakini.com/news/327638 .
but from my experience of attempting to apply a scholarship myself back then the process/system is flawed biased and discriminating .
no pill you are describing has the effect you have described .
we 're just relaxing waiting for contractions to get closer together before we head to the hospital .
we 'll always joke about how we all should be getting another degree .
but no since we are n't required to do work for the classes if anything it 's for personal growth .
what would be nice if you culd ask the local band of kids if they have seen this or that in the region .
apparently davis guitars penisula sells them although i have n't been there .
all the gameplay you can find on youtube is from the xbox version .
it 's safe to assume that we will have some higher resolution and a little bit less fps drops .
he 's saying that arabs believe that westerners are superior to them .
it does n't mean she 's a shitty doctor but getting that hammered causing a scene like that and assaulting someone does n't scream competency .
not too long now until it 's going to be released !
fingers crossed that at the end of the finale in the credits there 'll be a 'rwby volume 3 soundtrack out now ! '
can personally confirm that sacre cour is a shit hole .
spent my honeymoon in paris and that entire area is swarming with begging refugees ball and cup games and those bracelet fuckers .
watched a naive american couple get pickpocketed while the wife had her ring stolen off her finger in another variation of the bracelet game .
the string is wrapped around the ring finger and wrist and the scammer says it 's good luck blah blah and then after he blesses '' you he pulls the string off and your ring with it .
i love paris and have gone back many times but do n't go to sacre cour .
spend time in other parts of the city and enjoy a good meal and wine
feedback welcome at r/image_linker_bot disable https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=image_linker_bot subject=ignore 20request message=ignore 20me with ignore me '' via reply or pm
while i agree pen and paper rpgs are the pinnacle of nerdyness .
now i 'm not an expert but it 's my understanding that two in the torso one in the head is the mozambique double tap https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/mozambique_drill . ''
it should n't take more than a minute or so to start xbox fitness
i used to skate a bit with my neighbour and he 'd swear by waxxing the middle of the deck to help it grind better keep the paintwork .
however if the favour concerns public policy it 's no longer a favour that can be given it 's not the person 's favour to give .
i do n't mind when ambassadorships are given to people owed favours .
i do n't mind when less-critical appointments are returned favours as so long as the person is qualified see bush and fema .
however when your favour undermines democracy or gives a bad deal to the public then you 're being a shitty little rat .
this is fucking awesome i will for sure make this a part of my new item .
i slept on em when they came out and every time i saw them at any store but i happened to visit my hometown and dropped by a hibbett 's sports and they had em for 104 and i could n't pass it up .
of course black infrareds would be an instant buy if i ever found those in store .
there are people who sort by new on okc and mash the f5 button just like we do on here .
i ca n't stop listening to too many zooz .
i 'm so thankful i always had my medicine with me whether the school liked it or not .
i 'm pretty sure that i ca n't stop him from showing .
i 'm also pretty sure i ca n't change the locks without serious repercussions .
i will definitely try to get my lease though .
majorly sketchy thing from the second floor two of the girls did n't even sign a lease .
love the positive spin you two put on op 's dig on destiny .
niddies are somewhat rarer in k-space because they do n't really have the tank compared to archons/chimeras .
however they make fucking awesome wh triage carriers with a bit of bling .
look at all the toxins that were in there !
seems like they both could be bitches in two different senses of the word .
thanks for letting me know i 'll get it up asap .
yes although a more appropriate analogy would be decriminalizing crabs while keeping little wooden mallets illegal . ''
i think you need to sync it using this button http nuangel.net/newspix/xbox_controller_sync.png
your post appears to be trading related and has been removed .
these types of posts are best suited for r/csgo_trading or r/cheapcsgotrading .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/csgo if you have any questions or concerns .
i would love to see it nerfed but i 'm not sure how others have suggested on this subreddit that lmgs should have higher recoil while standing which would definitely even the playing field somewhat but i feel this might hurt the mg36 enough to make it completely useless .
is the speed of light faster when around high gravity ?
was the early universe much more dense than it is today ?
if the gaps between the strings in m theory are smaller would not light conduct faster from one to another ?
it 's actually already in the mk wiki https www.reddit.com/r/mechanicalkeyboards/wiki/wasd_design_templates second from the top .
edit i wasnt really expecting this thread to get any attention
it 's the same water that you use in the shower .
it 's so easy to overlook taylor 's vocal ability because of his drumming but goddamn did he do that song justice
i remember appreciating and respecting condit 's gameplan at the time but being utterly frustrated with him regardless because i did n't expect that from 'the natural-born killer . '
that 's the thing about being an mma fan .
it 's easy to appreciate the technique and skill involved in mma but at the same time certain fights just are n't as entertaining as others .
oh i understand what you see but i do n't think it 's universal .
that being said i wo n't deprive you the chance to gush about bb
knock me dead man why do you ship bb ?
without speaking toward the sensor and never shot a d3xxx series camera i 'm going to assume it 's similar but updated to my old d40 .
the d3xxx series is targeted for the consumer market .
it 's a great camera and you 'll get the same images as you would from the equivalent d7xxx series .
the d7xxx series would in my opinion be considered a prosumer '' body .
you do n't have to go through menus to adjust most of your settings like iso .
it 's weather sealed and has a focusing motor required on af lenses that do n't have a motor like the 200 50mm f/1.8d a great lens for the price .
i 've had the d7000 and have shot professionally with it for a few years .
i 've upgraded to full frame a few months ago .
if you want to do a lot of photography and learn about manual settings go with the d7000 .
you 'll outgrow the d3200 in a few short months and will hate having to go through all the menu options to change the simplest of things .
if you want to just take great photos and looking to save a 100 the d3200 is a fine camera and wo n't disappoint .
nullgalaxy i heard something of skype calls about you .
i think i 've seen your name on emotes before too .
i rush shots like crazy just so i can get off the line and go anywhere warm .
my heart could n't say no and walk away from her in that sort of condition .
i 'm not an animal rescuer but i just could n't understand how someone could treat an animal so badly .
i prefer not to break everything into separate scripts and use a single controller script but that 's preference .
if i need to do anything over time on other scripts i use this asset https www.assetstore.unity3d.com/en ! content/50796 .
i just have n't put any spoiler or the spoiler flair in the title on my last few posts and my friends thought i should so i decided to this time .
personally i consider the throne itself being a boss a spoiler which is why i put that in .
i wish i was n't so lazy and provided some sort of video or gif with this to make it less of a quickly made shitpost of useless information .
if there is one thing you should get out of reading this sub it is to stop caring about your rank .
also when you say you are beyond furious then go on to say you dropped 3 divisions in bronze you sound really childish .
i do n't know about all the nationals competitions but i 'm almost certain the last one was fake .
there was too much hinky stuff going on with the scores like kalani somehow placing 1st in duets/trios they completely cut out kalani and mackenzie 's solos from the episode so they at least edited the episode in a misleading way and the management was so unprofessional that i find it hard to believe a legitimate nationals competition would run their event so poorly .
i 'm sorry raja but violet had only one meh '' look if you want to call it that way .
she also had the confidence and knew how to sell each and every one of those looks .
raja had that messy christmas outfit she made it with crappy materials yes still messy the awful outfit and hair for the makeover and that creepy makeup for the cake outfit while her panties were showing .
violet hands down has had the better overall looks ever in the show .
raglan road at disney springs formerly downtown disney hands down .
also chefs de france at epcott is simply amazing as well .
those two are our favorites when my wife and i go .
no i have n't heard of goon squad or snow goons .
if you plan on getting slammed by 30 inches tonight i recommend lots of lubrication .
more specifically stp motor oil available at your nearest retailer or auto shop .
one a more serious note grab a copy of this http ecx.images-amazon.com/images/i/51t5vxcyttl._sx425_.jpg or any version for that matter and play it huddled around a coleman lantern .
winner is forced out of the house to survive the blizzard as everyone else is either passed out from boredom or sulking around full and being salty about building that hotel on boardwalk .
5/5 sold me an octopus chair for a great price and even gave me the qr code to her dress !
overall a great mayor whom i 'd definitely would trade with again !
god has the money if you are willing to go .
most full time missionaries raise money and prayer partners to support them .
you should see if your denomination has a missions arm and what openings they have .
they will probably help you with resources to raise money or may even have funds already set aside .
i think it really hurt to have eps 3 4 pirated after syfy had pre-released ep 1 .
syfy did the best damage control they could by releasing eps 2 3 and 4 .
but the ratings bump everyone was hoping for with ep 5 barely materialized .
after so many weeks i think a lot of people forgot and moved on .
your hp is really low and you have no shield susano is n't enough for you to survive kali nukes .
you 're going to get fucked sideways by parvati dq hera and the kalis .
i have no idea why you 're thinking about arena at that rank with a team that is n't even fully leveled nonetheless .
i 'm going to go out on a limb and guess that most of your bastet team is n't max skilled either .
bastet is n't all that viable for arena without courage green puppet and even then it 's pretty sketchy .
once your team is fully leveled completely skilled up and has several 297s that 's when you can start looking at not running arena .
even at that point you 're going to need good rng on your side to even finish a run .
it 's based off of the portal 's attack power i believe .
queen 's 'we will rock you ' https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=-tjyn-eg1zk is a traditional part of us culture .
the 'we will we will rock you ' bit is traditionally chanted at sporting events such as in this scene https youtu.be/evz8ul2ydma ? t=22s from mighty ducks 2 which then segues into the actual song .
dang i used to play this game some time ago and really like it .
i 'm not muslim and i thought those girls were disgusting and should have been fired .
your account does n't have enough karma to qualify for giveaways .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/electronic_cigarette if you have any questions or concerns .
for all the talk the necromancer is getting the wizard looks to be far more influential in the current meta .
it 's designed from the ground up as a high skill-cap hero with complete cool-down resets on a hero kill or assist meaning that it can potentially snowball teams hard .
it will be interesting to see how the community reacts and adjusts as there 's no real mage that can output sustained damage in heroes barring maybe gall .
i 'm guessing she wo n't be able to outburst jaina or kael but paired alongside a bursty assassin she could be a force to be reckoned with .
i 'm just happy she does n't have any stuns besides the ranged emerald wind ult .
this is the letter that was received by carla chase apparently the same letter that steven sent to tv stations today .
it was posted by carla chase on the fb avery/dassey support group .
unholy as it 'it ai n't natural ! ! ! '
because if so then i suppose it 'd fit .
got ta love the sort of coward like unotevil22 who makes inflammatory murder-inducing statements that are proven lies and then deletes the post but is now handing out posting advice .
you are thoroughly unqualified to ever tell someone how to behave online .
your multiple appeals to authority aside that theory is not an answer to the question as there are many monopolies that exist today despite the existence of all five forces .
at best that theory attempts to guess things that discourage monopolies .
nor what would prevent them in an ancap society .
theres nothing wrong with not having a best friend but if its really hurting you you should try some organizations that will make your time at university better .
there are huge social groups that you can follow within organizations .
my favorate is speech and debate because it helps me jump out of the closet .
you might be an awesome person and great company to have around but this makes you sound pretty un-fun .
i 'm going to assume the former though despite the evidence .
yea seems to only happen for me after a pick 6
vardy is more of a runner positioning and finishing screams poacher to me .
we play an attacking possession-based 4-2-3-1 with a lot of pace on the wings and attacking fullbacks .
we play from the back and it 's important that our cbs are good with the ball at their feet .
player by player we 'll start with the starting xi
cyle larin st canadian wonder kid set a record for goals by a rookie 17 .
really our only consistent threat in front of goal .
he 's a target man and ca n't really create for himself yet .
but even if he 's in a tight space he 'll unleash his cannon of a leg .
the colombian took a while to break into the starting lineup but he 's a projected starter on the left wing for us .
he single-handedly picked apart the red bulls in our 5 goal win in red bull arena
kevin molino am he used to play the 10 before kaka arrived and now he 's been pushed out to the right wing .
he plays an inverted style really more fluid between the center of the field and the right swapping on runs with kaka .
he has the club records for goals in a season 22 in all competitions 20 league
cristian higuita dm he 's our 6 and is an absolute destroyer in midfield .
inter milan was looking at him before we bought him and he 's been a starter since day 1 in mls
darwin ceren dm captains el salvador and plays the 8 for us .
he 's still more defensive than box-to-box but can score from outside the area .
the ceren-higuita combo means we win the midfield battle most of the time
brek shea lb/lm former stoke winger turned fullback he 's one of the most athletic players we have .
had to play up top more with molino 's injury but he should be playing defense most of the year
aurelien collin cb former mls cup mvp with skc he plays with reckless abandon .
goes from being our best defender to our worst at times .
he came on at the end of the year but he really needs the right partner
seb hines cb was promising at boro but came over and was given the starting job after sean st .
his passing is decent and he plays conservatively and makes up for collin 's recklessness .
we 're looking to upgrade this spot but it 's hines ' job to lose
rafael ramos rb former uefa youth league first team all-tournament selection with benfica ramos could be the best rb in the league if he controls his temper and stays focused .
pacey has arguably the best first touch on the team and can dribble around anyone
joe bendik gk we just picked him up from toronto .
he 's competing with young earl edwards for the starting job
earl edwards gk only got one appearance in the open cup before going down to an injury late in the season but played lights out .
hopefully we see a lot more of him this season .
he 's talked about highly by the club and he will have every opportunity to beat out bendik
adrian winter am adds some speed to the right side of midfield .
good on the defensive end which helps when he 's playing with rafa and a decent player .
servando carrasco dm/am a good passer of the ball .
he can play anywhere in midfield but is most often depth at dm .
he did n't make many appearances for us and we wo n't rely on him too much but he 's a good player
david mateos cb came through the real madrid youth setup but never broke into the team .
eventually moved to hungary and was one of ferencvarosi 's best players which i 'm assuming is hard to do as a center back .
he 's easily the best on the ball of our cbs and is a really good 3rd option
pedro ribeiro st if you need a late goal pedro 's your guy .
his position is kind of fluid he mostly played striker but made some cameos in midfield .
really he could play am in a different system and had his best game for the club as kaka 's partner in a 4-2-2-2 .
great to bring off the bench late for some needed offense
bryan rochez st if he had n't been stranded in new zealand for two months he might have beaten larin for the starting job .
as it was he was out of shape and out of sync with the team .
when he finally came on he scored two match winners down the stretch for us that kept us in the playoff race .
his movement off-ball is potentially the best outside of kaka
luke boden lb/lm a fan favorite and former midfielder with sheff wednesday boden came to orlando at 21 and made the change to lb .
only he and kevin molino are left from the original city roster .
he was considered the best crosser of the ball until rivas burst onto the scene .
he could easily start at lb for us if shea was n't in front of him
tommy redding cb hometown kid and us youth national he 's the future on the back line for us .
i would n't be surprised if he 's our 4th cb this season
tyler turner rb versatile defender who can get forward but is n't great on the other team 's half .
made one appearance at cb in an emergency and made a lot of mistakes .
want him to make it but he 's got work to do
harrison heath dm adrian 's son and a good option to have .
turned down norwich and stoke to sign with us .
we 've been linked to a lot of big names but we 're really looking for depth now .
i think we 'll bring in 2-3 players that could make an impact .
our obvious needs are cb gk ? and depth in the midfield and forward .
the club thinks bendik and/or edwards are the answer at keeper .
but we need a veteran forward starting cb hoping for dante in the summer and both attacking and defensive midfielders
it 's under zero client terminals '' so it 's not just a stand .
some people in the comments give a good description of what this actually is .
how come hobbit was so much worse than lord of the rings ?
you do n't cower behind a phoenix and wait until one tiny mistake is made then end the game at 30 minutes .
camping was an incredible problem on the other map .
the new represent drops or any new represent pieces .
i have a friend http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198127707842 who would love a copy of this game .
i would love more people to play with and he has only played 1.6 a few times but really liked it .
i think he enjoyed it much more and felt it was an all around better game than cod .
they are jealous of the beautiful pool and its majestic fish .
ok it 's back on and at least the crash allowed me to buy a pretty good badged stephen curry amethyst at 100k and a james harden amethyst at 58k ...
hey there if you feel like getting some assistance you can check my profile here https dotacoach.org/rio and if you feel i 'm a good match to you we can start working together .
if you ping to sg server 2 it will show ping increase overtime
i just made peanut butter cookies the other day and they turned out pretty good !
i followed this recipe https www.reddit.com/r/soylent/comments/3fsudk/recipe_soylent_peanut_butter_cookies i did this with people chow instead of official soylent .
the first time i followed it exactly second time around i added more soylent this made for denser cookies .
i like my customers like i like my coffee i do n't like coffee .
brad nelson wrote an article on this it 's a neat thought experiment but probably not nearly worth it .
the series is still up on vimeo if you can handle the slow loading times .
i used to be able to tune out my dpdr because it was n't that bad but now it 's a lot worse and it 's affecting my quality of life .
i did n't get the hype with the destroyer either .
put one in the bag and i 'm part of the hype now .
even though i have n't done kf many times i use my raid pulse sniper and machine gun fairly often .
they are all good weapons imho and their reload perk is very handy .
as to the rewards before challenge mode came out i think most would agree with you .
people are capable of using google so by omitting information like that you only make yourself look like a liar .
https books.google.lk/books ? hl=en lr id=3shpbntpx2kc oi=fnd pg=pp1 dq=the+nordic+model+of+social+democracy ots=uewe1mmgrm sig=ovvthosfcjme5kuffb7kotc10uy v=onepage q=the 20nordic 20model 20of 20social 20democracy f=false
if we have a box labeled manly '' and a male does n't like anything in the box is that wrong ?
let 's just get rid of the label and like what we like and do what we do because i do n't want any other young man having to go through middle school and high school being called a faggot for not playing sports
my encounters with psychologists like carl jung and wilhelm reich have lead me to the firm belief that sexuality and human behavior is not necessarily tethered to sex organs .
biology and muscle mass is but the concept of what is and is n't manly '' is a spook .
and it 's a spook so pervasive that both feminists and misogynists use it unironically to describe the same stereotyped expectations of behavior .
this is all just a fragment of the disease that is behaviorism as far as i 'm concerned .
it 's harmful on a number of levels but more importantly it 's a demonstrably false projection .
i know how to defend myself from attacks thanks to a psychotic homicidal ex .
i 'm more independent though i 've recently turned 21 so that just comes with growing up .
i 'm now focused solely on self-improvement and achieving my ambitions rather than pandering to social situations that will mean nothing to me in a few years .
its pricey but if you can afford it you wont put it down .
and pretty much every other prominent flavor in between cereals and donuts .
treats is good pebbles donut is like an addiction in its own .
the pebble 's donuts e liquid by donuts e juice is their latest creation infusing fruity cereal flakes onto glazed donuts for a flavor that 's out of this world .
upon inhale is a rich buttery flavor that cascades along your tongue with fruity cereal and upon exhale is the freshly baked donut you 've come to love in the donuts e liquid .
p-u at local vape shop fell in love instantly .
edit honorable mention to raging donut for inspiring this juice.. just not quite delivered like the ladder .
the very reason they 're not adding swain is because he 's beyond their scope and learned their lesson with morde .
well things without brains do not alternate between conscious and sleeping states such as plants and bacteria .
funny enough this is only an issue in na .
when i played china bns they handed out money pots keys and unseal charms like everyone just won the lottery .
he tried to differentiate vegetarians from muslims by saying vegetarians do n't generally blow people up or murder people for drawing cartoons . ''
do you agree with his implied differentiation that the difference with muslims and vegetarians is that unlike vegetarians muslims generally do blow up people and murder cartoonists ?
if you go to mammoth hot springs on the north end of the park and you go into gardiner mt stop in at the blue goose .
i 've had pretty good luck so far so hopefully it continues !
japan is the most civil nation in the world .
im not good.. ive just had a lot of lag lately so the deranking really messed me up i was mge but not im gold 1
there 's a chance i should be doing this with a throwaway account i just very recently started a waitress job which for the record i 've really been enjoying .
i 've had a lot of service/retail positions and out of all of them the people at my current position really have my back .
this is the exact problem my partner and i have .
i do n't get tired or annoyed with arguing to me it 's just a process of figuring things out .
it does n't matter to me if it 's a big thing or a small thing it 's just a neutral process that i usually find interesting and enjoyable .
i 'm still trying to understand why it 's so taxing on him but i 'll probably never really get it .
he 's requested that i drop arguments more often and ask myself does this really matter '' which is actually really helpful .
i still really dislike having to stop debating something just because it 's not important '' but i can live with it .
that may be but i would think holding it in los angeles would be better richer target base and likely bigger venue to use .
op is the same guy who posted the thread about masturbating in a pool earlier .
driving with both feet is a valid way to drive.. obviously riding the brake is going to warp them and possibly light them on fire as well as prematurely wear them out .
i drive with two feet but i keep my left foot lifted so it 's not touching the brake pedal until i want to brake .
left foot braking cuts your reaction time down because your foot does n't have to move from the gas to the brake .
thats fresh i really love the skull ... alot of the gear i have has the ram skull
i am thinking that nobody wants too hear her and will go cook some pasta .
by the time it is ready she will be done and they will be nourished not only by the pasta but also by the delicious message that bernie serves up !
too many life options avalible makes many people confused about their life .
fang and claw and wheeling thrust are seriously sexy especially when you 're sliding around mid-animation to land that positional .
well the thing is we ca n't use any of our previously accrued sick days until we utilize all of our pto ...
source i 'm typing on my k70 right now .
edit i 'm a baboon who is blind to context
i 'd never watched a polish movie before and it was really good .
so any adult man who lived in that town during the 1930s-40s to the 80s ?
if someone i was seeing wanted a break to decide whether they wanted to continue seeing me i 'd probably save them the trouble by breaking up with them .
this was done pretty quickly and i did n't quite get the feeling of there being any like cushion to the bed but i hope you like it .
i 'm very much enjoying doing these by hand instead of my usual digital paintings .
my copy of catan will never be good enough again .
it 's slightly different from facility to facility but most like 99 of our paper taping is measured by machine .
sometimes there 's a machine that 's gone wonky and you have to manually select a length but in general even then you just press the button for the size of box you 're using .
it is n't that different from chinese shops on ebay .
as long as you keep your expectations low and do n't buy any big ticket items you should be fine .
basically most of the stuff has come as advertised .
about one out of ten items have been the wrong version of something and occasionally it just wo n't come at all but that is rare and usually one very cheap items .
we have gotten some cool clothes and the leggings she bought on there are surprisingly high quality .
my advice would be to only get stuff under ten dollars that you 're willing to take the risk on .
anything she has shown my above that price threshold i have been able to find on amazon prime for a few bucks more and sans the absurdly long shipping times on alli express .
i will say she has found dupes of makeup stuff that usually costs fifty bucks for less than a dollar on there it was shamelessly labelled as the exact same product .
i think the website 's general market is for ebay and etsy type sellers as well as counterfeit street and flea market vendors .
with les fusil terribles on psycojet the deathclaw does n't last 8 minutes ... or seconds
ok here 's my experience to give a bit of context to all this .
some years ago when i was pretty much clueless about sex and orgasms and all the rest of it thanks uk school sex ed !
he was n't my first but my previous bf seemed unaware that there was such a thing as a female orgasm and as long as i said i enjoyed myself nothing more was expected .
anyway my bf at uni used to get really upset that i could n't orgasm when we had sex .
i had never had an orgasm in my life and did n't know how .
i would try to explain that it was n't him that it was just how i was but he seemed to have a filter in his brain that turned everything i said into you 're not good enough '' .
so he would keep working away at it long after we had both stopped enjoyed ourselves and after a while it would start to hurt and i would have to ask him to stop .
and to him that would be like a double dose of you 're not good enough '' .
and this went on and on and on and nothing i said made any difference .
so to me there seemed to be only three options i could keep talking and have a permanently upset bf and never get anywhere not an option i loved him and felt terrible for what i was doing to him not talk and be in pain from him going on and on during sex or fake an orgasm .
and it 's a vicious cycle because he would be strutting around for days with this massive grin and if i did n't fake it the next time it would be even worse than before .
i suppose in hindsight there was a fourth option i could have left him .
but the guilt was crippling as i was convinced not being able to orgasm was n't normal and it felt wrong to dump him for something that was i thought my fault .
it 's not something i would do now that i know more about how orgasms work and what i need to do to get one .
i would also have less compunction about leaving a guy if he was refusing to listen to me about something so important .
but for young naive me it seemed the only thing to do .
tl dr communication only works if both people are doing it .
i prefer to just secretly shift player alignment if they do bad/good stuff .
if a neutral player is extremely charitable and i see him as becoming a good person i secretly note down an alignment shift .
the alignment on his sheet stays the same but his true alignment '' is different .
in 5e alignment does n't even matter anyway since classes do n't require alignments anymore and there are n't any spells to detect it either .
will you post a post with links to each stream ?
i just tried and it turns out the developer did upload an actual functioning game !
barefax has a free buffet almost every day as long as you buy a beer .
qualitest is the lowest of the low of lean .
it 's as much a symbol of status as it is to get high
it 's the lightest opiate there is it 's not supposed to be crazy .
combined with promethazine it 's a fun little drink that can have you slurring and stumbling while feeling pretty good .
if you 're in new york do n't talk to the guys trying to give you a copy of their album people .
his 👐 r 💦💦 kneas week 💪 arms 💪💪 are heavy theres vomit on his 👚 aready m👩0🍝ms 🍝moms🍝🍝 he 's ner😳v😳us buut on the surface he 👀👀 😐👀 and ready to drop 💣💣💣💣 but ! ❗️❕❗️ he k33eps 🔛forgetting what he 📝 👇👎 ⬇️ the whole ccrowdd goes so 📢🔊🔊loud📢📣 he opens hi5 😁➡️😩muth but the 💬 💬werds💬 wo❌❌ n't come 🏠 ➡️❌0ut he 's ch❗️oking how everybody 's joking n0w 🏧 novv❗️❕❕ the cocks 🕙🕞🕜⌚️ run out time🕒s ⬆️⬆️ over 😪 !
this might not be the best place for it but something that 's been bothering me about the piv stuff as posted on the wiki is that gender/sex is n't the only power structure in society .
to me it seems that class trumps basically all other power structures but race/ethnicity is also clearly a big deal across the world .
my question is would n't the same argument hold true for those structures as well ?
are interracial relationships also without true consent regardless of the sex of those involved ?
would n't a difference in economic assets also carry an implication of contract under duress '' ?
started late april last year i remember the taurus hoh happening about a week into playing and i have two .
meanwhile coworker who started august september has raki taor and praha .
people always say that so it ca n't be true ! ''
it 's inappropriate to dismiss someone 's story because she is not acting the way you believe a victim should act .
yes but the blue trinkets are like gp barrels untargetable by allies
one of the few people that said a boat .
do you need a costly product for a short duration ?
it 's funny how you do n't notice that were in the extend phase of google 's business cycle .
i ca n't do left click builds they drive me crazy .
all of my characters have at least 3 other buttons even if it 's stuff from items or 1 point situationals .
and then they nerfed skarner a few times and now removed runeglaive .
his early game is complete trash right now since echoes cinder and devourer all suck on him early .
oh and not having 5 cdr from masteries hurt his build too .
and for warrior to be useful after the early game you need triforce/gauntlet and having 2 damage items makes you blow up while runeglaive gave him a sheen and allowed him to just go full tank afterwards
dude me and my mk44 stand asides fuck people up in pvp .
can someone comment on what we can expect in philly just north of philly ?
some of the latest model runs seem to indicate 20-24 inches but i see comments that they may be overdone .
it makes sense storywise but its not as interesting to watch
yea i dont want that either as i said in my post
not even 6am and the connector is full of flashers .
while you 're in the area you can go to al-damashqui sp ?
grocery store about 3 min walk east on uxbridge and get 6 falafel for a pound .
good for wandering around and munching grab a container of hummus or mint-yogurt dip too !
i dont think thats the monitors problem but rather the pc one
i hope they continue this direction on the new one
it was meso bags that characters lvl 150 could buy for nx as if that requirement did anything meaningful since you can transfer mesos through storage to lower levels anyway .
it was in the patch notes for the reboot release update but i think they chose not to go in that direction before the actual update pushed so it was never really in game .
they did n't say how much would be in the meso bag just millions '' .
är det en halmgubbe att kvinnliga antirasister hotas med sexuellt våld av sverigevänner '' ?
with a kind of different approach i 'd rather have elon musk as president so that bill gates can continue with what he is doing now .
she has so little energy except for those few times her voice starts to get a little louder and louder as she says what she thinks the crowd wants to hear .
he is capable of rallying people and getting them motivated to fight for their rights .
once you hit the higher levels of characters like demise and hylia things get way harder as feats diminish to near nothing above that is the golden goddesses which are the omnipotent creator deities by lore so absolutely crush bayonetta obviously .
unfortunately we really ca n't say we know they nearly took over hyrule and it required hylia sacrificing herself to seal them away and a sword created by her before being enhanced by the triforce to actually kill but the same game pretty much states that the master sword makes fights unfair in link 's favour at least based off all ghirahim 's comments about how if you did n't have the sword he 'd happily and easily torture you until you break .
combined with the fact we get exactly one instance of seeing demise in action and that 's against said protagonist armed with the super ultra anti-evil sword that possibly grants in-game pseudo-plot armour so we really have no idea how good they 'd be without all that .
it 's quite possible demise could basically bat aside bayonetta by doing something like throwing them into a pocket dimension they created where magic works differently and it 's quite possible bayonetta can easily defeat them as her feats hit levels way beyond demise we really just ca n't know as demise has next to no feats as mentioned .
mexico is a sovereign nation and has requested the us stay out of fighting the cartels .
they have requested the us provide police training border patrol and police support in general which the us has agreed to .
or even a start sequence with your ship rising into the clouds ... and arriving at the idris in a very low orbit .
or even free flight with a marker to the ships parking position where it appears when you get close .
i just dont see them make even another even bigger hangar to park the bigger ships .
the new hangar for the starfarer looks as it i can hold everything sub-idris even an unloaded '' hull e wich gets probably loaded in orbit anyway .
t3ds with cruiser logi are nothing to be snarky about
fake and real are completely opposite so you lose the argument no matter what .
it would be fun for a couple battles but you 'd end up doing so much switching to try to game match ups .
having only 3 types makes the strategy way too straightforward .
because it would take so much code to implement for a relatively small payoff i would n't want to see them waste the time on it .
well do n't feel bad we 've all gambled on a fart and lost man .
i am ll318 and never managed to beat this .
i am on ps4 and will be home around 6pm london time .
i 'm going to assume this is a rhetorical question .
it 's a pity though because maybe this is the kind of question we want to be asking if we want to live in a world where men and women are equal and pick up artists have no influence .
i can offer u m9 marble 0,02 with blue tip
you just made me realize i need to use the cheetohs and aquafina characters as much as possible before gw2 comes out !
but travel should cost significantly less than combat especially combat going into rounds 5
i 'm surprised us virgins are as populous and/or not inherently disliked on okc as we often seem to be especially in my home state of oh .
truthfully the reaction i get from friends n family often leaves people shocked/confused .
the near lack of dating experience n bad luck does n't help yay stalkers .
these questions especially increase if knowledge/body size comes up in discussion i 'm not shy about discussing it .
followed by the ever classic i wish i was more like you '' or trust me i 'd trade places with you if i could ''
pardon me if i do n't believe people who tell me who/what i am is admirable ... while continuing to do the exact fucking opposite of me .
sex is overrated n worthless i wish i was like you n never gave it away '' says the various friends who continue to choose to have sex on a regular basis .
i 'd love to watch it being filled up to better understand the whole shape of it super cool though
if you 're gon na spout buzzwords might as well get them right .
the yield is high because the shares are down massively over the last year or so .
when i first saw you i thought you were half stupid but you have shown me to be wrong and i accept you are far more than that .
german here we 're either seen as fat beer drinking lederhosn wearing bavarians or as accurate unfriendly humorless cold engineers .
so when we see you as dumb fat loud uneducated patriotic spoiled brats that try to solve every problem with violence what 's the big deal ?
we all know that this is a cliche but cliches are fun .
so you 're implying that leaving a toddler alone at home is not an act or carelessness but a rationale act ?
i 'm highly curious if you 've done babysitting handled kids before .
you get continually cited for violating local airspace without having lodged a flight plan .
there has been many cases of woman helping pedophiles for either money or brainwashed 'religious ' reasons .
we took our daughter to australia just before she turned 2 so that was a 1 hour flight 14 hour flight and 8 hour flight .
we had 3 adults so the jobs were shared she was too short to kick the seat in front at least .
we used the ipad for awhile and then she really got into this micky mouse video on the inflight entertainment so i just pressed the play button quite a few times .
we also took her to the toilets a few times for a walk and a wiggle by the plane doors space to stand .
this was a couple of years ago so just saying what 's on the top of my head .
we also gave her calpol half an hour before flying to try and help with ear popping .
i have no idea if this actually helped because it turns out that our last plane flights a month ago she did n't need anything to help her ears .
i guess you have n't seen kasha and butterbreads at shitty school or college cafeterias .
never seen it before google image search ca n't even find it
this makes me feel like the worst kind of case .
mostly running mhz but that was after i was done farming 40ap ruler archer and lancer for drops to clear out the shop .
never tried it but i 'm curious myself i 'd assume visibility would be poor .
you 'd reflect the same light that you do with a normal shade an assumption while having to contend with the incredibly reflective side of the gold lens .
never the less next time i 'm fucking around i think i 'll try it .
this is why i never went into high tier items .
i fortunately always dislike heavily patern/color dependent effected skins as i could never really price them accurately .
let 's just hope this does n't start effecting more skins .
love this question ... it makes me wonder if we would think before we speak '' more ? ..
and what other means of communication would we engage to compensate for the loss ?
i agree that sign language would be used a lot more ...
your submission has been automatically removed because your account does not meet our minimum karma requirement https www.reddit.com/wiki/faq wiki_what_is_that_number_next_to_usernames.3f_and_what_is_karma.3f .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofcsgo if you have any questions or concerns .
i know you did n't spend much on them but i would suggest not going around thinking that they 're high quality dress shoes .
just a forewarning since i 've seen former coworkers begging about some designer shoes they had bought .
the proceeded to not listen how i had read suspect reviews about the company .
maybe 6 to 9 months later and they both were looking for new dress shoes since the aldo 's did n't hold up as they had planned .
mind control and other psi abilities that affect ayys would break concealment on casting so i do n't think that one would work .
mimic beacons though ... you might be onto something here .
i wonder if the beacons would be concealed too when thrown from concealment ?
ca n't agree with the notion of activation on xcom turn being better than activation on ayy turn though .
even on flank/ow split there will be times your flanking teams fail to kill and your ow team will get screwed .
i 've owned probably a dozen or so atvs and most were hondas .
i had a foreman 500es for a while and 1st gear was crazy low .
nice for plowing i guess but i never needed it .
put a few thousand miles on it and went back to my second rincon .
tu platesti suma toata inclusiv tva cand iti cumperi masina iar mai apoi in timp iti deduci din impozit acel tva .
there is a discussion on hacker news http news.ycombinator.com/item ? id=10949978 but feel free to comment here as well .
been over 20 years since i was learning how to not get run over .
rand i 've got to ask you ... . why did you endorse mitt romney rather than your father ron paul ?
it broke my heart when that happened because i am a diehard ron paul fan .
i want to vote for you so bad i just have n't been able to get over this whole situation .
please put my concerns at ease and help me understand why i should spread your message loud and proud .
but is n't the bugged '' indicator what zac 's e was before the whole range increase ?
for those who have played him in the past this is n't much of a change .
invites their friend to the party chat in the middle of a raid to talk about school
had some guys talking about their stock portfolio during a raid the other day one of them was n't even in the raid just in the chat ... how bout some focus guys !
if you hit a person you could potentially do a lot of damage .
i do n't think it should be on the same level as operating a motor vehicle though .
yup pliers are the go to here ... maybe two pair .
i usually use a thin microfiber cloth to prevent damage but i like the electrical tape .
countries need armies because other countries have armies and those countries have them for exactly the same reason .
well right now i only have about 40 items up .
and earlier today i probably had about 100 up at once .
so its definitely not that i have as many as i can have up at one time .
i 'm just curious if anyone else has ever experienced this .
franky most calm and calculated super hentai cyborg in sh crew
ubermommy will encompass all of those tasks and more !
while that is true i did mean to say women are being mutilated in developed countries and developing countries .
tell me more about the black operations unit ? ''
i 'm so salty over what illumi did to him .
i want illumi to die a slow and painful death .
no no i think you 're in the exact right sub
well hadalabo is a hydrating toner not a ph adjusting toner .
i personally use a the hadalabo after essences i use the thinnest to thickest rule of thumb the hadalabo is thicker .
they were mistaking it for a ph adjusting toner or b .
they are maybe using it as a buffer because it 's less irritating do n't quote me on that .
i always use the visual guide i posted as reference .
c i am pretty sure you want it on bare skin after cleansing/toning step .
he was home bound twice for extensive periods due to injuries .
he was still enrolled in the system and had a teacher come to our house but he did n't physically attend classes during those times .
i feel like that could have had something to do with it .
by conspiracies '' i 'm guessing you mean conspiracy theories '' .
that rockstar intentionally cripples gta online to make shark cards a more attractive offer ?
it 's not a theory mission payouts have gradually been reduced prices for new dlc items have increased and the only measures rockstar implements to deal with hackers are those that prevent money spawning because it hurts their bottom line .
i am absolutely cool with shark cards that enable all of us to get free dlc
rockstar has made over 2,079,480,000 from gta v. they have plenty of money to be releasing free dlc .
furthermore it 's not really free most dlc updates are extremely expensive money sinks multi-million-dollar vehicles 10,000 outfits and so on that are next to useless and can only be purchased if you repeat the same heist for hours and days on end or just give in and buy a shark card .
the dlc is released to help sell shark cards not as a reward for their previous sales .
just got back into the game working on a salamanders army .
a 10 increase to jump range wo n't really help most of the ship .
at most currently you might get an extra 4ly out of an anaconda and 1ly out of a corvette .
it might seem excessive but i 'm hoping for a 50 boost pushing a 10ly corvette to 15 and an explorer anaconda to 50-60ly .
we do n't get snow back where i 'm from
but ... i want honda to make a perfect track car that i can afford !
i totally agree it is funny seeing people stock up for a couple inches of snow .
prime first hand example i have of poor winter infrastructure in the south was february 2014 in clarksville tn .
there was close to 2 feet of snow overnight and it took roughly 3 days to clear the roads and an additional 2 days before i was told to come back to work .
i saw more cars in ditches than on the road .
i really would love to learn how to play the piano or keyboard is there a difference ? .
it 's one of those things i plan on doing just when i can find time .
it is i thought idk take it up with the mod
i was so sure i had a steal held on to him this long .
i caught a few games here and there over the season and he has n't looked all that good to me .
he 's been on and off the first pp and his time on ice especially pp has n't been as good as i had projected which is to say it 's down from the past few years .
in the end i finally pulled the plug when activating krejci .
i decided to keep boedker whom i 'd picked up as a temporary replacement over him .
you 'll need a special smartphone app just to ride vta that day apparently .
i do n't know exactly what to prepare for therefore i pack what i feel i would n't want to go without say on a desert island mixed with what i would n't want to go on holiday without .
if they 're missed i ai n't missing them .
the only personal hygiene items i ever miss are my toothbrush and using my own soap .
i used to have a skivi-roll but i switched in favour of the vacuum-like packing .
i thought the dress was blue and black but i thought the car was green !
f this s f that s f this thing in particular f it all oh wait i need to do this s you know that meme ?
yelling for not being a mexican is kinda racist tho .
and they both want what they believe would be best for americans .
they could do a lot for the people together as long as they could compromise rationally .
tough cuts of meat carnitas duck legs leg of lamb short ribs
caramelizing vegetables particularly for puree/soup butternut squash carrots corn parsnips broccoli
that card should be at most 6 mana anyway .
it 's just arcanite reaper plus immunity and immunity is n't even worth 1 mana let alone 2 paying 2 mana to save yourself some damage is a massive tempo loss .
even if it was 5 mana overload 2 it still might suck .
for my best friend to be better and get help for his depression ...
it was so strange the first time i saw a movie that was played in 60 fps using interpolated frames .
i 've since gotten used to it but there is very clearly a difference .
period sex feels awesome before i had regular access to good dick i 'd always masturbate tons more during my period .
she probably is just afraid of grossing you out i used to be like that in my 20s till i found a guy who was awesome enough to get me comfortable with it .
be that awesome guy so when she inevitably breaks your heart she can go and enjoy period sex with other dudes too .
nah let i thought nme were competition until i watched confi 1v20 you guys then a couple hours after about 1v30 imp he died by running to guards both times since then i knew nme was dust rip
we reported him on twitch while he was streaming music as if he is a dj '' .
but it was good work you showed revo how to delete a clan by demonstrating all of their structures .
also i have to admit that revofedex uses hacks but not on his main account on another account .
combat lvl and was it hard to compete with the max mains out there .
unless it contains alcohol kosher is halal but halal is never kosher
if kosher is sometimes halal then the intersection of halal and kosher is non-empty so halal can not never be kosher .
i 've had some success taking minute doses of mdma i 'm talking scraping a crumb off a pill and dabbing it .
the only effect i feel is a tiny bit of extra euphoria and empathy but if i concentrate on these feelings and i 'm in a good state of mind it 's definitely noticeable .
everything else is the same my pupils do as they 're told and nobody can tell .
i 've done this on a heavy night out drinking red wine and had a slight afterglow the next day .
disclaimer i have only tried this twice and it may just be a placebo or other phenomenon but it 's the best damn placebo i 've ever taken .
no harm in giving it a go though warning not a doctor .
yes i have the right to force hospital staff to perform important medical procedures on me .
they 're doctors and nurses it 's their job to do so .
we already pool our resources to fund projects that benefit the common good roads public transit police/fire/ems etc .
i 'd literally go for any new race at this point that was n't a hybrid of some manner .
murloc ogre arakkoa ethereal shoot even naga if it had to be .
i 'd love a more 'feral ' or unintelligent race to be honest .
worgen do n't count they are proud gilnean humans half the time after all .
or jagex could just simply expand the tzar area and put strikeworms in that location as an alternative .
i work for a company that supplies parts to the plant that makes the charger challenger and 300 .
that plum perfect is gorgeous to watch roll down the line .
i wish i had enough money to afford it .
i hope it comes back in a couple of years when i think maybe i can scrape up enough to get one .
honestly i have n't found any other weapon worth using in turf war besides the aerosprays each time i try another type of weapon i do n't do nearly as s good and keep going back to it .
it 's a vicious cycle that keeps reinforcing my love of the aerospray .
fucking dude is amazing no matter what project he does .
actually think i saw one of there first live shows at lolla years ago
nobody gives a shit about the skills challenge winner and the all star game should be the same .
it 's for funsies and i 'm totally cool with legacy guys like wade and alone getting in .
good point but refugee 's are not full citizens .
the obligation of host countries is to keep them safe not to provide them all of the rights and services that citizens have access to .
if a group of refugees demonstrates that they are almost entirely composed of good people who will make an effort to respect locals there is no reason that the minimum obligation ca n't be extended to allow additional privileges .
if a group of refugees has a large number of people whose objective it is to organize sexual assault gangs something that is a complete anomaly to the host country i do n't see why any host country would extend those privileges .
that would be kind of crazy would n't it ?
haha i racked up around 70 million just today so hopefully i continue like that and finish soon .
what buildings did were you upgrading during your last millions ?
you still consented to the act at the time .
did you consent to the act which you performed ?
there are reasons to think that at least sometimes you did n't .
so for instance if you consent to sex with me but you only do so because i tell you that my semen is magic and it will cure your illness then later you find out that in fact it is n't magic and really i also have hiv i think we would not describe this as growing up and learning from your mistakes . ''
i think you might legitimately say i raped you because although you consented to sex with magic semen man '' in fact the act which you performed was sex with hiv positive non-magic man . ''
because you performed an act to which you did not consent and because that act was sex we might think this is rape .
i left to take a dump when we were down 3-1 to the bolts and when i came back we had tied it .
what if this was implemented when the wizards won the john wall lottery .
the wizards had the chance to take wall cousins and paul george .
do you think the wizards would even need to go back being noncompetitive for another year for bradley beal ?
as an englishman i 'm curious as to what your favourite thing about the uk government is could you enlighten me ?
i have some saved up rares so once the seal shop comes on en i 'll just sell my saved up rares .
i have a hella soft spot for the yotes .
heres hoping for a good injury free sharks victory !
what are your favorite movies to watch while enjoying your trees ?
i 've been thinking and i realized movie posters used to be works of art .
maybe with the academy changing things now they could add a few categories to the oscars such as best poster for a film .
maybe that would get studios to put more effort into making a movie poster a work of art again .
this is my first time posting but my app suggests it so here goes ...
i 'm 25 days into this hopefully last quit !
had a project blow up in my face at work this afternoon and although my mind was screaming smoke ! ''
we talked it through smoking will not make this easier or fix the problem repeat 900 times .
when the solution did come through i was n't outside i was there and handled it d
i had felt on cruise control for the last week and if i could handle the surprise urge anyone can .
i am almost finishing my pokédex and i am only missing these pokémons .
if anyone can help by doing a quick tradeback i would be really glad about it .
thanks in advance for anyone who took the time to read this
i recently bought a 'used ' schecter riot-5 bass guitar from a small guitar shop on the east coast through the reverb.com website .
the bass is in immaculate condition and plays so nicely .
i have one major issue fucking the whole thing up however..
the guitar has 'active ' emg pickups in it as well as an active eq .
after less than 1 hour of play the signal starts to distort .
if i keep playing much longer it just dissipates out completely and all the batteries i keep replacing in it lose enough charge to keep the bass sounding properly .
if i let the bass rest for about a day it will play again for about 15 minutes or so then the whole thing distorts again .
i do n't leave the cord plugged into the bass so please do n't think that 's causing the issue
has anyone else had this problem with emgs or active eqs ?
are there any fixes out there that you know of ?
this is basically ruining this beautiful guitar for me .
tldr the bass guitar with emgs eats up batteries in less than an hour and i ca n't play the damn thing like i want to .
the speaker was male and i believe he had white hair .
the entire invasion is told from the perspective of an average iraqi who has no ill will towards america and sees this invading force as the bad guy '' .
it even shows the invasion as religiously influenced when including footage of politicians reciting god bless america '' etc .
any clue as to when we 'll be getting the deluxe skin for banshee ?
so i did n't get a chance to do any prerelease besides a 2hg event due to prior obligations i was hoping fellow spikes could give their input on how oath has changed sealed because i am trying to go to a pptq tomorrow and am trying to avoid going in blind
a little info i 'm fairly confident in my bfz sealed and my card evaluation ability but am concerned about how the format changed in terms of speed tricks deck building etc
so today i checked my mail and i got a letter from boa that says my debt of 1200 dollars is forgiven .
the problem is i 've never had boa credit cards or any loans .
my name is on the letter but other info does not match .
it has my name and home address match but the social security number taxpayer id number and payers e.i.n number on the letter is not mine .
the letter goes on to say that i have to include the discharged amount in your income '' .
i am not going to include it b/c it 's not mine it has a different ss number and i already filed my taxes this past monday .
am i legally responsible to claim it as my income since it has my name ?
or am a free from this since it is not my ss number .
i am a bit nervous someone maybe is using my name and address ? ?
i rarely find them and by the looks of it i ca n't buy any from kadala either .
if i use the hands free attachment with the standard glass heating element would n't that combust my herb ? ? ?
seems as tho the herb would get too hot if i left the wand there after every hit ...
for the last couple of years i 've been hard at work creating a new site named tabletop giant https tabletopgiant.com .
it 's been in a 'test ' mode for the last eight months or so and we 've had about two hundred volunteers from the paizo forums test the site .
today we are opening up the site for all to try .
this site is in active development and is being regularly updated however there is significant functionality available such that many will find it useful right now .
i 've written up an article https tabletopgiant.com/news/introducing-tabletop-giant on the site which describes its current features as well as what we are looking to do .
to summarize for the tl dr among you tabletop currently offers a 'level 1 ' character creator complete with 497 archetypes and nearly all pfs legal feats spells and traits as well as means to organize playing groups and events .
it is also free though donating to the site does earn the user a larger sandbox in which to make player characters .
we also have a patreon page https www.patreon.com/user ? u=923655 u=923655 ty=h which i hope many of you will consider .
i hope you all enjoy this site thanks so much !
asking 300 but open to negotiation since i ca n't leave an open ended offer as per the rules .
it 's an awesome board but i just prefer my ds4 and hate to see it sit in its box when i 'm sure someone else would enjoy it .
central florida if any locals are interested in purchasing/trading .
as a movement to help newer players ascension will be posting new weekly battles videos on r/towerofsaviors .
if it is a breach of any rules please feel free to pm me and i will take it down .
tower of saviors the sharp blade of the throne ultimate 0 diamond clear 2 http youtu.be/yj0ctqokxhw
this weeks sm isnt too tough or too easy enjoy guys
do comment like subscribe if it proves helpful to you .
i have 36k two on the 50 collectables and a 88 overall team .
should i save for the next event improve my team or go for the on the 50 collectables ?
hello i 've been looking at the courses offered by tsm and cse and am drawn to both but am trying to decide and make the best decision .
how do you feel about your major and what has been your experience so far ?
are you actually enjoying the courses you 're taking ?
how do the career prospects look for your major ?
if you 're a cse major do you have a specialization or recommend a certain specialization ?
thank you so much for your time and i appreciate any of your help !
i do n't remember much about this anime i watched it as a kid in the late 90 's though it may have started airing earlier .
i remember the fact that it was about people piloting big humanoid mechas .
i also remember a snippet from the opening credits the screen is split into 3 diagonally in the first plane the main character appears running towards the camera then in the second place another character a girl i think appears doing the same and then a third guy in the third panel they 're all running together maybe preparing to pilot the mechs .
as for the content of the show i barely remember it i think the 3 main characters each piloted a different robot but then another smaller robot appeared and no one knew who the pilot was until it was revealed that it was the protagonist 's brother or something .
also pretty sure the show was dubbed in english .
not much to go on but i 'm hoping there are some anime fans here .
my game lags real bad when i got into immortal fights ends up still clicking once my time runs out and breaks my idle ?
we 've gotten a few treats on previous anniversaries .
30th is also a pretty big date though arguably not as big as the 25th .
squenix also had a pretty good 2015 and with all the cool releases this year we can only imagine by december this year they 'll be pretty much everywhere .
i wonder what sorts of projects will be happening circa the 30th birthday ?
i just need 20 friend codes of dokkan japan players that have n't gotten their 5 gems yet.i 'd really appreciate it if you guys could help
just for the information the deck has also majordormo executus !
cause the only map i ever get to play on is combine .
i 'm having a really hard time deciding which is the best way to parse a string that contains a simple list of values e.g .
1 2 3 '' or 0.7 0.8 1.8 '' .
my use case is to parse a file that contains a list of values all of the same type .
i 'm really asking what 's the rust way to run this python code
notice that i 'm interested in the general '' way to do it e.g .
i 've tried to look into the string methods but i do n't see a substring method .
i make music from basically any genre my channel is small right now and i 'd like to get it out to more people .
i know the names a bit stupid but it 's only temporary .
i have n't played blade and soul in a couple days because of college classes recently starting back up .
so i just tried logging in it says that my account has been locked due to suspicious activity .
i ca n't send a ticket because it requires for my account to be logged in .
i did n't purchase the master pack to get locked out of my account with no way back in .
what kind of suspicious activity could it have been ?
not sure if this is the right place for this and i 'm fairly new to reddit besides lurking for a year or so so please feel free to reprimand/redirect me if necessary !
i 've played in a lot of bands some marginally successful most not .
my primary forte is writing and the back end of the industry i 've worked for my dad who is an entertainment attorney/artist manager since i was a kid .
currently i 'm looking to fill out a solo '' pop project .
i play the instruments well enough to track scratch and have some great talented friends in pocket to record the pro versions .
i have a few dozen hooks that need to be fleshed into full songs .
unfortunately i fucking suck at making any kind of beats besides the basic boring i love rock 'n ' roll '' kick-snare coincidentally the only thing i can play on drums and everything i write solo turns into a goddamn folk tune so i 'm hoping someone out there has a few upbeat/dirty/poppy projects they 've scrapped or would be willing to share for some creative collaboration .
i 'm aiming for top 40 caliber with a little more of an edge e.g .
i really love 90s industrial stuff kmfdm meat beat manifesto modern simplistic hooky hip pop '' marc ronson/bruno mars joint macklemore 's downtown '' and a lot of everything in between .
one 's own music links are clearly not allowed here but i can give you a taste of what i 've done if you 're interested and someone please enlighten me as to whether or not that is acceptable in comments before i make an ass of myself further .
hey all looking for some locations and streets near the convention center that i can legally park for free on a saturday .
i have parked under the freeway before looking to see if there any other lesser known or secret spots that some of you have up your sleeve !
just recently i 've watched ex machina steve jobs sicario and then room .
i also have a testemonial that this is n't a scam if you do n't believe me .
i was just wondering if anyone had figured out how to build android from source in a jail .
currently i use phpvirtualbox which has plenty of issues .
many times i 've lost my vms due to 'io errors ' .
not sure what causes it exactly so i just chalk it up to crappy virtualbox .
anyway ideally i 'd like to be able to build directly in a jail but have never been able to find any guides for building in bsd .
hey ya 'll i 'm a not very new homebrewer but it 's been a while .
planning on brewing this weekend but do n't want problems to come up namely the ones that made me take a break from it in the first place mostly bad beer .
gon na be an ipa with some fruit zest thrown in not sure what fruit yet .
looking for tips or constructive criticism on hop bill balance ingredients etc .
my main motivation for making this beer is that i 've never been brave enough to just say fuck it '' and throw a shitload of hops at flameout .
i 'm not as fit as i used to be and as a result i am still getting used to the tight jeans
313 titan and a 317 warlock doing a sherpa through normal mode .
leave psn name or message the_infanta for an invite .
so after the whole de-rank spree i kept getting bad teammates blame them and play spitfully trying to kick people who were not playing well and being toxic .
now that i have had a chance to calm down a bit the game is a lot more fun .
even when i am going against better opposition i still try and have fun .
i still try of course i have been having 30 kill games a lot recently but that is due to being juuuuuuuust off of where i should be rank wise .
i went from mg2 to silver master p i know i 'm bad .
so lately i have been having more fun lots of top frag games i do n't get mad as much i am trying to loosen up more .
so due to weather i am in early from work .
i just got a new monitor i need to get used to it .
so i warm up a bit then go into comp with one goal in mind .
i get in there and it becomes obvious within two rounds one guy is using a controller .
that guy is having fun right now i bet .
dudes not trying to get salty he wants to have fun right now .
so all throughout the game this guy named chubby and myself just sort of carry the team and call strats .
nothing crazy only one crazy strat heavy round after a timeout so we could make some quick buys .
i notice blue the guy with controller is listening more .
when i call a save or an eco he starts following .
when we finally won our team had two carry rather than the one on their team blue did n't frag hard but he started playing roles .
he would push smokes to act as bate entry for me or purple .
he made an otherwise fun game into a memorable game .
dear people i was toxic too i am sorry .
i had no right to take the fun of the game from you .
kitty you fought with scott in the last installment and one of you died so let 's go over that .
your attempt to distract him by seeing a monster only partially succeeded and your shot to the head damaged him but not enough to kill him .
he flayed you with his knife like a madman and ended up killing you .
you severely underestimated him by only shooting him once when his health was still middling and not even bad .
duncan your tentacles were hurt pretty bad by the madman and you took some damage yourself as a result but you did take care of him despite him immediately trying to kill you .
going up you find kitty 's recently deceased body and 3 scavenging vulture skeletons who want it .
going in a random direction because you 're insane you come face to face with the giant ! ! !
it 's still just as healthy and strong as it was when it was last seen .
crimson you ate the hippopotamus but sadly nothing was really there ... now you just feel an empty pit in your stomach .
in the next room you find a bunch of bats with skeleton heads and a single skeleton leading them all .
i am either a very emotional and sympathetic intj or a very logic-driven and pragmatic infj .
both seem to fit me exactly and i am having difficulties determining which matches me better .
i am aware that everyone is capable of every function i am just unsure as to wether i am a stronger t or f. for years i have identified as an intj and only recently have started to question that .
i am just going to list out a bunch of things that describe my t/f struggle hopefully u guys can give me some advice .
when giving advice or describing someone my tendency is to be very cold and honest yet i have learned from experience it is best to sugarcoat things because i deeply care about how people feel .
i have no enemies and go to extreme lenghts to find ways to like everyone .
i am very sympathetic towards those in emotional pain .
i tend to feel other peoples emotions with them but i am often very clueless as to what they are feeling .
i am very strategic in all things i do and tend to be excessivly pragmatic .
i am always trying to fix '' other peoples problems even when they do not want help .
i tend to be a bit arrogant at times but i try to hide it .
i am always correct 100 of the time and it is my way or the highway .
the quote '' i reject your reality and substitute my own '' describes me quite well .
i have plans for when i finish with my plans and contingency plans in case they fail .
i am not a very effective person i do not follow through with my plans as i tend to waste away my time thinking about them .
when i am faced with a decision i prefer to take my time and analyze everything .
when i am rushed i immediately go with my gut instinct .
when i am under a lot of stress i tend to go with what feels right .
i identify strongly with characters like harry potter ender wiggin jon snow and walter white .
i think intjs are awesome and i have deep respect for you guys .
we are a lvl 8 clan with roughly 170 wins and we war 24/7 .
we are searching for members that will stay and war with us and be a part of our team .
only looking for clashers with experience roughly 300 war stars .
song is in the 6/19/2015 20/20 episode the wolfpack .
i spent years running from what i really wanted ''
can be heard at the beginning of the fourth segment here
so this scene is from the movie no no briana '' it is the first scene in the movie .
evan stone and naudia nice have rough sex in a kitchen .
i saw it years ago and i am wondering if it still stands up to how i remember it .
i have been searching on and off for a couple of years and have n't come close to finding it i am hoping you all can help .
i 've never been a wooooooooh hoooo '' kind of guy .
i do n't feel any need to reveal my emotions to others around me .
i like going a bit fast and feeling air on a hot day but on level ground and smooth turns .
i 'd have a fucking anxiety attack if someone forced me into a bit of fun '' on an extreme roller coaster .
im just wondering if anyone still has gentleman skin because it was duped im interested in buying it for around 350 .
hey guys i 'm putting one of my clean smurf accounts up for sale in csgo skins to anyone interested in it .
i just intentionally finished the 10 placement games to get
silver 2 for anyone who needs to make use of the low rank for any purpose
you can add me on steam http steamcommunity.com/id/gtrpleb to discuss the price for purchase and i do know my prices so please do not try lowballing or you will be ignored/blocked .
in-game leader of team virtus.pro http wiki.teamliquid.net/counterstrike/taz and one of most famous players in the world !
his stream http www.twitch.tv/g5taz his channel very popular he often play league with many other top players and make some good giveaways for subs and for everyone
knight was dropped during the group stage match between virtus.pro and team liquid and autographed by wiktor wojtas who was the most valuable player in that round .
you can see some screenshots http imgur.com/a/3yhad probably best sticker placement teams facing each other and tournament sticker between them .
b/o 300 keys negotiable i 'm not really looking for pure any good offer are welcome !
i have phone app and i can trade without hold !
snow was coming down hard on the white house washington d.c. is to get the worst of the storm .
the headline reads 10 states declare state of emergency . ''
cnn 's correspondent was reporting on the storm 's severity before the broadcast between him and the network was lost .
on television it lingered the same spoken word and the headline 10 states declare state of emergency '' play again and again and again .
cnn switched back to regular broadcast after 20-40 seconds .
hello i 'm a young engineering professional who has been toying with some ideas on the side professionally employed otherwise .
i have spent a significant amount of time developing them conceptually and doing some basic engineering calculations to get rough scale and layout of said products .
there 's 3 or 4 that i 've really thought about but there 's 1 that i actually did some professional collaboration with and have a pretty good idea of the problem it solves .
the product i 'm looking to pursue has to do with the bike drive mechanism and i 'm looking for the right way to make it attachable as a third party accessory rather than something that has to be fabricated with the bike .
the problem is i have no direct experience in machining or putting together a product like this .
how do should i go about finding a bike engineer to help me create this product ?
it could be as simple as finding an experienced bike mechanic but i really think it will be more complex and require specific machining skills to create .
i have some capital and can probably pay for materials and maybe some shop time if that 's what it comes to but ca n't really just straight up hire a designer to do it .
it would be a sweat equity sort of deal .
i would love advice/insight from those of you who have created products that you could n't make on your own at first .
in general what 's the lifespan of a storage array ?
or more specifically we have a dell powervault md3200 purchased in 2011 with 18 tbs of storage .
it 's currently being underutilized and was managed inefficiently by the previous admins .
it basically used for file storage and minor vm use .
my manager want to buy a new san since this one was purchased in 2011 and they 're thinking of implementing a dr plan that will require storage to accommodate a failover from our remote office .
minus the space requirements would this san be up for the challenge and can live for another 3yrs at a minimum ?
what are new san technologies and improvements should i be considering as well ?
send me some love and offers comment offer here or just send it .
the tigron trade company is opening recruitment right now for social and rp players .
we are a new fc on the balmung server and would love to recruit anyone looking for a home .
we plan to hold regular rp events and contests for our members .
if you have any interest in joining our family leave your info here drop an application or whisper me in-game on nickels tigron .
hey r/autos i 'm about a month away from financing a focus rs with a full premium care warranty and fmpp .
i have the uag case on the phone and i like how the rails are exposed at certain parts for the sake of the scanner but every glass screen protector i 've had so far chips at the side that is exposed .
i 'm on the hunt for an ocean spray commercial that aired circa 1999 on ytv in canada .
there was a female child 's voice that said it 's crantastic ! ''
and it was parodied by the simpson 's in the episode homer and apu '' season 5 episode 13 .
kind of a dumb offseason thread but i 'm of the mind that the winner is the best player of their season but the second-best player can outmatch a winner if they were on the same season .
i 've always had a decently itchy and dry beard but i decided to grow it out a bit longer than normally probably a little over an inch long throughout .
since it 's winter and my skin is dry my beard has become fairly dry and itchy as well .
my beard is flaking a lot and is very itchy throughout .
i 've read that it 's not good to shampoo your beard regularly so i 've stopped that to about once a week of shampoo'ing it with head and shoulders .
i ordered some leave in conditioner beard balm from amazon http www.amazon.com/honest-amish-beard-balm-conditioner/dp/b009nnfb0o about three weeks ago and had been using it daily but have since stopped as it may have been irritating my face i 'm not 100 sure .
the flaking was reduced a bit but my beard was still very flaky and dry ... so i decided to order some oil .
i ordered leven rose beard oil http www.amazon.com/gp/product/b00ib6iaos/ref=pd_lpo_sbs_dp_ss_3 ? pf_rd_p=1944687762 pf_rd_s=lpo-top-stripe-1 pf_rd_t=201 pf_rd_i=b009nnfb0o pf_rd_m=atvpdkikx0der pf_rd_r=13r3jc795bhqmm51wkwx from amazon and have been using it every day for about a week and a half .
after i get out of the shower i dry my beard with a towel and apply the oil generously to my skin and beard hair and my beard is still very flaky even if i apply it twice a day .
do you guys have any other suggestions/oils/conditioners/etc to use to make this stop ?
i tried doing some research on my own but there 's a lot of products out there and i 've already tried two things that are n't working too well it seems .
looking for 2.5 million coins but best offer so far .
the one at the back of my inventory with c9 stickers is not for sale
i only play trade_minecraft_fnaf_v69 and im better than evryone else so y am i best player
just ok intoo but i can hold my own .
maybe we can bitch about certain textures that need updating .
i think we all can agree new customization options are always a plus and i would very much welcome more hairstyle options .
what i want more is tied up hair for undead males .
for a race that is so often paired with the rogue class it should make sense that they would want to have their what-passes-for-hair out of their faces .
the ned stark hair would be cool for both humans and undeads as well .
i read somewhere about undeads and belves having beards but i 'm not so sure on that .
i am playing with this button but i ca n't figure out why the text gets selected when you click it .
i just got into animation using after effects and would like to put together a short whiteboard animation for youtube .
do you guys have any recommendations for character kits i could download ?
free ones would be nice but any recommendations are appreciated .
i do n't own any at the moment and i 'm interested in picking some up .
i 'm sure this scene is taken from an anime and this person animated the frozen characters doing the same thing .
i just decided to go this weekend to reserve my copy at gamestop of the special edition of fates but it 's sold out anybody know where else would reserve it ?
even if it 's a few day after strew release .
also how much would it cost to take a taxi from albuquerque airport to farmington ?
it is hard to escape the conclusion that civic consciousness is virtually non-existent the reports of dumping that have been highlighted by the ngt underscore the abysmal failure of varanasi 's municipal administration such as it exists .
like legitimate happiness not the usual euphoria i seek from compulsively eating amphetamine .
i walked into my front room and my big ass dog a mixed great pyrenees/golden retriever was laying on my couch which was just so cute in my state of mind borderline bartard i got down on the couch and cuddled with it because she is a lazy ass that looks and acts as if she was barred out 24/7 seriously if she is in the driveway when we pull in i have to get out physically prop her up to move her out of the way of the car always tends to lay on her side when she eats .
probably the only subclass i have n't maxed out yet only because i 'm more of a pvp person and if i play crucible i bring gs or ns anyway ...
but when i used the super i never found any of those problems the subreddit talked about hits not registering etc..
i got a chest exotic from xur and prayed for an ats/tarantello and i got it !
happily i ran into crucible to try it out finally a decent exotic for the bd ...
literally knifing people and failing even when the sound of the register came out the super swings never connected even though it kept showing the hit mark and the sound .
i simply do not understand what the hell happened .
my wife 's sex drive has been non-existent since we had our last kid 2 years ago .
i tried to spice things by getting her some vibrators but she said she did n't like them .
about 3 weeks ago i told her i tossed out all of the toys '' since we never used them we are cleaning out to move .
this week i was putting away some laundry and noticed that the rabbit vibrator i bought her was hidden in there .
she must have taken it out of the bag of stuff we were throwing away .
so my question is should i let her know that i found it ?
should i pull it out next time we have sex and try it on her ?
tl dr found dw 's vibrator that i tossed out b/c she said she did n't like it in her drawer .
here 's a question for you how do we know that chara is the fallen human ?
surely it 's the 'name the fallen human ' menu at the very beginning of the game .
well i believe that i 've found the answer in this long and poorly written theory below .
oh quick clarification before i get too enveloped by my rant when i say ‘you ' i am referring to the current player of undertale .
if you ever take any part of this as a personal attack please read this part again and know that i 'm both sorry for making you feel that way and that i 'm not the one at fault .
let 's wind back to the beginning before the arrival of the first human .
chara when living on the surface wanted nothing more than to die .
why this was the case i do n't know nor do i care to speculate on it right now .
what we do know is that chara ran off to mt .
ebott as they did n't know how to end their life so they went to the one place where people mysteriously disappear .
from here they fell into the underground met asriel and lived for almost a year underground with the monsters who before falling underground chara did n't know existed .
after living with all of these kind and welcoming people who were trapped underground chara felt sorry for them and wanted to help them before they ended themself .
fairly soon toriel taught them the nature of the barrier as well as how to destroy it .
this got chara thinking and after learning that buttercups were poisonous through a cooking accident they came up with a plan and told asriel it .
asriel not thinking what it would mean to kill a person agreed to take part .
chara would sacrifice themself in order to save every monster .
chara would 've been a hero if the plan worked .
we know that it did n't as asriel upon seeing the humans before him felt pity for them and resisted killing the 6 humans required to break the barrier .
chara pressed for him to kill the people but asriel mistook this sudden press for aggression as a deep and longlasting hatred for humanity and went home without drawing blood .
at this moment chara realised that asriel was n't like themself that he still had a reason to live and to let others live so chara gave up pushing him to take the six souls and remained silent .
the two never got the chance to talk about it ever again .
eventually chara was buried near the ruins under a bed of golden flowers right where they fell into the underground in the first place .
fast forward i do n't know how many years to when frisk falls into the underground .
they are the first human to be mortally wounded by the drop .
the eighth human lying on the surface of the underground was about to join the eternal sleep of the first human lying underneath the surface .
you called out a name a name which brings a part of chara back from the dead .
you use this part to bring the dying frisk back to health .
you puppeteer this paralysed conglomerate with the combined determination of all three of you .
while you dictate what the body does chara watches from beyond the grave occasionally reaching out to talk to you to fill in the gaps of information that you ca n't see for yourself .
you lead a life down either a pacifist or neutral path and chara is content with watching you do your own thing .
at the end of a neutral path frisk has absorbed chara and has developed into a singular entity capable of living on their own .
however if you choose to you can take those two back and push on for a pacifist ending .
at the end of the true pacifist route everyone should feel complete .
by now frisk is fully recovered without having to absorb chara and lives their life on the surface .
their job done you let chara pass into the afterlife where they can finally rest in peace .
finally you should 've walked away from this game pleased that you 've saved everyone you 've seen and one that you had n't and satisfied that you 've gotten everything that you can from it .
rending this timeline asunder you start from scratch refuse yourself with the frisk and chara of a new timeline and use them as a vessel for murder solely so that you can see what happens when you do .
while you mercilessly slaughter everything in your path chara watches on .
they would 've been shocked if they still had their soul .
this leaves chara to try and figure out why you 'd do this to the ones they loved before realising that they do n't love the monsters any more .
chara is fine with you killing the ones they wanted to save in fact chara wants to know what happens when there 's no-one left .
it gets worse as chara believes that you still have feelings for the beings you kill .
that you enjoy it the hunt for increasing attack defence exp love and gold higher and higher and higher .
chara believing how such a pursuit can bring enjoyment then adopts the view that spiritual fulfilment is achieved through spilling blood and dust and praises you for giving them a purpose to exist .
soon your and chara 's essences utterly destroy frisk leaving a mangled entity behind .
proof of this is in the eyes of chara 's sprite they lie vertically on their head not horizontally like a human 's compare this to the eyes of flowey 's final form as well as further stretching down to the cheeks at one point unless this is a black ooze like many believe .
in both cases it 's disturbingly inhuman and twisted .
here 's something that i find to be very interesting to consider .
the 'you 's doing the genocide run who did n't know of chara 's plight and inevitable corruption watch chara 's actions at the end of the game then blame them for killing asgore flowey and in some dire cases everyone else on the path to this end .
by shunting the blame onto someone else you distance yourselves from the hurt that you 've caused allowing yourselves to hold chara in greater contempt .
that 's right your love in this world our world increased at that moment .
finally at the very end chara takes what they consider to be your path to its logical conclusion and offers to destroy the universe .
if you accept the offer chara takes it as a sign that they were right about you utterly .
if you choose not to chara believes that someone else has replaced you asking since when were you the one in control ? before destroying the universe on their own .
either way chara is merely mimicking you trying to show that they understand you and your desires .
so in conclusion in neutral or pacifist routes frisk was about to die but was saved by you and your ability to use chara as either a spiritual transplant or plaster and the game was your method of letting your attempt to save frisk come to fruition .
in genocide the game itself is a mirror which you perform in front of until chara is the only reflection left .
a reflection of the being pushing all the buttons that ended everything .
and if chara takes the form of the fallen human ...
... then who are you to call them the monster ?
the competitive league of legends scene is developing in a rapid speed so it was just a matter of time that teams start to stack up their roster 5 .
just take team liquid as an example with their 10 man roster .
that is completly fine but in which way did fantasy react towards this ?
fantasy used to make so much fun when you had to speculate which of your players will get the maximum amount of fantasy points for you in this week .
at the moment it is just the speculation is this player even going to play 2 games this week ?
piglet for example used to be a highly contested pick during the first draft .
now he is not really usuable for any teams because he might only play 1 of the 2 games and gets half the points or does not play the week at all so you get 0 points .
another problem is that some lcs player have individual problems in their lifes so they do not play one week because they are ill for example .
as a fantasy player you get this information so late that you are not able to react to this and have again a postition which gives you 0 points .
for example power of evil and xpeke merge to one player .
the result would be that it does not matter who of them is playing you simply get fantasy points for both of them .
if a player just plays 1 of the 2 games just double his points of the 1 game
in the case that you got more ideas how to solve the problems please comment your ideas
i 'm struggling to decide how to value a game purchase .
how much did you spend on your last game purchase and more importantly why that amount ?
what 's your system or method for deciding your game buy price point ?
lets bring back leader boards so we know who 's on top and who 's not .
toggle pkshow its time to start showing this stuff or having an option to .
hey guys fikra recently announced that it is organizing its 3rd games media and entertainment expo gx in the millennium hotel on april 28-30 details can be found here http www.fikraevents.com/blogdetail/11 .
also booth sales have just started if you are interested in showing off your work game development art etc .
gx has always been a fun 3 day event for all ages and has included lots of exciting activities gaming tournaments booths art displays cosplay contests and lectures from notable individuals in the gaming industry .
also fikra strongly supports the local gaming community and wants to build a positive image of gaming in the middle east .
if you have any questions or suggestions we would love to here from you at 965 97603181 or info fikraevents.com
last october i got permanently banned from the payday 2 group and forums due to hacking i partook in back in summer 2014 .
otherwise i was a fair sport helping players learn and generally not being a dick .
i picked up what dlc i liked and did n't much care for the ones i did n't .
however getting banned from the forums banned me from the community which in turn disabled my community stuff some of which was my standard gear !
i want to get back into this game i want to get more fun out of the money i put into buying this game but none of that will happen if i 'm still punished for a victimless crime .
is there someone i can contact that has the authority to revoke the ban and let me enjoy this game once again ?
edit day 16 almir-bro still did n't respond to my e-mail .
but my theory is that since no capitalist enterprise can stand this long without even trying to make a profit reddit is government subsidized for social network spying .
just imagine how much info people share here about their lives ... .
it can only go forward you ca n't steer it i have some ideas for that .
i should also add another set of legs but .. meh .
it 's not very fast and veers off to whatever side the terrain favours .
the bearing closest to the frame does n't move it 's fixed .
the other three bearings move the leg in a circular motion .
the legs go through 4 stages rotate forward push leg down rotate backwards pull leg up .
i think it 's fine a proof-of-concept but it 's quite laborious to build .
looks at phone huh but i do n't see ... . ''
gamma slam a king ar-tyr a madame darkness a stormbringer or a solar sentinel skin .
like nox ai n't even a dude but we 'll put her in this chest so people pay more money for more gems coz they want that kuku skin .
just let us buy it outright or have just lord slashinton and kuku esq .
in the chest not other skins that do n't fit the title of 'gentleman '
how do you guys feel about the other religions in the world and the people that are in those religions .
so i 've been friends with this girl since the third grade so we are really close .
i was in love with her for a very long time but it never came to anything and slowly i have been getting over it .
she 's had a boyfriend for over a year and a half now and i never had a problem with it .
i really thought any feelings i had towards her were gone until recently .
about 2 years ago my friend sara had a fling with my other friend mark .
they never had sex but they did other stuff .
this really bugged me since i still had pretty strong feelings for her and i had to see them together almost every day since we go to the same college .
it did n't last very long though and she meet her boyfriend slowly after .
even though sara seems happy with her boyfriend she has admitted to me that she is still very atracted to mark and they 've had a few tense moments .
they were at a party together and mark started rubbing up and down her leg she did n't stop it
now there has been a few times that they sat together when we were out .
every time this happens there is usually a visual barrier between their lower bodies and me like a table or a blanket i have the weird suspicion they are fooling around under there .
i notice sara 's weird faces and the looks they give each other .
aftewards we were out on the street and they both went to the bathroom together when we stopped by a bar .
now i was high at the time but i could swear they were in there for like 15 minutes .
i was fine when she had a boyfriend i never saw and never talked to but having her fool around with another one of my best friend in public situations like that drives me crazy .
on the other hand i might just be incredibly paranoid and jealous .
also it might be a combination of paranoia and common sense .
so should i talk to one of them and figure whats going on ?
should i just shut up and forget about it ?
i dont think i can stand it going on a lot more it really bugs me imagining my friend fooling around with her .
tl dr i suspect my best friend who i use to like is fooling around with another one of my friends .
they seem to do weird stuff when were together and im kind of going crazy about it .
i 'm locking myself in my comfy ass bed and planning to binge on shows and beers .
while scrolling through the message details on my iphone i noticed that you can view the details of the photos exchanged between you and the person you are messaging .
most of the photos had details like screen shot '' or snap chat '' ...
what does the getpart '' mean in the image detail ? ..
was a certain app used to take it ? ..
i was readng about paroxetine and noticed something interesting according to crazymeds.us
and yes paroxetine interferes with its own metabolism which is why its pharmacokinetics are so freaking non-linear ''
in my lay understanding paroxetine is itself the active drug and its metabolites have little effect .
and in my understanding metabolization is the method by which paroxetine is removed from the body rather than the method by which it is formed into something the body can use .
does this then mean that paroxetine inhibiting the very site that metabolizes it increases its level in the blood ?
and is this why they say that there is a non-linear effect ?
i am assuming by saying the effect is non-linear they are saying that for example 20 mg is disportionately more potent than 10 mg .
linear would mean 20 mg is 2x as strong and non-linear means 20 mg is greater than 2x as strong as 10 mg ?
what would this imply for the number of dosings per day .
would 10 mg 3x a day be less potent than 30 mg once a day for example ?
or would it not matter since it 's not all metabolized at once anyway ?
edit this is the web-site i quoted http www.crazymeds.us/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/meds/paxilpharmacokinetics toc9
not sure if this is too obvious or i 'm to high
just trying to confirm that i 'm fucked and have to start over .
i currently have lost and found in my quest log .
i 've gone down to the bottom of the pawn 's guild found the tentacles gone up and talked to the pawn dude .
i have n't spoken to ser duncan the guy that tells you to go talk to maximillian .
lost and found is still in my quest log i teleported straight to cassardis ran to the witchwood escorted quina found the hut talked to selene watched the cut scene with quina walking to the village went into the village and spoke to adaro .
here 's the problem adaro does n't want to let me finish the quest .
he just gives me the standard ah back fron gran soren '' line .
his icon is blue if i do n't have lost and found selected or red if i do .
there 's no way to finish lost and found from my current situation right ?
i 'm extremely thankful for what you do because without you i would n't have been able to play the game at all and i 'm sure others are the same .
the same goes to the people who translate the game thank you !
does anyone miss the old days of the monday night war ?
me and a buddy are looking to re-create the monday night war .
hoping theres still a few out there that remember the good old days of roleplaying with the e-feds .
if you have any interest in joining or just wan na chat wcw email me at illestoftheill hotmail.com
okay it 's not really a treatise but i never get to use that word so ...
my greatest recommendation of dungeon fighter was there 's a leveling grind but the act of leveling is actually fun . ''
i ca n't make that endorsement anymore thanks to scenario dungeons .
this new mode is fun ... the first time .
you level quickly the stories are good the maps vary ... it 's a well done system .
they 're basically an extended interactive cinematic because you have to go afk for awhile in order to die in one of them .
at that point it barely feels like a beat-em-up game because you 're just pushing x to continue .
i was quite excited about the new difficulty modes as even kings and hero modes were a bit 'too easy ' at times even solo .
running dungeons on slayer difficulty feels like my 'sweet spot ' for a solo challenge .
unfortunately if i take 10 minutes and run some slayer mode dungeons i 'm not progressing forward .
sure i 'm gaining levels but i 'll still have to do all of the scenario dungeons for the next dungeon and have to completely finish the scenario dungeons to unlock the next area .
if scenario dungeons are boring on easy difficulty they 're purely tedious when you 're above their level and still have to run them .
by the time i finish a scenario dungeon and can thus do a particular dungeon on harder difficulties i 've gotten so much experience from the scenario dungeon that i 've out-leveled the dungeon i wanted to run as a challenge so i have to go on to the next scenario dungeon to unlock the next one ... and it keeps going .
also i have to go through the same scenarios on each character by which point the story goes from this story is awesome '' to i hate this story '' just because i 'm being dragged by the nose through the whole thing .
also one of the things that drives a lot of mmo players is the feeling of getting better at the game .
you unlock new abilities and then learn to effectively use those abilities as you play .
with stuff dying in one hit to just about anything in scenario dungeons there 's no meaningful progression of skill .
if there 's no challenge and no risk of dying players will learn bad habits that will hurt them when they reach the actual challenge .
so please neople give us the option to skip scenario modes by out-leveling them .
automatically unlock dungeons once a player is in their level range .
let them grind levels in the awesome new slayer mode instead of dragging them through levels where the bosses are as tough as the weakest enemy in slayer mode .
or possibly let us change the difficulty mode on scenario dungeons so it can be a challenge too .
so i collected all pressed flowers and there is this cutscene with henry 's declaration of love the red tulip .
i think i 've seen it like 15 times now and after the cutscene finishes it just says desynchronized for no reason every time .
also before you post check to see if someone has already posted your school .
if they have comment below theirs instead of commenting directly in the thread .
this will give me a better and less confusing idea of how many people are where .
i was playing as austria yesterday and i was trying to avoid the shadow empire .
i 'd like to get good relations with the pope since the pi bonuses are so good for a nation like austria .
the problem is that if i annex the pope core his land and than release him in rome he 's still going to hate me because i have all of his other cores .
should i go to war again with the papal states to make him release all cores in italy and then try to get an alliance ?
if i get an alliance with the pope would be worth to grant him electorate ?
i think that would be a nice way of getting both a secure vote and lots of pi .
so i 've been looking around after watching some of stabbystabbys videos and seeing in the comments that nocrit backstabs are easier to play with and i 've been looking around for any vpks or folders to use .
how do i recharge it to get into the town ?
its my favorite ln and i want to support it .
is there a good or even decent chance itll be translated in future years ?
p.s before you go into these images no offense indented against the pro 's '' especially lassiz or barraccuda this post was meant to share a funny situation that happened to me
a lot of you know me from posting in this sub but my podcast is basically like we hate movies or how did this get made for animation .
this month i 'm talking live action movies based on animated series and the next episode is jem and the holograms from 2015 .
i know it 's sort of short notice but i 'm not sure if my guest will be able to record tomorrow and i could use a backup .
would anyone here be up for watching the movie and guesting via skype if my guest ca n't make it ?
planning to record today around 5 pm pst time zone .
let me know in a pm or comment thanks .
who do you guys recommend i 5 ... hulk captain marvel or angela ?
so i 've slowed down in leveling level 84 because nyx and other events and my gear score is kinda stuck because of cost restrictions 93k .
i was wondering how much cost we get in between level 90 and 105 ?
is it just cost points we can distribute or is it strait up cost that goes into all 4 categories weaps hats armor monsters .
i would like to know so i can plan ahead on cost .
hey internet tutle folks i found a turtle wandering about the street in my neighborhood .
it 's a highly urban area so i 'm thinking it escaped from somewhere .
i 'm assuming it 's young shell is about 4 inches lengthwise .
anyway assuming nobody comes looking for it what 's the minimum requirements for an outdoor habitat ?
so far i put him/her in a 3x5 planter where i dug a small pond for it to chill in and a box for hiding but i 'd like something a bit more permanent without breaking the bank .
i 'm in southern california so the weather is rarely cold .
we 're going to take it to a pet store to identify the thing tomorrow .
i see these cool aquarium deals but he might outgrow them plus the energy costs .
in the spirit of 'all our bruised bodies and the whole heart shrinks ' i want to know specifically the events that tie la dispute to your life .
we can praise their musicianship all day but i do n't think that would even begin to explain why this band affects its fans so deeply .
i want to know what makes them so special because they certainly are n't the first artists to aggressively tackle the subject matter .
for me it was the extreme details in the lyrics i held on to heartache from high school for years .
somewhere at the bottom was so explicitly heart-on-sleeve in such great detail .
it sounds ludicrously self-absorbed to outsiders and it is but that 's what happens to a person losing a person they dearly want to hold onto !
that old flame nearly burned up my first 'adult ' relationship .
i was stuck in the past despite being madly in love in the present .
and we got past that and when rooms of the house released i attached to it differently .
i was n't mourning a lost love i was dreading the possibility of my then-current relationship dissolving .
we took each other for granted and kept arguing and fighting for the other to be this or that way or to be more responsible for this or that .
revisiting 'you and i in unison ' with the perspective of this fresh wound was like a knife to the gut .
so i 've been dating this girl for about 8 months i 'd say and everything was good .
we moved in together and moved to a new city .
when we first arrived i found a job really fast but due to certain circumstances i had to stop working .
i 've been looking for work and had a few interviews but nothing yet .
the city is pretty small and it 's hard to find work .
it has been about two months and i 'm starting to feel really worthless and that she would be better off without me .
i feel like a burden and negatively impacting her life .
sonetimes at night i think about packing a bag and leaving .
she once said she was n't sure if she was the right person for me because she does n't understand what i 'm going through .
i 've been diagnosed with depression and i spent some time in the hospital last year but i 've learned how to manage on my own .
i do things around the house like cook and clean but it 's not enough .
i do n't know anyone here and i just do n't know what to do .
news http bato.to/reader a6c15a142592eceb_7 is most likely in the actual forest on redundant name deer king .
picturing coco in the atom http bato.to/reader a6c15a142592eceb_10 location or sani in the earth http bato.to/reader a6c15a142592eceb_8 flower field with their respective animal partners facing their gourmet king equivalent is just something i hope i actually see in the future .
it 's moments like these that are the best as a voidwalker
i 'm trying or wanting to get the rbt 5 .
is this a all out favourite team or do we just vote for the best team and we will win the rbt if they win .
hey i was wondering is there any place where people find parties for ip
1 stattrak™ p90 asiimov minimal wear http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198110747127/inventory 730_2_4886249635 0.13636258244514 http csgo.exchange/item/4886249635 sticker the zombie http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c the zombie 16
i do n't use coffee as a medicine but tobacco is the best way to heal my bruises .
in some of the ancient power supplies they actually ran the incoming mains voltage to the case 's power switch there was n't even a relay just a big rocker switch .
hmmm this might be the right approach now that you say it
i 'm going to go out on a limb and say the aac is not interested in any schools with weak football programs as it has designs on eventually being considered a p5 well p6 conference http collegefootball.ap.org/article/aac-striving-turn-power-5-power-6 and doubly so because if teams get poached from the aac they 'll probably be among the best football schools in the conference .
so any replacement school the aac picks would have to be near the top of c-usa the sun belt or the mac in football .
that cuts army which has had only a single winning season in the past two decades .
remaining in your top five are marshall niu rice and toledo .
of your second five only one ohio is even an ok program .
all three of your third set have respectable football but like you i have trouble seeing them getting the nod over the ones listed above .
he is in the east also which has been notoriously weak .
yes they are getting stronger but he has had one of the easiest roads to the finals than any superstar in the league .
teach your children how to count by watching the clippers lob and jam
your submission has been removed because your account is less than 4 weeks old .
please make sure you 're here to contribute to r/androidapps and not just to promote an app .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/androidapps if you have any questions or concerns .
at least i finally started remembering they were n't just the brown ones '' ... lol
what was irrational about the way opec members treated saudi arabia ?
seems like they made off well in the short term .
i 'd imagine they were all aware of the long-term benefits but saw them as a riskier gamble why postpone profits and place ourselves at risk of being turned on when we can make a buck now and guarantee that we wo n't be put in that position ?
i go for the high quality stuff at home depot .
i 'd like to wash it despite the fact that it already appears clean .
then i would eat the booty as in insert my tongue into her anal canal .
realistically though i 'm not gon na get to do any of that because instead of pursuing women i typically just look at images of them on the internet
i still have no idea how i managed to get voted in .
i do n't think i 'm really all that noteable .
not so much holding the all-time record in tetris .
if you would like to get another burton i can recommend the process flying v http www.burton.com/default/burton-process-flying-v-snowboard/w16-107121.html .
i 'm very pleased with it and i 've read that it does alright some jibbing as well but i do n't have any experience doing that .
oh the rides it must have given in his earlier years .
it 's good enough to build a decent prototype . ''
throughout the session he 'd almost always kept the genuine smile .
for that matter i like the windows phone os better in general .
still ditched my windows phone for an iphone because of the lack of apps .
if you dont mind shipping to canada ill enter .
if you can afford the certs and degrees they do help .
it is possible to get lucky though all i had is a ged when i was hired for my current job i am listed as a support engineer !
i got the job with a bit of lucky networking resume class teacher went to church with an hr guy of a tech firm related to the one that hired me ...
just keep your head up and your eyes open the right situation should come along if you work whatever angles you happen on
since getting hired i got a certificate in media design ... go figure .
there are times when i feel like the right response is to cry and i think it might start but it never happens .
like an automatic reflex or a program kicking in that prevents it .
even in situations i 'm alone and none would know it kicks in .
only happened once in my adult life and then it was at a point where i felt completely powerless .
where no other escape route seems open the anti-crying program does not boot .
i frequently have to end things with people who are too clingy .
i enjoy alone time and have a time consuming job .
when they start thinking i should play by certain rules about how much time i spend with them i really ca n't enjoy myself anymore .
i 'm definitely going to buy one of the ones out the store at some point though .
what is she giving you shit now or other things ?
well i have a problem with planetside 2 is much lag and it was not 12 minutes of play 'm thinking delete but before doing community ask me any solution to repair this problem i hope your help thanks
so.. if a woman calls me a pedophile i 'm automatically one ?
because you still get to be heroes but heroes without ethics .
i was apart of the subreddit of the day yesterday !
you could have done a lot more damage from the inside
i 'm retired 24 years and these idiot 's contacted me right after i retired guess their paperwork was jacked up .
i had alot of fun messing with them since my last 18 years i was a 79s career counselor the next year my son joined the army reserves i played dumb but offered my son the usual advice a son would receive from a retired soldier then i told the recruiter i would be at my son 's swearing in ceremony he acted like he really did n't want me there but i just told him to give me the time and i would be there showed up at meps two hours early recruiter met me at the door said there was some problem with my son 's paperwork and he probably would n't be swearing in that day as soon as i walked in the front door people were jumping up from their desks to greet me shacking my hand offering me coffee poor recruiter was turning white and looking confused because everyone there knew me i handled the reenlistments for this meps for several years and they immediately got my son 's paperwork completed correctly and let me review it before he signed it .
thank you so much i 've searched for this game over the years man .
they have classes for beginners and more advanced people both usually kick my butt though .
it 's so worth the money and it really helps you work on your form and consistency !
it 's all habits we keep in the end .
head over to r/curlyhair https www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair for a shit ton of help .
i would n't even bother more than likely you 'll be robbed or end up with a box of bricks .
if you 've ever spent any time around small children which his family obviously had since he was their kid you never ever leave anything to chance .
everything around you is a potential deadly weapon when little hands are around .
i am returning to spain after living in canada for more than 2 years because i found work in our nhs .
spain has a very diverse population and spends 1/3 as much in healthcare compared to the us and yet the spanish national healthcare system is rated among the best in the world and our biopharmaceutical sector is booming .
execution which is both mechanical and narrative in nature is 100 the most important thing .
how the fuck did this take 3 years and a whole man 's livelihood to realise their accusations had zero evidence !
canada 's legal system should be ashamed i hope these 'women ' get a punishment but i fear they wont
i run it on a shitty laptop that was n't even good when it came out a few years ago .
wan na go to a club where people wee on eachother ?
i can definitely see how my friend could have felt all those emotions you just described .
one thing i am doing better than your ex i think is handling the aftermath better .
after the natural desperate e-mails on the first day i did give him his space i wrote him a long letter a couple weeks later and promised i would n't continue writing letters .
he actually responded saying he really appreciated it and would read it soon when he was in a better mood and even gave me a life update which i did n't think was something you did to people you never wanted to hear from again ... that was the last i heard from him though he did n't even respond to a short happy new year '' e-mail but i am definitely giving him his space .
the only things i send were the letter a reply to his reply to the letter and the new year 's e-mail over a span of 3 months .
he does seem to care and i really hope this is salvageable ... it 's just driving me crazy not knowing for sure .
i know that should n't be the focus though .
as for changing ... i 'm not sure how .
i 'm doing well with the people i 'm meeting and i think i handle casual friendships alright but i feel incredibly lonely without a relationship or a super-tight friendship .
and once i get one my negative behavior of inadvertent manipulation comes out so i 'm not sure how i can know if i 'm really getting better until i get close to someone again .
i keep trying to think of the friendship i had wondering which aspects of my behavior were okay and which ones crossed the line and sometimes it 's hard to tell the difference .
i wonder how i can know or if it differs person to person what they 're comfortable with .
if you 'd like to talk more i 'd be happy to talk to you about your experiences on skype or telegram if you have them it sounds like you have a lot more experience than i with these sort of things .
alright i 'll do it but you have to bring your own canoe and the price is double .
in reality when the government regulates or controls the distribution and production of goods it does own it .
not only that corporations own those in the federal government .
it 's not the voters but the donors that control the government .
a marathon or insert distance here is a challenge .
a marathon or insert any distance here is a challenge for you .
for your boss it 's just something to do .
others are entitled to their opinion just as you are entitled to yours .
so it was bad before so you do not see the problem ?
obviously not privy to dana 's call to bader but i remember him saying something like if he gets through the monster that is anthony johnson no one can deny him a title shot . ''
i do n't ever remember him being promised a title shot not publicly anyway .
there will always be horny 12yr old boys and the redneck subhuman species that will always watch muddin '' videos and touches girls butt prank '' vidoes ... and they will always enjoy it .
guess i should polish the pair i wore to work today ... http imgur.com/dugp7lf ms_moneypennywise tested osha approved .
not knowing the difference between your and you 're .
i do n't mess with any religion that keeps me from delicious things .
just checking i 'm a perfect 9 in tubulars so i should get an 8.5 ?
my worry with that account is that to me it looks a like a pretty good global account but jpn is so far ahead of global right now .
the literally any buddha '' looks like guanyin a female bodhisattva in east asia .
originating from and often categorized as a form of avalokiteshvara but she has some uniquenesses compared to other understandings of avalokiteshvara .
nice job to have one of these made by fletcher is over 50,000 http www.trendhunter.com/trends/fletcher-capstan-table-49700-expanding-table
they 've drove straight down the lane this whole quarter
this episode wo n't air until march 2nd according to wwe.com
the issue is that communism is incredibly difficult to achieve maybe even impossible .
i love everything but the way my face feels when i walk outside .
back in october she made so many mistakes during the trial that she started to cry citing a personal matter '' .
the trial was then pushed back 3 months 3 more months of hell for this guy .
yes it comes with everything to put a rig together .
there are no dust filters or any of the other extra accessories besides fan covers .
with great credit you can get 3.5 on jumbos .
well that 's if they 're going to be buying it outright and if you 're paying full price for an iphone you may as well have gotten a 5s instead .
most sales of a 5c are going to be driven through carriers where it 's a 0 option on a contract .
bear in mind that the 5c happened when contracts were still mostly a thing in the us .
mainly morphine and codeine but you are also getting a slight buzz from other alkaloids too .
but do n't let the flame touch the opium .
check out this https drugs-forum.com/forum/showwiki.php ? title=opium go down to smoking .
they gather funds to put on a show by seducing old ladies .
apple ceo tim cook launched the iphone 5essay today to the sounds of cypress hill 's classic insane in the brain . ''
the cost is a bit higher than i remember but still good !
our color is green all shades so this is perfect .
we are planning to put each leaf on a small sheet of paper with the love blooms line and directions for planting .
any gifs of a big icicle slamming into the ground like this one would of ?
he busted the nose off his old board trying to take on 4 '' sidewalk drops .
you get 12 segments in the 30 day pass and the only thing is that you ca n't transit one place more than like 4 times .
i.e.. ca n't have a route that goes nyc to niagara niagara to nyc nyc to d.c. d.c. to nyc and nyc to chicago .
each segment can be a trip of any length from 1hr to 40hr for example but any change means an extra segment .
i think the slow mo has your reference off .
this is n't seconds it 's maybe microseconds of reference .
like i said he does n't even have time to clench his fists .
all this time i though i could be a main eventer but it turns out i 'm just a jobber .
what happens when the rapist realizes he can buy these too ?
it 's a bit cold out to do an outside movie ? ''
well maple groves water tastes like cancer so maybe this isnt just a east of the mississippi problem
the note on the tumblr page http madonnascrapbook.tumblr.com/post/31346724458/millaciccone-madonna-by-steven-meisel-1992 where i found it says 1992 .
i would have guessed later she looks a lot like evita madonna to me especially in her face .
the real question is is nora ever not using her semblance in at least a minor way ?
i 've eaten a lot of taco bell in my lifetime and i used to think this way .
then one night i found the bad taco bell on the poor end of town .
i was happy because my usual order was 0.10 cheaper than normal because it was under a different franchise .
i ate my crunchwrap which was hot and tasted fine .
i also ate my steak quesadilla which was lukewarm at best .
it tasted okay but i 'm pretty sure it was the impetus for my gastrointestinal demise .
i would soon come to regret the trip with the worst diarrhea of my life .
the second day i went to work but felt ill and left almost immediately .
if i had known that i 'd be spending the majority of days 3 and 4 on the toilet i 'd have stocked up on fluids better .
i could n't sleep because i had to go to the toilet so often .
i ended up exhausted and at least moderately dehydrated .
at one point the liquid coming out of me was bright green from bile because whatever was growing in that quesadilla convinced my insides to take the nuclear option .
once the purge was done i did n't shit again for three to four days .
i did n't eat anything else suspicious and i did n't come into contact with anyone visibly sick .
none of my coworkers had anything before nor did they catch anything from me that week .
the only likely cause was the lukewarm quesadilla from the bad taco bell .
and in the case of photography the rules you and the model agree upon .
plenty of models do n't mind showing the full thing if the picture calls for it .
i have pleeeenty of pictures and artwork i 've done where i 've shown the full thing .
usually the more explicit works are hidden behind paywalls though .
i desire to make a difference on the world .
i have a creative vision and i seek to use and break any established rules to achieve my vision .
i 've constantly struggled with being called a mindless porn artist '' because i actually care a lot about what i 'm doing and what effect it has on the world and other viewers .
it 's an internal battle that i fight all the time .
i want to say i expect vice to spin this as a story of misogyny .
i do n't care how you guys do it but goddamnit i need results .
in the 2 months you 've been playing we 've had a major update the holidays and now an event coming monday .
baro ca n't always be rolling in the goods when there are vacations and events on the horizon .
as you rap about your dollars in ya thousand dollar joggers
is there shame when a famous rapper mother live in squalor ?
i ride a motorcycle and my favorite thing to do to non indicator signal users is to ride up to someone 's drivers side window when they are at a stop and knock on their window .
when they crack their window they normally do n't roll it down all the way as i 'm 6'3 with a giant beard and riding an old harley i inform them that their turn signal light is broken '' or burnt out . ''
i have been known to recommend a mechanics shop and have even had a business card of a mechanic on me a few times that i have handed to drivers .
i did this to a lady last week who was pulling out of a parking lot onto the road .
good to see copa90 still putting out some good serious content .
their channel has become too click-baity this last year or so .
i ca n't tell what you 're upset with here really ?
i 'm a woman i love steak i visit trollx ...
this thing just looks like the equivalent of coloring product pink to me .
there 's plenty of mods for companions idk about race though .
ulysses was originally going to be a companion but they could n't complete him he 's one of the best characters in the game so i 'd recommend a mod to make him a companion .
their cable ca n't be detached unfortunately which is why a modmic is needed .
but vat is seexty meelion dollarss to a spess nazi oferlord like me ?
mein assets number in ze treelions of zorkmids ... vat iss zat in dollarss ? ''
space hitler pondered for a bit then picked up a calculator and punched in a few numbers .
if you like those im surprised you didnt include sofia loren .
page 4 is the very start of arvizu 's testimony .
nowhere in there is a claim made that a swab from the rav4 had spikes that should have been called positive but a technician made a 'not detected ' subjective call .
it would have been hitting if it just came back in a little more .
i do n't see any reason why you should n't be able to build polders but without screenshots i ca n't know for sure .
i thought to myself we ca n't lose after that and with how we were playing the 5-5 we should have won the only way we were losing that round was heatwave if i had 2 more seconds to put the bomb down and headglitch the bomb we would have won
the assumption that a rich person who never had to cope with a threat of bounced checks is any more reliable is questionable .
i do n't see how lack of needing discipline '' is evidence of superior discipline . ''
you could argue any poor person is more subject to financial coercion yet rich people might be rich because they were unscrupulously driven money mongers .
i was originally going to try to tier for this event but i gave into the scouting box and blew all of my gems so i 've been saving for eli 's next event .
yeah ... 'south indian ' is n't a singular entity either .
there 's for some reason well let 's be real it 's white worship a bollywood centric view even in india and bollywood is just absolute utter shit .
not even close to representative of entirerity of india .
i am curious between the difference between anti social personality disorder and autism as it relates to emotions and navigating a word full of other people 's needs .
autistic people can experience sensory issues but not always which are more associate with autism but high functioning autistic people often get accused of being psychopaths because they do n't connect with others emotions and do n't feel empathy in way we socially believe most people should .
they have to learn how to act in order to appear normal and have meaningful interactions according to societies standards .
do you find that social situations exhaust you and you prefer to spend more time alone ?
do you have any sensory issues or anything you find environmentally irritating heat cold rain etc ?
those eyes tell me he ca n't stand being up past 7 p.m. i 'd be damned if he could stand being told that his nose looks like a baked potato .
as someone studying for a degree in marketing and publicity avoid letting your children watch many commercials and explain to him when you see a regular '' to you commercial all the things that are n't right and are n't like that irl .
once when i was little i saw a commercial for a seat car and the car was driving in the middle of the road on top of the white line .
i shit you not i actually believed my mum and dad were maniacs driving .
there was actually a criminal minds episode about this disorder .
i get the principle ... kinda but how is it low effort to re-host it when it takes more effort than actually directly linking ?
and in that case then why do n't regular tweets have to be in a text post ?
basically it seems like a pointless double standard that does nothing but confuse the rules .
i guess i do n't really care because i do n't post tweets but it does n't make a ton of sense to me yet .
not advocating it for the nfl but the arena league 's solution to this problem '' is that a negative or zero gain run stops the clock .
i would be happy to help you get it back
i think most liberals are motivated by both but some mostly by social standing .
i dunno if they 'll ask for the money back or what that would entail i 'm not a law talking guy i just think it 's funny that you called 5 million dollars a petty issue you just do n't see that every day .
to most people 5 million dollars is the opposite of petty .
might be a good idea to wait 6 months bro should see a some new ballen gpu 's soon
elves are blessed with immortality so be prepared to be with legolas until death do you part .
for anyone wondering about the shell he rubs on the pots its a finishing method that makes the clay smoother before firing .
if you hate someone that means you still have feelings .
there will come a time where you wo n't feel anything about him .
that was the other guy we saw earlier ! !
and yea we knew joggin is with them ... kept telling me salt was a god and we could n't mess with him ...
i duked it out wit him for over 30 mins between our base ...
i 'm pretty sure i went atleast 10-0 ... . some god he was ... . considering i have the lord and savior jesus christ on my side
i love you yet i know it 's not you..
that 's interesting that the satsuma was the only one that had the goods !
makes sense given the use of sf in the trailer .
i 'm mightily tempted to order some ... damn you swamp pop .
i stick to the or not and '' rule when eating out so share appetizer or order an entrée eat a burger or fries not both ...
so 1/2 of that or 1/3 of that would still work for me .
so far it seems blue origin has only managed to go up to the edge of space and back down not even sending anything into orbit .
spacex is sending satellites into orbit plus also the rocket that is returning has to go around the earth and then come back and land .
no where near the feat of what blue origin has so far been able to accomplish .
so clearly its an opinion ... but i do n't think its any more of a stretch than any other metal band .
just curious who would you put at or near the top of the list ?
space faerie drops a nice assortment of r90-99s if i remember correct !
this will be me if i decide to spend my life with a woman .
it may be horrifying to you but it makes complete sense .
i came here to say this not only can iodine deficiency cause goitre and a variety of other thyroid problems but it is actually also the leading preventable cause worldwide of intellectual and developmental disabilities .
that figure is a bit old but even so .
in quite a few countries it is law that consumable salt is iodised .
in brazil https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iodised_salt brazil though they actually had to regulate the iodine content of table salt the other way because people were getting too much iodine ... ..
washout carefully done can do exactly the same thing .
i doubt they asked people how much gas they had in their car before filling up .
but lets go with them asking people how much gas they were getting .
the dc area has a lot of people that have to drive a lot in order to get home .
again youre better off with a full tank for the weight and in-case your ass gets stuck goin down 66 .
edit hell you can even argue being topped off just refers to having a full container and not just adding a little .
he might be a little young right now but rl stine 's the haunting hour is quite good .
r/funny is always the reason i end up hating myself for clicking on r/all .
curry milsap drummond deandre and now turner on the same team !
i really hope these women actually want to make games and arnt sarkesian disciples lol side note sjws take a leaf from naughty dog and actually make a progressive game that is fun
yeah i got a dishonourable conduct '' badge in one of my defence attempts not long ago for the same kind of accidental shenanigans .
i played a fair bit of saboteur on the commodore 64 but i do n't think that 's what you 're talking about .
lately i 've been playing a fair bit of bubble bobble nba hangtime and wayne gretzky 's 3d hockey all on mame on a cocktail sit-down cab .
i do n't think those will ever lose their appeal to me .
you can clearly see the difference in graphical clarity when compared to new games but the gameplay is just perfect .
do you have something better to do than post racist videos in a city 's reddit anytime you find an ignorant youtube video about a crime committed there ?
the narrator in your video knows very little about indianapolis and i 'll assume you do too .
feel free to not post your next bit of propaganda here .
so just skype and go along together at first .
there are plenty of games that feature sexualization of teens or even children that are n't explicitly banned many eroge mugen souls akiba 's trip etc .
if that is the reason then they should make it explicit what the issue is and ban all games of that type not just single out yandere sim .
and before someone says that twitch is a private company and can do what they want they 're trying to be professional by avoiding associating with these games and yet their conduct is very unprofessional as can be seen from this situation .
i 'd rather not use a service that ca n't communicate .
does cohen highley still run annoying ass ads on the radio with that stupid we 're listening '' jingle ?
if you can rent your own house pay your bills etc you can keep all your money even if you come from syria with 100,000 euros
it was started by his group of friends because it was something the bunch of them always did together .
sucks on gas buts turns heads when you put the pedal to the floor and let that hemi growl
r/realgirls none of that fake crap you see when you look at porn stars or anything like that .
it 's nice to have successful baseball in ny no matter who it is .
whether it 's the mets the yankees or both have success is always better for the city .
when it comes to baseball and football i have no problem rooting for the mets and jets .
it 's not like hockey or basketball where the other teams are division rivals .
not to mention the combat system has aged fantastically it 's just the perfect blend between simplicity and optional complexity without forcing either one too much plus the sheer amount of areas monsters weapons loot secrets ...
your post appears to be a craigslist type post http www.reddit.com/r/losangeles/wiki/faq wiki_craigslist.2fjobs.2fpet_adoption.2flost_posts .
if this was a mistake please message the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/losangeles if you have any questions or concerns .
caring more about the consequences than worrying solely about who can get rich or save the most money .
not occupying other countries to control the outcome their resources .
not solely trying to get rich off of the manipulation and exploitation of others .
whether you want to call it socialism or something else it really does n't matter what it is called .
and m-may your dreams b-be f-filled of ... iv d-drips and s-scaples ?
your example is great because as a guy who 's been groped by a woman when i did n't want to be touched and had society laugh about it around me i clearly know exactly how much sympathy to give other people .
when women complain about getting their asses slapped we should ignore them because they want equality .
when minorities complain they should get equality as well .
if you are n't willing to treat people as well as you demand to be treated by society you do n't deserve it .
ooh i thought they were only doing that for end-game pvp .
i know you 've watched lots of videos but have you seen this sam harris speech https youtu.be/2of-it1ug5w ? t=1m35s on objective morality ?
he basically agrees with you that there are certain facts about the type of creatures we are and our requirements for a good life .
but the point is that those facts exist whether or not a god exists .
a god who commands people to behave in accordance with their requirements to live in peace and happiness is simply a glorified messenger .
the facts about what causes human suffering vs. happiness will still exist even if god disappears..and so the basis for morality still exists also .
a god literally adds nothing to the equation other than the promise to punish immorality after death..rather than in this life .
the newest update has made it double my heart rate when i first check it then it almost immediately fixes itself but it has had me at a higher heart rate overall since the last update and it 's always about double what my actual heart rate is .
i 've had this thing for months it was very accurate since the beginning i know how to wear it correctly and i do wear it correctly but that last update killed the poor thing .
a glock should do just fine no need for a kalashnikov .
you do n't need federal data to show you that it 's fucking common sense .
she can hear us perfectly fine but i have heard of people getting dalmatians with hearing problems .
not being snarky or rude or anything just asking .
i do n't particularly like it when it happens to me ... if i happen to catch someone doing it to someone else i splat 'em i got a nice kill the other day because someone was too busy gloating .
he wo n't find out he is a nice guy just makes cringey posts .
even if he did find out he would learn not to make these posts again
i do n't think any company would tell an employee a month ahead that they are being fired .
why would you want a disgruntled employee around the office for a month .
they might tell you that they wo n't be renewing your contract but if they 're firing you just turn up for work and do nothing what are they going to do fire you again ?
so many people donated even though the max roster in the game is 25 !
that sounds like citric acid in the pee hole .
you are just supposing a deterministic universe is inherent in an idea of god .
i say that god can exist without determining every little detail of our futures .
i do n't think i 'll be destashing anytime soon .
the palettes that contributed least were the ud vegan palette and the bare minerals magic act palette .
udv has half baked which has a lot of pan showing .
i may destash it if i finish that shade .
but it also has a real shade a like and reach for a few times a year .
i almost added that to my imaginary palette but was being honest and do n't think i 'd buy it as a single so i excluded it .
the bare minerals palette is my go-to palette for weekend or longer trips .
it has two blushes a bronzer which i love in my crease and a highlight .
it 's strength is n't shadow but i still love it .
i wonder how many shades i listed from other palettes could be closely duped by monarch or udxgwen though .
like half baked could be replaced by the gold in monarch .
other browns and variations on taupe can be substituted for with some mix of grays and browns i 'm sure .
the green and blue-brown from comfort zone and all the cranberries from revealed 2 would be missed though .
the us leads the world in medical pharmaceutical and technological research and development .
my grandmother had severe alzheimer 's and before she passed there were a lot of moments like these .
in the past her and i did n't get along too well .
i remember i was feeding her and she started to cry .
i asked her what was wrong and she said i wish it would n't have ended this way .
i wish i could have been a better grandmother but you have no idea how hard it was to handle your grandfather 's death .
shit makes me cry every once in a while still .
nobody cares about him or any other lol lore people miss the item not the character behind it
for me it shows up but the play button is unclickable for whatever reason .
edit found the cause there 's an invisible working play button an inch left and above the actual play button .
apple directly stole our user interface design and tried to get our software to work.check out their product and see how exactly it looks like ours . ''
you were submitted by u/gusstastic to r/creepy and you were taken away from us way too early .
please note that this bot has nothing to do with the deletion of your post .
bronn was substituted for ilyn payne back in season 4 when ilyn payne 's actor had to leave the show following a cancer diagnosis .
the scene where bronn helps jaime learn to sword fight with his left hand was originally done in the books with ilyn payne .
so since jaime 's adventure in the riverlands in affc was alongside the mute executioner when jaime was rerouted to dorne in the show it made sense to include bronn .
in fact not including bronn would have been weird .
all the dog show meta solutions should now be up and complete .
just checking when you are saying you are trying to fix the itunes rss do you mean trying to fix the podcast list on it ?
because i subbed and it only has episodes 36-45 and i would love to have the rest .
the doge looked at the monkey and birds for a moment it was not what he imagined bringing back to a king but the rule were clear the larger number of kills win not the more prestigious marco took his crossbow and exhaled as he aim for the monkey .
sorry to break your stereotype but from actual sources you can see brits have on average better teeth than americans and also visit the dentist more often .
you can buy omnipods from other variants of the same mech and change your hard points .
say the timberwolf prim has one energy and one ballistic in the left torso you can buy the timberwolf a left torso and put it there to get three high mounted energy hard points .
you can go to the mech lab and drag off your side torso it 's above the critical slots and replace it with something .
the trial ebon jaguar is not optimized as it only uses the default config which is generally bad for mwo .
the trial mechs with c are better suited to matches than the 4 clans that do n't have it there are only 4 champion clan mechs right now so the other 4 are sorta filler until we get more .
lrms are okay for the most part but do n't neglect your aim with lasers and srms and maybe ballistics later ppcs are just bad right now so only use them for novelty/nostalgia .
laservomit meta is just getting about 40-50 damage worth of lasers with a preference for large pulse lasers over er .
i think what you 're asking is if there 's a general discount code associated with this sub ?
if so might want to clear that up so it wont violate rule 8 .
what happens if a guest spills a drink on that table and gets it into the mechanism ?
please list all the ghosts.. i have this thing where i need to know their flag
and for my part i choose to accept kotor 2 's story over tor 's .
i just was there at a great time because i did a lot of research and knew when the sun would set that there was going to be cool clouds and i know how to use a camera .
he 's probably only known as jf in threads about the film django or another film he has starred in
fuck your gentleman 's code treat people like human beings .
if someone hits me i probably wo n't hit them back .
that 's just how i treat people not some code '' .
damnit i must have deleted it at some point ... thats lame .
'they ' make flacs from cd rips and vinyl too .
i 'm sure they will have 24 bit too .
problem is the site is invite only so if you 're not already on there it 's hard to say where to get it .
well at least one of the main reasons nostalgia .
i have heard that wildlife guys/cops etc will check out shooting spots if they hear what sounds like pistol fire also things like 30 rounds of 7.62 without reloading etc
and cops can and will show up at your place if you are shooting if they get noise complaints or other such things .
your submission was removed because it looks like you 're posting music without a correct title .
does it have spaces around the dash and does it have the genre ?
forgetting these points are almost definitely why it was removed .
you will need to delete this post before submitting again click on delete above .
if you are not posting music please resubmit with the appropriate tag in the title
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
i refuse to be made to feel inferior to someone who does n't know how to format commas properly .
i never thought of it that way but it makes perfect sense .
this is her way of telling you that you are making her uncomfortable .
tone it down a little and just enjoy those moments in person .
posted a picture of a overwhelmingly cute kitten in the creepy subreddit .
in a lot of cases drippers have a lot more airflow so more air is able to rush over the coils and can lead to a cooler vape .
i 'm studying nothing with a minor in too many institutions and they do n't take the other institutions ' credits and i 'm completely screwed no matter what
i imagine a lot of it has to do with how stacked they are dubbing assloads of shows at once on top of their new broadcast dubs .
i see macklemore as moreso struggling with his genuine appreciation for hiphop and his desire to contribute to it without being an ass .
ofc he made thrift shop but he 's clearly self aware .
whereas iggy is kind of saying well fuck him .
instead of being like you know he is right .
if you 're running 32-bit consider running it in 64 instead .
i dunno what the state of 64-bit in ksp is i 'm out of the loop but it 's just a thought .
if you 're already doing it in 64-bit i 'm sure there are ways to work with 64-bit values with c though possibly not in mono .
it 's great that you 're biological and adoptive families are close !
i have a garden hose clamped with jubilee clips .
we use it that way because that 's the personnel we have .
oel is our best player and doan and hanzal are both great at screening why would n't we do it that way ?
people do n't complain when we get 3 in one game with it .
ok so since your the one person i got responding to me and seem like you got your shit together in this game could i like pick your brain for some info .
it 's usually more like 3.00 that the atm charges you and another 2 3 that peoples bank charge them .
some banks are awesome though and not only do n't charge to use other atm 's but will reimburse you for the fee that the atm charged .
how does brago 's flicker ability interact with dreams of the dead 's exile clause ?
it seems like dreams of the dead would perma-exile anything you brought back with it that you tried to flicker with brago but then i could see it going the other way since brago 's ability also exiles and specifically says the creatures then come back from exile .
the rook by daniel o'malley was really good and very different from your typical urban fantasy fare .
it follows a member of a government sanctioned organization that is tasked with fighting and keeping a lid on supernatural threats and events .
the second book is due out soon i believe .
the main character is super op and kind of a gary lou but it 's written well enough that i 'm willing to let it slide .
the characters are all really great and entertaining and the magic is cool .
i 'll also put in another vote for the sandman slim novels .
i do n't like the main character a lot actually .
he strikes me as an over-tough anti-hero but everything around him is so cool and his friends are so interesting that i 'm willing to let it slide .
a e s t h e t i c s
i gave proof and you seem to have failed to brought up anything else .
you think anything that refutes your flawed world view is biased guess what ?
hey man i did n't claim to be a math expert .
a friend dj 'd there recently there was a different passive aggressive note about unplugging equipment lol
they are legal '' in that they are claimed refugee status .
oh yes we must ensure instant answer times for those seeking free money .
you were submitted by u/thejollyraja to r/creepy and you were taken away from us way too early .
please note that this bot has nothing to do with the deletion of your post .
when the cost in the time you spend on the class and the effect on your health and sanity outweigh the benefit of getting the grade that you want .
when you regularly are n't getting enough sleep or are constantly stressed out about it it may be time to lower your goal for your grade .
part of college is learning how to prioritize and to learn when to give and when to take .
despite the complaints of many undergrads most professors are not entirely unreasonable in their expectations .
but that does n't mean you need to be perfect .
a single letter grade wo n't mean that much down the line your health is ultimately more important .
give us a proper votekick for the few tards who inject rreal hax and we are good .
seconding the i would have thought you 're my age '' and i 'm 24 .
yep the items he 's been selling are n't inherently bad but mother of god those prices are absurd .
kek some dude heard kanye say that a couple times on no more parties and thinks its a song title .
i do n't know how widespread this is but in my area the local sexual health charity terrence higgins trust has a grindr profile so you can ask a real person for advice .
i think it 's a great idea but it 's a shame that it 's losing all of its government funding .
because of it i 've never had to pay for condoms in my life .
edit since this has generated discussion i get my condoms free from my university but other free/cheap places are listed below .
you can see god when i take my mask off
it 's just people judging other people they dont know .
mystery science theatre played the movie and had the cast dub over it like a director 's commentary .
if ah do that content id would spring in if its newer stuff .
i 'm glad you 're having no trouble remembering people 's names .
sneaky fucks didnt the iraqis capture the dam a year ago ?
hardmod ding really is the only secure way and even then i 've seen a few hard mods fail as well .
would n't home depot have an incentive for tests to be false positives instead of u safe false negatives ?
with a false positive customers are more likely to buy new pipes for their buildings .
100 stacks in an inventory that can only fit 41 stacks ?
tillman left millions on the table to pick up the uniform and fight for his country .
he not only chose combat arms but he was a ranger the best of the best .
the fact that he died by friendly fire has absolutely nothing to do with it .
honestly i feel like something must have happened to you or someone must have treated you a certain way to have the feelings you do .
the fact that you felt the need to point out that he 's not a hero makes you sound bitter .
there are people in my unit that have saved lives and that 's a damn hero to me .
and to be honest if you felt this way why did you feel the need to say something ?
seems like you 're trying to get attention from it .
ok im going to put my money down and say aus going to win this
i laughed at this picture at first but then i tried to figure out what that contraption was on top of the vitamin c textbook .
womens extremite circulation turns off at a higher temperature making us seem colder .
ca n't believe it 's been 5 months since i made that .
i have/had plans to make one for each floor i 'm such a procrastinator..
i did n't get around to posting them here but i also did some custom isaac badges https gbatemp.net/threads/custom-badge-sharing-thread.403808/page-12 post-5844709 https gbatemp.net/attachments/hni_0022-jpg.31459 too .
i just uploaded all of them here https badges.3dsthem.es/1842 .
theres like less than 20 properties in all of geelong that have nbn .
so just buff another part of her kit to make up for it imo .
for what it 's worth i started a subreddit for those who lost their parents when my mom died .
if you need a place to vent or talk there are others there that may understand what you are feeling and going through .
if you need to take some time from your sister that 's okay .
compassion fatigue is a real thing and it can be difficult grieving with others or handling their emotions with your own .
after my mom 's funeral i could n't talk to my father because it was always about my mom .
my sisters and i never talk about her together and it 's been a couple years now .
regardless you are allowed to have boundaries and you do n't have to carry her grief and your own if you do n't want to .
pain and heartbreak are not okay reasons to lash out and project your emotions either .
do what you need to do so you can grieve and move on in a healthy manner .
hahah im not that stupid i do check them if there actually equipped .
strange it worked for me all the time in previous patches
looks like if solid team has more points they win if not than liquid wins .
has there been any more ties where solid wins ?
there is a reserve only 15mins drive from my town city that actually changed their name because its old one had such a bad rep to it from all the years of violence substance abuse racism homeless-ness .
the list goes on but almost nothing good comes from it and the only good that did all move away from it as fast as they can .
i just logged into one of the new eu servers .
we 're two separate nations that embarrassingly share the same queen .
hell i 'm not even of british descent at all .
personally i have more success with catherine over ardan she is totally worth the pickup .
i first heard it on a compilation called as we travel folk funk flavours ambient soul .
if you 're looking for similar music i 'd recommend it highly .
ca n't newegg sue them anyway for all the other companies ?
i feel like newegg should be able to kick there ass anyway .
reddit gold is overrated as fuck sometimes i cry from laughter with my own comments and i get like 3 upvotes and you see some one word comment get gold .
so yeah i would suck a couple of dicks for reddit gold and a cheeseburger i guess .
maybe something that 'll keep you active like a sport .
try new dishes from other cultures if you like cooking and then see how you can give it a healthy '' twist .
fascist sciences like eugenics are the basis of supremacism .
it strikes a chord with the caste system and its racial supremacy theories brahmins as some intelligent creatures kshatriyas as martial race further perpetuated by british army and lower castes as surplus people fit for menial jobs the same way nazis had a race pyramid .
i live in manchester so i 'm up for meeting
there 's always support for ya in r/opiates personally i have found it during active addiction and throughout my sobriety as well .
i exited the pnw in november currently wintering-over on a beach in india .
it 's 88f the water is perfect i 'm wearing a swimsuit and a sarong sunglasses and big smile .
c'mon by the beach shack i 'll buy you a kingfisher .
i see this set for 3 bucks all the time .
just about every shop tha sells vhs has a few laying around .
if you go into swan song you are going down and that 's that .
however if you get tazed while in swan song you get the tiniest bit of health back essentially reviving you without a down .
that said usually when that happens there are other cops around and you get shot immediately and go back onto swan song so i tend to think of tazers as just restarting the song .
although i 'm not from the toledo area i 've heard mixed reviews of the horseshoe casino in cleveland .
i heard that angle shooting is quite common there .
i live on the oh/pa border so i go to the rivers casino in pittsburgh pa .
if you get a chance to head down that way their room tourneys are nice .
once it gets your location you can set it to x miles from where you are and it 'll show you what poker rooms that are nearby .
click on a link and it 'll show you all of the info you 're seeking .
tourneys how much the buy in is time days .
how many what type of cash games are running .
most locations will also include the current promo 's that are running along with their bad beat jackpot total and info .
this app is a live app so the info is current .
actually i am not patriotic in a common sense .
it is just i traveled quite a bit around the world and what i have here suits me more .
yep there is quite a bit of rough edges but still it is not a bad place to live despite what you read on reddit .
it 's very hard to look at russia without a bias because if you look at it critically you can be accused of pro-americanism and if you protect it you 're closing your eyes on corruption low level of life and other issues .
that 's pretty much sums up what 's wrong with r/worldnews discussion .
so if you are critical you are pro-american but if you protect it you are a blind idiot .
i am not so aware about low level of life because i lived through perestroyka and 90s so my standards of what low level '' means do not allow me to call what we have now low '' .
and to be honest today 's level of corruption is pretty manageable comparing to 20 years ago .
because how r/worldnews portraits russia has nothing to do with reality .
i live in a decent place but everyone make it like i am a drunk starving idiot in a rusty shack just because i am russian .
it 's truly naive to expect from russia to turn into norway or finland
why people want russia to turn into something russia is not ?
i cant stress enough how much i disagree about the job im on my 3rd working holiday and have never found a job first in any city in any country i moved to .
try to open a usd savings account at your aussie bank i recommend commbank and xfer maybe 3.5k over carrying the other 1.5k in cash with you .
right when you get there set up your bank and start the xfer it will probably take you 5-7 days to get it all sorted and receive the money .
the reason to open the usd account is to get a better exchange rate walking around with usd and changing on the street will almost always be a better exchange rate than through the bank .
honestly health insurance i always go as cheap as possible its always useless anyways unless you get into some real shit and even then the cheap one will still cover what you need .
i just bought patriot internati onal insurance for my nz trip .
between this and not wanting sex we 'd have a hard time mating too .
edit for those downvoting pandas have a major issue with reproducing because they have no sex drive .
i was thinking more along the lines of http metalgear.wikia.com/wiki/enemy_status
ah sorry we changed our permalink structure so that link wo n't work ...
i do n't know if you can edit links after you post them but the new link is http www.legalloop.co.uk/legal-loop-presents-dr-shaun-wallace
my view on this as a german is obviosuly a bit different tho especially considering that great germany was actually a concept for a german state basically the borders that ended up as germany in 1871 together with austria borders drawn along the line of where german is spoken excluding switzerland https upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/44/german1910.png
the kind of rhetorics trump especially employs would just be utterly unviable .
it is the kind of rhetoric that would be immediately associated with the npd or even the nsdap .
if a german politician would be succesful on a similar kind of rhetoric you would have endless articles of is germany drifting into fascism ? ''
that said this kind of ultranationalism is also really contained to the far far right in germany effectivley stifled since ww2 .
usually it is 6 hours waiting time when switching/creating teams .
if there are still issues hit up live support http www.umggaming.com/platform/ps4/blackops3/support and they 'll help you out .
shoot me a message if you want to play gt sstarwolf .
i 'm now living with my parents bc of an accident and i kind of remember why i moved away .
my dad is about as against my being trans as someone can be without resulting in violence .
he 's convinced i 'm just confused and in his words need to trust that god has a plan for me as i am '' i 'm not a christian anymore but i think he thinks i am .
how can i try to live as myself here without upsetting my parents and how can i deal with them whenever they confront '' me about being trans because i 'm kind of wanting do have nothing to do with them again .
i currently ca n't work so just moving out is n't an option due to lack of income .
i know it 's just a little bit of a vent but just getting it off my chest helps a significant amount
i am a fairly new vaper and one thing that comfuses me is the difference between regulated and unregulated devices .
it sounds to me like regulated devices are superior both in terms of safety and features .
i do n't know what the advantages of mech mods are .
my dad and mil yeah i sub to justnomil asking me the same question a billion times .
at this point i just want to come back with telling them i met some guys in the park they told me they could hook me up and we 're talking about it ...
or something along the lines of well i heard you can sell smelly shoes for a lot of money online . ''
this is not a question with an answer it 's just a test .
the problem with gamemaker is that the program itself compiles the games ' assets like sprites into huge unworkable sheets for the sake of efficiency .
just download update 19 or get your hands on a copy of wasteland kings .
there 's no rules on the distribution of mods for wasteland kings so if we clean up the code we can do whatever the hell we want with it .
it does n't sound fun to recode 75 updates . ''
it might sound like a daunting task but it 's really not .
the first three stages of the game were finished in wasteland kings sans the bosses and the first six were completed by update 19 .
most of the game from that point on is balance updates audio and visual updates fixing and breaking daily runs and new characters .
mechanically most enemies are carbon copies of one another .
there 's really nothing special to their behavior with some exceptions .
for example buff gators track their shots crow men fly and elite shielders teleport .
other than that they all follow the same general formula .
if you do n't focus too hard on making the game look pretty you could easily get the game to its current stages in about one or two months depending on how determined you are to see it through .
so this is something that 's been on my mind for a while .
from using it i 've cured my depression and anxiety completely .
i have seen my life laid out before me outside the bonds of time and this has revealed my true purpose in life to live selflessly and help to rid our planet of mankind 's destructive egotistic ways .
i love sharing all these revelations with my close friends and family as well as with strangers .
lsd has also made me realize unity that we all live despite our best efforts in the same beautifully infinite reality .
most of these understandings started coming to me after my one and only bad trip i will ever have .
before said trip i had tripped around 15 times .
i was incredibly happy when i was tripping i was the person i always wanted to be it reignited the flame of passion and fascination i had locked away in childhood .
however these effects only lasted during the trip and in fact increased my mental disorder in between trips .
it was not until my bad trip did i know this .
i began to experience intense anxiety and fear over nothing 30 mins in to the trip .
i with people who i love in a place that i love .
the whole day i fought these feelings tried to ignore them or distract myself and it was n't till i had been lying on the floor for 5 hours trying to sleep when i had had enough .
i finally realized that the entire bad trip was my fault because of choices habits and excuses i have made in my past .
i realized i had been using lsd to disconnect from my reality because i did n't like it .
this next point may sound confusing but i understood that i did n't like my reality because it made it easier in the short run yet harder in the long run .
i was emotionally disconnected from people i had friends who were complete strangers so i did n't have to deal with the stress of intimate relations and then i had nobody to help me deal with myself nobody cared enough to help because i did n't .
so i lied on the floor and deconstructed myself .
i let every experience i ever had come to me and i scrutinized it .
i questioned what lasting effect these memorable situations and choices had had on me and i asked myself could i have done better ? ''
i realized i had all these massive regrets even though one of my life rules is no regrets .
this inconsistency in my mind and life came from me not trying to live a non-regretful life in the moment .
having said all this i truly believe i understood these concepts because i intended to .
more accurately i intentionally allowed myself to stop blocking these thoughts from entering my mind .
then i began to look closer at the people around me .
i saw that some of them had not seen any of this and in fact ran from it if i tried to talk to them about it .
these people just so happened to be the ones who were addicted and live more selfish lives then compared to others .
i realized that they choose these lifestyles and used chemicals to ignore this fact exactly like i had done before my bad trip .
it was only when i intentionally let myself see the error of my ways was i able to .
i was not receiving love because i did not give love .
before my bad trip drugs acid included were having a negative effect on my sober life because of my intentions when i was high .
therefore in my opinion i was tripping the wrong way .
it was n't until i changed my intention to complete acceptance self-discovery and permanent suffering-alleviation did these things occur therefore making this method the right way .
i think we can all agree that if there is a meaning to life that it is the same meaning for everything and everyone .
as the sub reddit dedicated to acid i feel like it 's important if possible to come to a general consensus on these kind of questions or at least ask them .
happy trails i 'm sorry if i confused any one haha
every elite totw player i get does n't seem to work in this set .
what exactly do i need to complete this set ?
venho aqui pedir-vos recomendações de livros ou sites/artigos que falem sobre as políticas/atitudes tomadas pelas principais figuras portuguesas durante e depois do 25 de abril principalmente sobre o mário soares e o cavaco enquanto primeiros-ministros .
gostava de saber o que é que o cavaco fez para receber o dinheiro da ue por exemplo .
suddenly my last 4 bags are closed in the inventory .
no matter what i try or do when i close the inventory and re-open it again the last 4 bags will not be shown .
tried to restart the game many times but i can not get it to work .
however this affects only one of my chars the other ones are fine .
when i disable the option 'show all bags ' it works normally .
here 's a screenshot of the described problem http imgur.com/g1csokq
hey guys i was wondering if anyone knew where to get this costume .
i know you ca n't put it in the wardrobe because it isnt in it .
i saw a decent amount of people wearing it and i was wondering if its from 4man poharan dungeon
gilgamesh may not seem like the same guy from ffv but if you read his bestiary carefully and pay close attention to the cutscenes involving him and the final battle with his true form you may find that not only is he the same gilgamesh but type-0 is chronologically his first appearance in the series .
gilgamesh is a l'cie warrior and the current king of genbu he had a right hand man in enkidu but when a coup was attempted enkidu lost his life in the attack .
the first thing to note here is the history in type-0 this gilgamesh and enkidu were childhood friends they were children in genbu and grew up together .
so already this indicates that this gilgamesh did n't go anywhere or come from anywhere he 's not some wanderer from the rift he did n't magically appear kidnap a little boy and name him enkidu then proceed to conquer a nation he was born and raised a member of the royal family .
well ffv gilgamesh is an interesting character because he 's always implied to be withholding his true potential this is one of the things linking him to type-0 's gilgamesh as the entire reason the coup occured was because gilgamesh refused to show his power having a thing against displaying his strength .
in genbu only the strong are permitted to rule if gilgamesh did n't show them his power then he had no right to the throne save for right of birth and to many in lorica that just is n't enough .
so the coup takes place and is thwarted but at the cost of enkidu much to gilgamesh 's sorrow .
later on we find that the people of the militese empire have already struck lorica destroying the genbu crystal with an ultima nuke we even get to see the scale of the calamity and it is nothing short of impressive in scale and scope .
during the attack it was gilgamesh who was right next to the nuke trying to defuse it before it went off now remember this is a magic infused nuke or at least something so powerful that it 's comparable to tzar bomba in destructive scale .
this leads to the second clue we have that type-0 gilgy and ffv gilgy are one and the same he tanks this thing and survives .
now it could be said that his armor had more to do with it that and him being a l'cie and while the black tortoise armor is amazing high level players can still do damage to gilgy while he 's wearing it .
his l'cie powers give him the ability to summon barriers and have a thing to do with barrier magic and summoning swords and so forth but the important thing to note here is that in the type-0 universe l'cie might as well be eidolons because they 're equally powerful if not moreso .
so gilgamesh surviving a magical nuke at point blank clearly indicates that he 's immensely powerful powerful enough to thrash the milites empire alone if he so chose .
during this attack the genbu crystal was destroyed and gilgy forgets his focus .
when you finally do meet gilgamesh he 's lost his mind and is wandering the battlefield looking for powerful foes in mid-game it should also be noted that he 's suffering from confusion status during the entire fight .
gilgy is strong his attacks can easily cut the player 's healthbar down in 1-2 hits and he takes zero damage unless you use breaksight .
once you unlock his bestiary entry there are a few things to pay attention to .
the first is that his specific bestiary entry actually has a zoom function it 's the only one that lets you zoom in and when you do you 'll see that one of his eyes is scarred shut .
this is a direct parallel to pirate king gilgy from ff11 who is implied to be the same person despite being human .
if you look at concept art of gilgamesh in type-0 it shows him without his helmet and you 'll clearly see that he just looks identical to pirate king gilgamesh he 's just younger and his hair is better kept .
so already we have a clear resemblance to pirate king gilgy from 11 but let 's take this one step further .
during the third playthrough you unlock the right to fight true gilgamesh these are one on one matches with him .
if a party member is defeated they 're kicked out of the rift and their weapons are confiscated and replaced with joke weapons if he is defeated the character gets their ultimate weapon .
for his eight armed form the black tortoise armor is now sporting several new arms though whether these are mechanical or actual extra appendages i 'm unsure as the armor seems to have been designed with these extra arms attached in the fight .
however let 's back this up to talk about gilgamesh 's l'cie status .
in the fabula nova universe l'cie who fail their focus become c'ieth or monsters those with an exceptionally strong will can avoid turning to stone the eventual fate of a cieth and become the undying powerful cieth with a relentless hatred for all life .
gilgamesh is a l'cie in the type-0 universe and more importantly the rules of the fabula nova universe still apply here there are several references to l'cie becoming cieth and so gilgamesh is n't an exception to this rule .
when you fight him though he has n't lost his mind okay he 's sillier and he now has a weapon stealing habit but he 's clearly quite sane .
my theory is that gilgamesh did become a cieth much like the undying but through sheer force of will he turned the powers of cieth into just that more power .
in ffv gilgamesh is clearly cited as being a sort of fiend or demon but in 11 he 's obviously human .
what happened may be this gilgamesh bypassed the process of becoming a cieth by remaining in a half-state between cieth and l'cie through his own iron-will .
this allows him to casually transition from one form to the next freely meaning his eight armed form is a semi-cieth form that just looks more human because he ended up turning the powers of a cieth to another layer of his own powers this is further proven by how many undying have extra appendages usually in very inconvenient or weird places .
in type-0 gilgamesh suffers quite a bit more than any man should think about it his own reluctance to display his power pushed his people into trying to kill him and ended up getting a close friend of his killed .
then on top of that he had to watch as his great power was proven useless when his country was turned into a giant crater by outside forces and suddenly a bunch of rogue heroes bring him to his senses long enough for him to try to retain some sense of purpose only to be defeated by a person he 's testing .
gilgamesh by ffv clearly developed a sort of heroism is only for the worthy '' philosophy that carried on throughout every appearance he makes .
in every game you end up fighting gilgy he 's a powerful wall of a character who tests the heroes out type-0 finally reveals the reason behind this he 's trying to see if the hero is worthy of continuing their journey without failing .
in gilgamesh 's mind if they ca n't defeat him while he 's holding back they have no right to hold a sword hence why he confiscates their weapons .
my theory is that type-0 gilgamesh ends up in the world of ff11 then later he begins transforming to become more ciethlike but his own iron will stops the process cold resulting in the demonic warrior we see in later installments his eyes are both functional now he sports a set of horns and he 's become more eccentric either as an act or an effect of his half-cieth transformation and he now employs kabuki acting in his fighting style .
so from type-0 to 11 he tries to settle down live peacefully and is successful but ultimately he ends up finding his way into another world in exdeath 's employ .
by this time he 's taken to hiring faithful sidekicks '' and he wears a mask to his his facial features it 's very likely that he may have appeared in 12 after 11 as his newest version of enkidu in 12 is a rock wolf and he 's shown later on to have a considerable number of these creatures at his disposal meaning he was actively and clumsily trying to fill the void in his heart left by the long departed enkidu the only enkidus we see in 11 being the golem creature .
from 12-5 he ends up in world 14 where he tries once again to replace his faithful sidekick with an animal this time a green chicken/flock of them .
we know for a fact that 13-2 despite being ambiguous as gilgy 's canon definitely takes place after 5 because he uses a sword modeled after that version of enkidu .
this leads me to believe that the entire reason that gilgamesh even takes on faithful sidekicks that he names enkidu is because he 's trying to replace the close childhood friend he lost in the coup .
if you look at ff type-0 gilgamesh you get a lot of explanations for the behavior of his other appearances .
finally though the most clear cut clue that helps further that type-0 is in fact 11 gilgamesh and that 11 gilgamesh is in fact the same gilgamesh that has appeared throughout the series is actually a quote from the guy who explained gilgamesh 's backstory .
gilgamesh came from a village of powerful warriors or so he 'd said .
well lorica is a village city of powerful warriors the people of lorica are exceptionally large exceptionally strong and a force to be reckoned with hence why the militese empire tried to destroy them all as quickly as possible .
anyway food for thought nothing was ever outright confirmed but a lot of work was done to emphasize that type-0 gilgy is the same gilgamesh including the use of his dissidia theme in type-0 and in dissidia 012 there was a special costume you could acquire for him that utilized his genbu uniform it has a zipper in the back however so it 's still ambiguous
this is my summary of why type-0 gilgamesh may canonically be the same gilgamesh from the rest of the series as well as cementing that 11 's gilgy is also the same guy and 11 takes place just after type-0 .
i bought a couple of boxes during black friday and now i just want to get rid of everything .
i can also do a mix and match type of deal or if you buy more than one i can throw in a discount .
i recently acquired a roland jp-8080 which is a pretty sweet analog-modeling desktop synth .
i have a korg microkey with a usb midi connection and the jp has a standard 5-pin midi cable .
i also have a scarlett 2i4 that i can use to connect the jp to my pc with reaper or something similar but i 've had no luck with that yet .
i received a used dvd set in the mail and used a damp paper towel to clean the discs/dry them afterwards but they still are n't as clean as i 'd like them to be .
it is n't so much scratches as it is minor scuffs.. not sure how to describe it exactly .
i have ocd so getting them in as good of condition as possible is kind of a must for me .
i also tried windex and it did n't work too well either .
i did n't start playing until july so i completely missed shinano in game but how was she overpowered compared to the midway/hykaruyu i 'm curious
went out of my way to go to a vegan restaurant in pasadena this morning .
probably a 4 out of 10 the seitan was bland/tasteless .
was with an omni friend and confessed it was n't worth sharing as she probably would n't be impressed .
would love to be able to gush about good vegan food and share with others .
can do this at veggiegrill who marinates their food with spices and sauces overnight .
1 it is said that the atomic clock in colorado gets its timing from john bonham
2 his syncopated sonic symphony is credited with inspiring the exhaust notes of the ferrari f12 berlinetta and citroen gt .
3 'moby dick ' was used to dig the chunnel by blasting away the earth .
4 his subtle timing and delicate wrists made 3 legendary jazz drummers envious .
5 his right foot was used as a pile driver to drill for oil in the north atlantic .
6 his 30 minute drum solo once registered a 4.5 on the richter scale during a concert in germany in march 1973 .
7 he once outplayed the entire percussion section of the london philharmonic orchestra while simultaneously eating a sandwich in his right hand .
8 mathematicians have studied his timing to better understand pure math .
9 all rock drummers threw away their sticks in 1969 after hearing the first led zeppelin album .
10 his double bass attack was outlawed on 6 continents .
11 god has 'achilles last stand ' set as the ringtone on his mobile phone .
13 his hertfordshire steers had better rhythm than any other animals in the uk
14 'when the levee breaks ' is the the national anthem in the south sudan .
16 certain rare south american birds changed their mating calls to emulate his ching ring .
17 his great-grandchildren will be born with perfect rhythm and perfect pitch .
18 his shadow is in color and larger than ginger baker's﻿ ''
this is n't any sort of personal theory about the hound just what i have observed .
sandor reminds me a bit of frankenstein 's monster .
he looks hideous he is large and brother to a fearsome fighter and so the kingdom would believe him to be a brute with no other hobbies besides killing .
when everybody sees you as something you are not you start to become that thing .
maybe i 'm not wording this as well as could be done but you get the point .
another comparison to frankenstein 's creature is the names .
sandor is known by the name the hound '' a name that connotes loyalty and ferocity but his given name sandor is quite gentle and elegant .
in 'frankenstein ' the creature is called monster and is cast out from society not for who he is but for what he looks like .
the creature 's true name is adam for obvious reasons but a pretty unintimidating name .
both characters are looked down on by the societies they try to inhabit for what they look like and what these people assume their character is .
it is shown with both that they can be understood .
in frankenstein the creature befriends the blind farmer dude who likes him well enough until his family tells him what the creature looks like .
for sandor he seems to nurse a soft spot for both sansa and arya in his own way .
his instinct to protect them shows that he is at his core good .
there is a lot of talk about good and bad and the grey areas between in asoiaf and with sandor there is certainly some grey areas .
he has killed on order from the king and others he was once joffrey 's personal ‘dog ' and he did kill mycha .
however i am confident that this brute this killing machine is not the true sandor but what the people around him made him to be .
of course this all started with his brother and i think it will and should end with his brother .
cleganebowl would not only be awesome but it would take sandor 's story in a full circle and be cathartic for both the readers and the character .
and to be honest i do n't think sandor will survive it .
gregor is now ser robert strong which i think is safe to say is true and animated and strengthened by some sort of magic or alchemy .
while sandor is a large man and a good fighter he has sustained some injuries and can not compete with this monster of a brother .
in a fight i would say his best bet would be to out smart robert strong whose brains which were nothing noteworthy to begin with are likely addled by the reconstruction process .
this could mean that beating him in combat would not be as rewarding for sandor as he would n't really be beating the young boy who burned his face but a shell of that .
but suppose somehow the mountain 's mind survived qyburn 's rummaging about with his corpse .
it 's such a good well rounded fan theory that i just really want to see it come to fruition .
it would be a relatively simple and pure fight in contrast to these large sweeping battles we have seen involving so many different factions and complicated allegiances .
two men who have been at odds since they were boys that represent two different sides of those fighting in westeros .
those who have been swept up into this combative world and had to fight and kill to stay alive despite their true nature and those who thrive in this environment .
for sandor to defeat gregor would signify that there the struggles going on in westeros are finally leaning towards an end .
or at least come to some sort of climax .
thank you if you read the whole thing please comment on your opinions on sandor and gregor and the whole cleganebowl theory .
i 'm looking for a long-term partner for a long-term prompt .
i want to do a whole family style rp .
i want it to begin like a regular day with mounting tension between characters progression learning more about characters and their pasts then evolving .
i do n't want a in-and-out scene i want something that makes sense and continues .
tons of other things can be included you can check out my kink list https i.imgur.com/tomj9bm.png for more details about what i like and we can work any number of them in .
characters can be discussed at first or worked in gradually .
specifics can be discussed in pms just include your name and some kinks that you 'd like to play along with .
it seems as if no matter what i do i keep getting melted by every guy where as i have to pray that 10 hitmarkers is enough to kill someone ... . any ideas ?
it 's something that have been bothering me ever since i started playing .
i 've done some research but have n't found an answer .
it seems realistic that they can move vertically though .
i just landed a new job making more than just 10/hr and i 've decided i need to really bite the bullet and get a hold of my finances .
i 'm working on the first step in the 'how to handle ' link on the sidebar .
the excel spreadsheet i decided to use is this one https docs.google.com/spreadsheet/lv ? key=0akuptkxcfzjjdg00sdjzr0tzy1rirxhqr1non2d0r0e usp=sharing pli=1 but i 'm not married to it and can use another if that 's recommended .
my paychecks right now are different every two weeks and i was able to change it to be able to accept a different amount for the first and second paycheck of the month .
i do n't think this 'll be much of an issue though once the new job starts .
i put in my monthly bills and their due dates and it automatically puts me negative whether or not they 've been paid .
in fact there 's no way for me to differentiate the ones that have been paid and the ones that have n't .
i also put in the debts that i have .
i want to put in the minimum payment and due date but again it just shows me more in debt .
can i not put in the amount and date until i pay it ?
i 'm also trying to start this right now but was paid 3 days ago and have already exhausted some of those funds .
should i just put my entire bank account balance as my first paycheck ?
it 's still going to show me as negative especially if i put the monthly payment of my debt which i have n't paid because i ca n't .
tl dr i 'm trying to start a budget and get a handle on my money but i 'm just so damn confused and could really use some help .
edit if it will help i 'd be glad to post the current balance of my bank account debts new job pay rate etc .
i just really am tired of living at home and i need to learn to manage my money .
edit 2 here is what my monetary situation looks like now .
i still owe a total of 8,435.35 and the interest is 16.08
15th car payment 150 note my parents paid cash for my car i owe them around 5000 but they are n't making me pay this until i get a little more on my feet .
also i owe a little under 2000 to de'vry for one bonk ass class that i hated and got out of there .
that was over a year ago and i 've pretty much ignored them since i have n't had the means of paying it .
i should also add that i did n't pay the other school payment this month because i could n't and the phone bil and car insurance are already paid for the month .
lastly my new job is going to be full time mon-fri 9-5 .
i 'll have full benefits/401k and starting out at 18.50/hr
i 've never built a gunpla kit before but i really want to get started with an ew heavyarms .
is there anything i should know about the hg i.e .
are heavyarms still being made or if i 'll be ordering something from 20 years ago if there 's something horrible about them i should know about etc .
hello i 'm looking for a female moody smeargle in a premier ball .
the ivs/evs/nature do n't matter since i 'll be breeding it .
in return i have a ton of breedables with egg moves hidden abilities and most with poke balls that match the look of the pokemon .
i have snivy carvahna totodile ralts dratini tepig riolu sableye marill bulbasaur charmander gible drilburr torchic pawniard shroomish poliwag lotad deino and a bunch more .
i can also offer bp items or maybe a trophy shiny since this is kind of a big ask .
let me know if you need any more information or requests thanks for the help !
this is related to my last post but a question about a different kind of gadget ...
they make this system that comes in two parts one for the girl and one for the guy .
the guys part is a hole with virtual skin and sensors that record the movement being made inside of it and the girls part is like a vibrator but it has motors that can reproduce the movement made in the hole part .
so they guy can use his fingers or penis in the hole and the girl feels the same thing in her .
the data is sent over 3g between cell phones and the two different parts connect to the cell phones with bluetooth i think .
so it 's not technically sex and the guy and girl do n't ever see or touch each other they do n't even have to be in the same building or continent for that matter ...
now i 'm not married and i 'm interested in whether or not this is okay before marriage as it 's not really sex at all it 's more like sexting but i 'm also interested in your thoughts and opinions on using this type of thing if you are married .
we all love to get high and have a good time .
here 's an example of someone who took it way too far .
prerequisite/disclaimer i 'm an atheist and do n't believe in any high power or spiritual matters due to lack of evidence .
i went through a period of dxm abuse spanning a little over a year .
i was at a point where without some kind of chemical suicide was very likely .
nothing but a year chalk full of drug abuse and isolation mostly revolving around dxm weed alcohol and cigarettes .
basically i came out on the other side a full-blown 'schizophrenic ' .
i was convinced that i was living in a machine that stars were our dead ancestors and could talk that everything everyone had ever said to me was meaningful and had led me to my spiritual awakening .
i thought that god had given me visions of rebirthing and reincarnations .
that i 'd been shot through the tunnel or tube that everyone experiences upon death .
the rebirthing is a cleansing of the soul and i was able to glimpse this process and retain myself .
i began to hear the voices of my predecessors .
chiming in on all of my life decisions and happenings .
it was comforting to know that i was n't alone .
that somewhere out there my spiritual comrades were watching over and guiding me .
i started seeing messages sent just for me in everyday objects .
road signs billboards.. when people would speak i would dissect their words and discover hidden meanings .
they were angels all around me guiding me i just needed to listen and decipher their holy message .
when i would walk around i noticed that peoples ' faces would become angelic demonic sometimes distorted .
why was all of this being revealed to me ?
my awakening was a sign that i was about to fulfill my destiny .
i could haunch down with my head between my legs resting on my feet and tap into the core .
it would reveal to me where to go who to help and what needed done to preserve the balance between good and evil .
i knew my calling and no one was going to stop me .
my behavior started to deteriorate into what i can only imagine would appear as a total mad man .
i was dueling serpents when they would spawn trying to ambush me .
one night after a nasty encounter with the evil snake i was in my back yard smoking and air force one flew right over my house .
i knew that i was receiving national recognition for my endeavors .
i knew that the higher ups were connected to the spiritual realm just like i was .
they could feel the spiritual strength emanating from my homestead and were congratulating me on my victory .
my behavior began to get worse and worse and soon i could n't even communicate with my fellow beings .
i was convinced that people were just acting appalled at my behavior but secretly knew that god 's work was being done .
as angels they had to maintain an image of ignorance .
a few close relatives began to voice real concerns and after a psychotic break late one night i was taken to the hospital .
i spent multiple stays in the in-patient psychiatric ward and was interviewed by many therapists .
i had a team of three psychiatrists they experimented on me with a bunch of different medications .
and to be honest i think the medications only made things worse .
that 's when they began doing electro-shock therapy on me .
i think there were 27 ect sessions in total .
it had weird affects on my memory and i 'm still paranoid that it fucked me up somehow .
i guess the moral of the story is do n't be a fucking idiot and stay high on this shit for years at a time although i 've never been so happy and felt as much purpose as i did when i was fully convinced that i was a warrior of god ...
i can totally see why the religious delusion appeals to so many people ..
i meditated took a cold shower and squeezed in time to play guitar before work .
i had a lot of energy today as well .
hoping for day 6 to go just as well .
i 've noticed some pretty dank memes from momo art somebody should do the rest of them .
we can use the command s/oldstr/newstr/g to replace all occurrences of oldstr '' with newstr '' in the current buffer .
but is it possible to filter out matches of oldstr '' that are part of or linked to a syntax group e.g .
the manual method confirmation flag s/oldstr/newstr/gc is slow and tedious on large files so i 'm hoping to find an generic automated way of accomplishing this task .
the goal is to substitute all occurrences of oldstr '' with newstr '' in the current buffer as long as the occurrence is not part of a comment .
horny and just looking to let a load off with some help from a curvy woman .
i am looking for people who regularly sell items at 80-82 market please post here if you add me saying why you added me negotiation or selling .
float value 0.05099706 20 out of 22 on exchange not duped
b/o 555 keys or an appropriate amount in items 555-560k after reduction to 85 where needed open to offers !
no other form of payment accepted including paypal webmoney skrill etc .
please send a trade offer it makes both our lives easier if you wish to negotiate say so in the offer ! !
if you must add me please post here saying that you did i 'm flooded with requests
i am not sure how to get in contact with the local community .
preferably the japanese versions but the english versions would be appreciated as well .
their name is dead poetic and theyve been around about as long as brand new has .
no one really seems to know who they are but they have a lot of similarities .
so i 've been vaping for about a 2 months now on my evic etc mini and i 've been really enjoying but the flavor has n't really been there lately .
i 'm using the ego one mega tank and it really has n't been doing me good so i was wondering if maybe i could get some suggestions on new tanks .
also i need new coils ive heard building your own is way better but i 'm new to this and it sounds difficult .
i just want something that i could get great flavor a lot of vapor .
i need something to go under my full shadowed combat armor for my stealth build .
i dont know of any clothing that is black that also allows ballistic weave .
if bethesda would add ballistic weave to bos uniforms that would be fkn great for the bos officer uniform .
just wanted to see if people had a good source for pre-built specialty coils .
i 've started to get the hang of some of the basic twisted coils and what not but just wanted to see if people had any good links for where to buy some of the more exotic coils preferably reasonably priced .
i understand a fair amount of labor is involved afterall .
i was playing lw today april terror newfoundland map .
one civilian got speared twice by a lid and ate plasma from a floater .
he likely saved the lives of two of his fellow citizens by being such a tank .
have helped people all day need to get it done .
to join add your gamertag to the game lobby here https www.the100.io/quick_join/ttw-p5bnl_u https www.the100.io/quick_join/ttw-p5bnl_u
or you can reply to me here on reddit .
i 'll send invites on a first come first serve basis .
you can also use the chat on the game lobby page to communicate with me .
i played a lot of wow and ff14 and both class system and game was pretty easy now ive been trying wildstar but i am getting overwhelmed with how everything works is there a simpler free mmo that is pretty easy to get the hang of ?
i do n't have a lot of time so the easier the better
hey guys looking trade this karambit with a fully black ps http screenshots.metjm.net/s76561198174748039a4910046141d2363979005139572475.jpg
hi i 'm looking for a piece of processing equipment that takes in a decoded 7.1 signal either through my graphics card 's hdmi port or as a usb device applies some sort of headphone surround like dolby headphone or cmss-3d then outputs the two resulting channels through optical .
searching on my own turns up the realiser a8 which is outside my budget .
hello everyone i am a teacher at a high school in brazil and i need some help with my situation
here we have a different system to calculate the marks of a test and its questions which consists of assigning values '' to each alternative of each question .
question 1 which one of the following are male names ?
so as you may have noticed each alternative has a number before it indicating it value '' following a system of powers of 2 .
in this case the right alternatives are 1 2 4 and 16 .
so the student must sum 1+2+4+16 and write the result on his answer sheet 23 on this case
besides if the student does not choose all the right answers but only a part of it like 19 on this case he will receive a mark proportional to the number of right answer there were and how many he chose .
but there is a problem if the student chooses a wrong alternative he will lose the whole question .
what i need is a way so i can have in the first column all the right answers on the second the student answers and in third if he got the whole question mark only the partial mark or if he lost '' the whole question .
sorry for the bad grammar english is not my native language .
ask anything you may want to know in order to help me !
i do n't know why i 'm doing this .
im 300 and i 'm doing everything i can to get in some sort of calorie burning work outs .
only problem is i have ankle condition called perineal tendinosis from when i used to be active back in my prime .
i want to get out there and start jogging or even walking but even wrapping my ankle up and taking some anti inflammatory medication do n't always do the trick .
any at home suggestions to get those calories burned ?
getting drunk because i want these people to suck and they do n't .
okay organ donor is my all time favorite song !
i am curious how many other people want it to have a vip version ?
if not what song would you like him to vip ?
send me a pic that turns you on and tell me a kink to focus on .
i 'll send it back to you asap with a hot little caption to make you cum .
fav topics but up for anythings family/incest forced bi ageplay humiliation toieltplay sunff cumplay throatjobs insertions ... the list goes on .
send me anything and let me create a masterpiece for you to cum to !
'' i do n't look asian black hispanic arab enough to face the bad kind of attention .
this post is partially aimed at gathering thoughts and opinions and insight in to if a mod like this is even possible and if it is maybe inspire someone to attempt to create it .
i am no modder and have limited knowledge of modding but i have seen what modders are capable of making and witnessed some amazing feats by the community as far as showing what is possible .
having said that my idea is to have a flare/glowstick as a droppable '' item similar to that of construction components that could be quickly assembled and stored in the players inventory .
the player could then have the item and just drop flare/glow stick out of their inventory on to the ground .
the real challenge i think is that the inventory item would have to be made as a light source similar to an interior light .
for what i can remember there are three specific types of light sources in se one being a star environment light a block i.e .
i would imagine that all of these types of light sources in se are handled slightly differently as far as the code .
in the cases of a block or character energy '' is required to power the lights .
where as in the case of a flare or glow stick being a droppable item they would not have a power source but a maximum life '' determined by max floating objects ?
while i know we have the all powerful helmet light i just think it would be a nice game mechanic in specific situations .
lets say you are in mine far from base and you run out of juice no power .
instead of being stuck in a pitch black environment .
you could drop a glow stick that would emit light for a long period of time at a low intensity or a flare that would emit a more intense light source for a shorter period of time .
additionally the mechanic could work in other situations loss of ship power exploring ruins or hunting sabroids at night whatever .
now i am well aware that there would be some challenges with making this type of mod and i am not even sure if it is possible at least to the extent that i envision it .
which is where the more experienced community members and modders come in being that you probably know best in what the possibilities are .
is something like this even achievable is there an alternative or better idea ?
lastly if you think this is a good idea and should be included maybe a email to marek would do the trick or better yet a hand written letter !
anyways have at it se community eat this idea alive !
sorry if this is against rules as i 'm asking for recommendations but not on vendors or anything .
when buying stims mostly 3-fpm i prefer to put them in gel caps and swallow .
i know eyeballing doses is a very bad idea .
i 've looked around at scales but thought you guys may know something i can get on a budget just so i can be consistent .
i 'm lv 17 i tried asking bardon and blake but they do n't have it how do i get it ?
i 'm putting in a new turbo today but just wanted to double check i am applying the gaskets right before i put it in .
the gaskets have a shiny side and another side i 'm guessing the shiny side faces outwards ?
i have some cheap ikea shoe trees in a couple of my nicer pairs and have been looking to upgrade .
recently i 've seen a lot of people posting pictures with nicer shoe trees the ones with the flexible metal center .
had a couple dip out due to real life could use some replacements
i hope this is the proper way to go about doing this but it seems like a pretty specific subject to be looking for .
do you know of any books or series that have magic mostly dealing with spiritual or religious faith it does n't have to be completely as that might be hard to come by .
i 'm looking for the main characters to either be or be friends with paladins clerics etc .
i 'm not religious myself but i find the idea of it very interesting to read about in a fictional setting .
for example in elizabeth moon 's the deed of paksenarrion the main character has a bit of a fascination with paladins and that 's all i 'll say in case you have n't read it and are wanting to .
i run a 4-3 defence and was wondering who you guys would start 85 clay or 85 derrick johnson ?
looking to do some role-play or have a discussion with anyone interested in my cock fetish .
the discussion could be with a female who agrees bigger is always better .
alternatively praising a man for being better than i am because he has a few more inches .
all conversations can be demeaning if you want to take it that way or not .
it can be a fun conversation about cocks or it can be a role-play where a large cock man dominates me .
do n't forget to submit your pound-for-pound lists ! ! ! !
please see the stickied post to send yours in .
my friends have an 18-month old and twins on the way .
they own a 2004 saturn vue at the moment but are willing to sell it and get another vehicle because even if they can fit three across in the back row it does n't feel as safe for them as having a bigger vehicle with them spread out .
is three across inherently less safe than having three rows with one child in one row and the other two in the other row ?
have any of you tried three across in a vue ?
they do n't have car seats for any of them yet the 18-month old is still in his infant seat but needs a new one soon .
so they asked me and they have all the options in the world .
if they get a new vehicle it would have to be used and under around 8000 and reliable .
they like the look and crash ratings of the '07-'09 saturn outlook they have only ever owned a saturn but would be willing to consider an expedition-sized vehicle or even a mini-van .
i 'm curious if they got an 8-passenger outlook and put the 18-month old in the second row middle seat if they could still fold down the other second row seat to reach the twins in the back row ?
they want the children to be rear-facing as long as possible and honestly just want to choose the safest option for them as far as which vehicle they choose which car seats they choose and which configuration in the car would be best .
do any of you have any advice for me to give them ?
i hope this makes someone 's night ... just got back from a walk to check out the snow and found a samsung phone just poking out of giant drift .
despite being found caked in snow it 's still working just fine !
pm me if you think it belongs to you .
phone was found on new hampshire between t and swann .
the phone finally rang.. it was the owner.. and the phone has been returned !
hey there guys i´m not it or in tech support i´m a~~n ennemy user but i like this sub .
i´ve read a couple of threads about stupid loops that mail gets stuck in and here´s my little grain
my boss is kind of paranoid not totally to his fault really so whenever i get an email he gets a copy automatically this was set up since the guy i replaced started the position .
6 months ago he goes on vacation and asks me to set up an autoreply to say that .
i´m no it but i know a little and have some google-fu so he usually asks me for stuff like this before trying it which is fine .
due to his weird version of outlook i couldn´t set the autoreply myself and then i asked it to do it for us .
not long after this my email gets the fritz .
i can still receive mail but can´t send it it just stays there in the outbox .
i asked it for help and they never quite found the problem after days and days of trying all sorts of fixes including reinstalling all of office and some stuff with our mail service .
i was forced to switch to thunderbird in the meantime which somehow worked .
we had suspicions the problem had to do with the theoretical loop that would happen if i sent my boss an email he would get it then i would get the autoreply and because he gets a copy of everything i get he would get it back again and so on .
what confused us it and me is that this should have been a problem with the mail service but somehow only outlook took the bullet since thunderbird seemed to work fine .
as i said before they never found a solution to the issue which one of the guys thinks was due to a corrupt .dll file that was impossible to eliminate completely other than to format the computer and star over clean .
at first i didn´t want to because my computer had these certificates that let you log to our car manufacturer´s vpn .
this thing is so delicate that in will only let the account in the pc where it was installed to use it .
if you lose the certificate somehow you have to pay 10 to get a new one reissued .
it´s not much but it requires an international bank transfer so we don´t like to ask for them very often .
the certificate was of course set up in the account of the guy i replaced which i used at first but then was given one of my own so whenever i need to log to that vpn i had to switch users .
i finally agreed to reimage the pc and upgrade to win7 in the process the computer originally came with 7 but was downgraded to xp for reason i don´t remember .
this was about a week or two after my boss had come back so the autoreply had finally been put down .
my mail was working again and i only lost some stuff after the reimage including spider solitaire damn ! !
but we´ll never know what the hell actually happened .
i 'm looking to do a podcast for my store and looking for what people enjoy from their favorite casts .
other than topic or content what are the best qualities you enjoy ?
i think i would like to build a jubelle for my ad to climb my rank up to c1-c3
do you think vero lead jubelle molly darion would cut it in ad ?
what build should i do in my jubelle and darion ?
i started reading a light novel a few months ago but cant rember the name in it the main protaginist was in jail on death row for something he didnt do but he got sent back in time by some kind of god not sure which what kind but he got sent back with some kind of thieving power if someone knows the name of it that 'd be great
i love it when 50 of my gpu is used .
honestly 20fps on a drafting screen is my favourite thing ever who needs smooth frame rates ?
posted this in the post-game thread but am hoping to spark some discussion .
might be a bit incoherent so apologies in advance .
we looked pretty tired tonight and it sucks melo might be injured again but i 'm thinking we 're getting to that point where something has to change very soon .
on the coach i 've been giving fisher the benefit of the doubt and i think he 's been improving .
but the question becomes ... is his improvement fast enough for front office and the fans ?
in my mind fisher has shown some flashes of brilliance but then there are still moments when we see something obviously bad e.g .
there was a game recently where he should have clearly pull calderon and put in a guard that plays defense .
i 'm going to continue to give fisher the benefit of the doubt because i think phil is working with him and he has been improving .
i also think a mid-season coaching change would send the wrong message to players throughout the league especially fas this off season .
it is better to look like we 're incrementally improving and have stability vs. our front office looking like they do n't know what we 're doing .
on the pg problem the biggest obvious hole is our pg problem and everyone knows it .
here 's my not great but fine ok we need to do something '' idea .
and by all means it 's nothing new we sign wroten until the end of the year .
of our big men to a playoff-bound team in need of a big s remember we have willy hernangomez coming soon too .
we include calderon if possible and a 2nd round pick if we have to .
someone posted this trade http espn.go.com/nba/trademachine ? tradeid=hl2oao3 and this trade http espn.go.com/nba/trademachine ? tradeid=h7f6d38 .
i 'm not in love with either lawson or jennings but lawson is non-guarenteed in 2016 and jennings is ufa after this year .
this gives us some time to see if wroten and lawson/jennings can mesh with the team this year ... think of it as a half-season audition .
if wroten or lawson/jennings bust we 're not stuck .
in fa we can then go after the best fa pg we can get which is probably conley .
i 'd like to believe that our front office has n't done anything re pg because it 's a little more complicated than we think .
maybe they are trying to sign someone off waivers and do a trade .
maybe they are going to call someone up from d league but want to get a trade done first .
i 'm hoping we can make some kind of pg change sooner than later because we 're more than half way through the season and we need to know if we can make another pg work .
if we can find a better starting pg now we can try to keep them next season and then we may not have to go after conley .
we can then use that fa to sign someone else perhaps a better fa and maybe look at getting a better-and-younger-than-conley pg the season after .
why not allow everything to be in the buy menu ? .
etrae 's still at his bat mitzvah so i retain control of the amateur hour box .
just like the other daily discussion posts talk about anything related to the topic obscure characters and canons but also win some stuff .
but not the good stuff you 'd normally win .
characters fandoms and canons that do n't get enough attention on this sub whether they be completely obscure brand new or just generally unused .
1 page of search results on www is the cut-off not counting huge group/team battles that only add the character for completion 's sake .
contests change from week to week by picking from a pool of different contest types .
this week we have two new contests of my own design which i will detail below .
contest entries should be posted in reply to the designated comments .
winners will be chosen at some point monday morning the cutoff is whenever i first check reddit .
if you win you will be notified in the early afternoon .
discussion can stretch the qualifications for obscurity above but contest entries must match them .
so here 's what we 're gon na do to celebrate choose an obscure character and describe them as somebody would if they were a mysterious entity unknown to science .
for instance superman is n't a superhero from krypton he 's an anomalous extraterrestrial being who displays the ability to fly via converting solar power into some unknown type of energy ...
please mention the name of the series your character is from in your entry .
if two people do the exact same character only the first will count .
pick an obscure enough character and then through the magic of your ears find a song that you feel describes them or fits them in general .
a rap a tv show theme an orchestral piece or this ?
no this is n't just an excuse to ask you guys to recommend music !
try to explain why/how the song fits if you wan na win !
the song can not be from or associated with the original work the character is from .
song length does n't matter but it should be more than like 30 seconds yeah ?
please mention the name of the series your character is from in your entry .
if two people do the exact same entry only the first will count .
you can however put the same song with a different character or give a different song to the same character .
my lawyers say this is not a good idea .
instead i will send you a hilarious picture of a koala .
rewards i will draw or photoshop a picture of anything you want scouts ' honor .
did you post an obscure character post this week that did n't get noticed ?
link it in the comments and i 'll put it up here .
the best overall post will get the sub 's free sticky slot from monday to whenever .
i do n't have the authority to give these out guys .
instead uh just be jealous of mine i guess .
i have a sandisk sd card and it stopped working .
when i would insert it into my camera or computer it would read for a second then disappear like it was ejected on the camera it said it was corrupted and would n't work .
i figured the best way thing to do was to format it and then see if that solved the problem and then recover all the info .
so i formatted it and now it 's working again .
but i can not figure out how to recover the pictures .
i found a couple softwares but they 're both out of my price range 30-70 .
is there a reliable free or cheap i can afford 15 software that would do the trick ?
i just saw him on bill maher recently and i know i 've seen him before .
now r/politics is posting about alan creating a bill that heavily supports bernie 's plan for universal healthcare .
although it also mentions alan is working on becoming senator in florida .
alan grayson joins bernie sanders ' move for free college tuition http floridapolitics.com/archives/199320-alan-grayson-joins-bernie-sanders-move-for-free-college-tuition
yea no ... i do n't have one and no one else does .
do n't bother every possible theory you can think of has already been said a billion times .
just stop with these crazy theories and stop thinking no one else has ever thought of your theory before .
first of all thank you my used armour '' question have been well answered this is a great community !
now this before asking here i have looked a lot i mean a lot to find plan or patterns to make my own padded hood throat protection included to wear under my houndskull helmet and i did n't .
do you guys have by any chance a site that gives a pattern plan or explain how ?
i 've only found so far found one without the throat protection ...
the president had invited danco into his office after his appointment to the position of colonel and now the two men stood face to face .
my word you 've come a long way from that backwater have n't you ? ''
danco tell me what is it in life you want most ? ''
well tell me one last thing what is it you think i invited you here for ? ''
because i called you to my office for one reason to see you . ''
do n't think your ambition has n't caught the eye of those above you danco .
and like that with a wave of his hand danco exited the room intrigued and bewildered .
the president and danco had gotten to know each other at this point and danco was getting to him finding what made him tick .
he liked loyal men strong men in the political sense .
they went to lunch for a while on this day .
rene tell me what brought you to such brutality earlier this year ?
it is obviously controversial that you decided to open fire on the miners in july .
i think this could and has held serious repercussions on your government .
are you fearful of the army at all ? ''
the army is my tool and i will use it as i please . ''
tell me why do you think as you say you 'are the army ' rene ?
what makes you stronger than those below you ? ''
to quote the athenians the strong do what they can and the weak suffer what they must . ''
well i think now is a good time to end this lunch colonel .
danco retreated back to his home as if it were the abode of a snake and he plotted and schemed .
mr. president i believe your ideals are flawed . ''
tell me why then do you think this ? ''
because to command the loyalty of an army is harder than simply holding a position .
i believe you must command loyalty by respect and respect by example .
in short the leader of the nation must lead the national army in equal part sir .
it is what countless monarchs did and it is what all leaders should do . ''
perhaps you are right danco ... over the past few weeks i think i 've grown to trust you and your suggestions .
if you will i am holding a meeting in the near future and any plans you may wish to hand over may be considered at that table . ''
danco was happy with himself but he lusted for more .
he strolled in on a sunny day to his new office which formerly belonged to the now-jailed colonel luiz and he sat down .
danko asked klaus to hand him all the documents of importance regarding the west sucre military district he could find and set off for the presidential offices .
he walked down the many halls before he found and swung open a large double door into a well-kept room with simple yellow paint on the walls and a large table stretching from one end to the other of the rectangular meeting place .
there were all sorts of various military and economic officials of the government at this table .
ministers and soldiers there 's so much wrong with the state of this country i ca n't work it out .
we 're in inflation up to our necks the people hate me and we 're having serious issues with the structure and bureaucracy of the army . ''
i suppose the first one of those we should address is the scope of the army and its machinations .
danco rose my staffers and i have been working on a reworking of the army and its branches for some weeks now .
we propose something that may seem odd to some of you and bizarre to others .
we propose that the military and civil authority combine into the body of the office of colonel-governors so instead of the military informally running the show we really do .
mr. president there 's no such thing as civilian authority in the state and i think you 're keenly aware of this .
so why not just delegate the power into the hands of the military officially instead of keeping a facade up ?
these 'colonel-governors ' would of course be appointed by the authority of your office that of the president and as such would ultimately rest in democratic hands . ''
you make a good point colonel cochabamba but would n't this erode the power of the senate ? ''
we would act as if you will martial authorities with all the rioting in the streets as of late we 're needed to keep the peace .
if you 'll excuse me i must go to the restroom sir . ''
danco then got up and walked down the hall to the toilets .
some real martial authority could be just what this city needs .
i 'm a traditionalist and i 'd say that the respect for the army has eroded among the people for a long time around here .
well sir to me it seems like a reasonable idea not much is in the times we live in considering the instability of our state ... ''
i think i 'm pretty set on this then .
... by decree of the office of the president and the rule of the people via the senate the state of bolivia hereby is reformed into districts of military governorship .
the previously mentioned districts shall maintain the borders of the previously exclusively martial military district boundaries .
as well the state of bolivia is hereby placed into a state of martial law and emergency due to the increasing instability of ''
danco switched his tv off and went over to the phone to call klaus .
the president has declared a state of emergency and we 've procured the governorship .
danco hung up and went to his front porch and in the morning light of 10 am he stood proud happy with what he has achieved so far .
my boyfriend and i are both having the same issue since the update .
the launcher keeps loading the login prompts and the play button remains grayed for presumably forever but i do n't have the time nor the patience to find out haha .
anything political but looking for video clips of the candidates making controversial statements ... .
me and my ex were together for over a year before she broke up with me last year we both cared about each other so much and we had been through our up and downs .
we were in a ldr usa europe for a while but that did n't stop us for growing our love for each other we got to meet and had an amazing time together and made us fall even more in love in the month we lived together .
things were on track to spending the rest of my life with her .
months after the first meet up things started to get rocky and we both worked our best to fight to get things back on the right track .
she eventually let me know that she had fallen out of love with me but still wanted to fight to regain her old feelings and keep everything together .
after 3 months of doing our best she could n't take the pressure of her life school work etc etc and trying to keep up with us .
her decisions broke my heart obviously and left me in ruins especially after all we went through and all the loving memories i had of each other .
she told me time and time again that she never wanted this and that she hated the situation she still says she still cares for me and never wants to lose me from here life .
i on the other hand ca n't imagine a world without her since we connected so well but its been a month now and i 've been fighting whether or not i should just cut her out of my life completely or just keep my distance while i wait for things to get better but both of those thoughts scare me so much .
i do n't want to just leave here on her own cause i know how much stress she is under and i want to be there for here like a good boyfriend should but that 's the thing .
i 'm no longer her boyfriend and i feel like i need to move on .
i feel like i have cried and screamed and hurt long enough .
i asked her one day out of desperation for a grasp on everything if she honestly felt like things could every grow between us again and she said that a small part of here believes so and that 's why she does n't want to lose me from here life .
she is afraid that breaking up was a mistake but i do n't feel like its fair for me to wait for something that might not happen .
she is so busy honestly with her schooling that at this point i do n't blame the girl for leaving me she gets home and goes right to it with homework still late into the night she is running on low sleep i 'm sure but at the same time i still feel like i should be mad .
i 'm pretty much a mess right now i wan na get over her but i ca n't cause the what if '' is holding me back and i do n't want to make a mistake .
tl dr my girlfriend of a year broke up with me cause her daily life is very stressful but does n't want to lose me from her life and the what if '' of things getting better in the future is keeping me from moving on completely
nathaniel rode to a secluded part of the misty and ethereal forest near his homestead that he deemed to be tranquil enough .
after hitching twig to a sturdy oak he set a fire for himself and his companion and set to roast a creature he had successfully reaped earlier in the day .
he sat in silence for a long while taking a few deep breathes when needed his nose was prone to stuffiness in this time of the year and watching the dance of the flames gentle in appearance yet unpredictable in both form and function .
he pondered for a short while about the fickleness of a flame .
in one instance it could be the crux of his survival providing necessary warmth food and delicate beauty .
in another instance it could lay to waste his home the forest or the precious life of a poor soul as was the case with his father all those years ago when nathaniel was a boy burgeoning into the early cusp of manhood .
not a day had gone by since in which he did n't think of his carelessness in holding the lantern or the cowardice of his delayed reaction to its fall and his indecisiveness about how to best handle the budding inferno .
such thoughts were finally allowed into the forefront of his conscience for the first time in over two decades .
he swallowed harshly the seasonal affliction also brought about a damnable itchy throat .
he turned to twig and remembered the trusty horse as a young foal a present to the young nathaniel that was to be kept hidden by his late father until the proper day .
however the rancher who had sold it to nathaniel 's father decided that it would be best to give twig to the boy earlier than planned considering the tragic circumstances .
nathaniel 's thoughts went to the countless rides he had taken on his horse for a number of broad reasons almost every one being both unremarkable yet unforgettable as a mosaic of memories .
he remembered the time that twig broke his ankle or whatever the name for a horse 's ankle might be on a particularly rough and muddy trek through these very woods .
somehow twig had still mustered the strength to fight off a ravenous wolf that had been apparently stalking the two for quite some time while nathaniel searching for bandages in his satchel barely had time to react and retrieve his rifle .
he also remembered the time as a boy when he and twig beat the loud-mouthed dale rodgers jr. and his horse in a race to the nearest town .
as a reward nathaniel rode twig to the river and the still-young and playful horse decided to swim across which scared the still-mounted nathaniel half to death .
once on the other side twig had conveniently remembered that horses are naturally fearful of water and nathaniel found a great task in trying to get the foal to cross again eventually opting to find the nearest crossing which increased the estimated length of the trip home by at least an hour .
looking back to the fire and then the stars above nathaniel thought of his wife .
after rubbing his eyes the allergies irritated them he turned back to the roasting animal over the fire and decided that it was fit to eat .
removing it from its spit he set it on a platter he had brought and said his graces then pushed the plate to the side .
reaching into his satchel he pulled out carrots and apples and fed a good amount to his friend one by one ensuring that the horse was full before he ate himself .
twig ate the treats with much delight as such a barrage was rather uncommon to him .
nathaniel then set his attention to his own meal but for some reason upon seeing the roasted beast next to the fire he suddenly lost his appetite and instead began to feel unexplained melancholy first then great guilt over the pointless murder and mutilation of the simple animal .
he prayed to god for forgiveness and proceeded to bury the creature .
at home nathaniel 's own boy was fast asleep dreaming of being a young sheriff protecting his town from the scariest and meanest bandits and outlaws in all of texas .
nathaniel 's house was a modest yet pleasant one .
it had a room for the boy a room for him and his misses and a large space connecting the two which held the kitchen dining table and fireplace .
over said fireplace was nathaniel 's most prized possession a genuine photograph of him his wife his son as a toddler and his steed .
nathaniel worked very hard for a very long time to be able to afford having a family picture taken and was one of the only people for several towns that was lucky enough to have such a thing .
nathaniel 's favorite memories were as follows riding twig for the first time and feeling one last gesture of love from his father meeting his wife at a horseshoe tournament where she beat him in the final round and as a result forced nathaniel to teach her how to ride twig and witnessing the birth of his beloved baby boy which brought him closer than he ever had been to tears .
to him the photograph over the fireplace was n't a symbol of the money he 'd earned and spent but represented what truly made him happy in life and what he was truly proud of as a man .
his wife charlotte dressed in her nighttime blouse was sitting in her chair in front of the fireplace with her arms crossed facing the front door .
she stared at the fireplace but her mind was elsewhere .
she looked up to the family photograph and her mind grew more and more clouded as she looked .
the handsome young man sitting her husband 's chair finished slipping on his boots and left thinking of how lucky he was not to have been shot dead that night .
as he left without a word charlotte began to weep .
nathaniel looking up at the stars thought back to that moment an hour ago when he 'd returned home after working a few towns over to find his wife in bed with another man .
upon witnessing this he acted calmly almost to an unnatural extent while his soul began to deteriorate from the inside out .
he went directly to his cabinet fetched some rope apples and carrots then immediately set out with twig into the forest .
the woods seemed to be more still than usual this night .
nary a gust of wind to blow the branches and even the animals seemed to be quiet for the most part .
the grass scrunched beneath his boots as he walked over to his longtime friend .
he pet the beast for a little while and his mind ran back through all the places it had been earlier in the evening the fire that killed his dad his injured horse and the close-call with the wolf and the fatal gash in his heart brought about by his unfaithful beloved .
he imagined himself reacting more quickly to the fire and calling his father before it grew to be too large .
he imagined himself being more careful with twig on a muddy road having the bandages more on-hand and having his weapon nearby to ward off the wolf himself .
he imagined himself not working so much paying more attention to his wife and not losing her to someone younger .
in all situations he saw his failure to act sooner as the catalyst to the infernos that wrought his life .
in nathaniel 's eyes he was a failure of a man and it was n't until tonight that this became clear and prominent in his mind although in truth it had always been in the back of it .
he stopped petting twig and smiled at the horse .
he undid the rope from the tree which held twig there and pushed him off towards home .
twig had gotten out several times before and gone further in those times than nathaniel went with him tonight yet always managed to find his way home .
nathaniel trusted his friend to make it home from here and after a sturdy hit to his hind twig left nathaniel and eventually did make his way back to the homestead discovered in the morning by nathaniel 's son .
after releasing twig nathaniel removed the rope entirely from the tree and held it to his side .
he began to notice and enjoy the faint sound of chirping crickets throughout the forest .
he sat back down by the fire and remembered the long process of teaching charlotte to ride twig and the gentle warmth in his heart that grew in proportion to his time spent with her .
he also looked back on the time they moved into the house together and how passionately they made love every sensation a product of deep expression of that feeling .
and then he thought of her making love to the young man she was in bed with .
he thought about his boy and pitied the child for having such an incompetent insecure father .
he remembered the various times he 'd gone camping in these woods with his son teaching him how to hunt and sitting around fires with him .
his son was tough and spirited very sharp and quick on his feet qualities which nathaniel wished he could see in himself .
although he rarely explicitly stated it he was proud of the boy and was excited to see the man he would grow up to be and loved him more than anything in his life .
nathaniel stood up at this point and took one last look around the woods before his departure .
he took in the smells of the grass and the air and oak the sight of the peaceful moonlight upon the forest and the sounds of the few chirping bugs all throughout .
after climbing onto a decently high and strong branch he then took the rope threw it over the branch tightened a knot onto it then fastened a much more macabre and sinister knot to the opposite end .
he decided to finally accept his inner weakness and let himself cry .
he cried over guilt regarding his father 's death .
he cried over putting twig in danger all those years ago and forcing twig to save both himself and nathaniel .
he cried over the ultimate loss of his family to a strange man whom his wife apparently found to be superior .
in his emotional display he remembered a conversation he had with his father around a campfire many years ago .
then promise me something son. his father then took a deep breath and gathered his thoughts .
i want you to be strong and that means doing your best to solve your own problems and no crying over little things .
that 's something your granddad told me when i was a boy .
he told me that if you cry it 's like you 're letting whatever problem you have beat you .
because when you cry you do nothing to actually solve the damn problem .
it 's like admitting that you 've got no way to solve it .
that 's why children do it because they 're helpless .
nathaniel 's father smiled at him and in that smile nathaniel knew how much his father cared for him .
now here was nathaniel crying over twenty years worth of regrets and shame in one sitting .
this one was a hearty cry and for the first time in decades nathaniel wished for his mother and father to comfort him but that was impossible now .
with this realization being the absolute final straw nathaniel slipped the noose over his head and around his throat .
he prayed to god one last time and hoped that he would be understanding .
he apologized to his father for breaking the promise he made all those years ago around the fire .
he did n't fight it very much and made hardly a single noise as his life was slowly being squeezed out of him .
at this moment the sun finally began to rise over the horizon and nathaniel watched it .
he felt the warmth of the sun admired the orange glow that the woods and the sky adopted and listened to the soft song of the morning birds as he admired the smell of the morning dew thinking again to happier times with his father his horse his wife and his son .
i really do n't know if you guys can help here but i 'm really desperate and i need help with this problem .
i know this is not a pc problem but i was hoping there are some brothers here who have knowledge about this stuff .
i posted same question on r/mobile and r/techsupport but i do n't know when will i get any answers so i will post it here because you guys are more active
i 'm not sure if this is the right thread for this sorry if not .
somehow he managed to insert 3 times wrong pin number then he entered few times wrong puk .
he have 2 more attempts before sim cards gets locked .
now he only wants to get the contacts from the sim card .
is there any program that can extract them to my pc ?
and can dual sim phone copy contacts from the blocked card to the new one ?
he have around 300 contacts there and he is really sad because of it .
thanks in advance and sorry for any bad spelling or grammar errors .
the story is about a dog that started no more than a pet but somewhat 'carried ' the party through thick and thin until it ended up ascending to the heavens .
i use the tri-slosher a lot and i am almost certain that the tri-slosher is always a two-hit kill .
however i recently saw this video https youtu.be/baobdv9hr10 that dude posted and there 's a tri-slosher with one damage up main and two subs .
now this could just be a thing for one person but it got me curious .
are there any legitimate reasons for a tri-slosher to have damage up ?
i wonder if we run amok or go into blood frenzies as often as we used to .
yea shit post do n't upvote but i have pb reps from ali and they 're 9.5 and fit pretty snug with a tiny bit of room would a size 10 in zztop fit good ?
i had this book for 11 years before losing it a few years ago during some moves .
i bought the book from my elementary school library in 1999-2000 in one of those sales where they get rid of old or damaged books .
the book was hardback felt like it had fabric over the hardback material but i do n't know that it ever had a dust jacket or anything .
the cover was illustrated with i think either a tower or the man in the moon or both .
the book was a purple-maroon color possibly a faded dark blue the way dark blues and blacks might fade with bleach but i 'm pretty sure it was the purple-maroon color originally .
some stories i remember but ca n't find exactly on any searches
a poor man lets some elves/fairies eat the last of his food bread and cheese and they repay him by placing a coin on his oven that always is replaced when you remove it .
i think it flies in from the window or something .
he becomes rich and marries a woman who is different from the other villagers i think from another town/city .
she is vain and washes her face in milk to keep it pale while other villagers wash their face in cold water to keep their cheeks rosy .
the wife does n't like that no one has ever seen the elves/fairies so she sneaks up on them one night and they disappear and take the money leaving the man and wife poor .
a man sees these fairies dancing at night either 8 or 12 and thinks one is incredibly beautiful and describes her features to be like the moon and so forth .
he ends up kidnapping her to be his wife .
she becomes very sad and either stops talking to him or tricks him into letting her go .
a girl is given 3 presents which she opens when she needs help from i think her step mother who makes her do ridiculous things .
i think she helped an old lady who gave her the presents .
one present was opened when she was told to make a cake and the box contained a giant cake .
the last box had a man/prince in it to take the girl away .
there was one about the man in the moon a man built a tower to reach the moon and i guess he ended up stuck there .
somewhere in the book is an illustration of the tower and of him in the moon which was a full moon and a smiling face with crinkled eyes .
it 's also possible i 'm combining 2 stories but i 'm not sure .
version of clever tom and the a leprechaun '' ?
a boy finds a leprechaun and gets it to reveal his pot of gold .
the boy knows he ca n't take his eyes off the leprechaun or it will vanish but the leprechaun eventually tricks the boy into putting him in his pocket .
as soon as the boy does this he realizes what he has done and the leprechaun has disappeared .
there was a version of rapunzel not sure if that was the title of the story but i 'm assuming so .
a pregnant woman gets her husband to steal greens out of the witch 's garden and the witch makes them give up the baby .
the witch locks her in a tower and eventually a prince rides by and climbs her hair and they fall in love .
the witch finds out and causes the prince to fall into brambles blinding him and eventually rapunzel finds him again and cures him of his blindness with her tears .
there is also a version of rumpelstiltskin where he helps her spin golden thread for three days in exchange for her firstborn child .
then he gives her a chance to keep her child if she can guess his name in 3 days .
she eventually hears him singing his name and gets to keep her baby .
i want to say there is a number in the title like 100 or 50 and a list of all the stories in a table of contents .
but i feel like that 's too many so i could be wrong .
i have two ak redline ft one of which has a 0.15 float the other has a 0.16 .
i was wondering if they are worth anymore than a normal ft ak redline ?
the 0.15 one looks flawless http screenshots.metjm.net/s76561198065423832a4840133518d7369234829131146513.jpg and i have n't inspected the other one yet .
have you read the sidebar and rules http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/rules ?
mainly for gaming but also for all kinds of media in general like using photoshop ect .
if gaming what kind of performance are you looking for ?
mainly for 144hz in league of legends and solid 60hz in other games .
post a draft of your potential build here specific parts please .
http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/pcpp do n't ask to be spoonfed a build read the rules !
pcpartpicker part list http pcpartpicker.com/p/c3ywrb price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/p/c3ywrb/by_merchant
one of my main concerns at the moment is the cpu cooler .
i 'm not sure whether i want to oc or not but if i want to is the cpu cooler i selected good enough ?
also would i be able to fit something like a dark rock 3 on the mainboard ?
i even thought about doing liquid cooling with an aio .
giveaway at the moment i am working on getting all the starter-pokens in shiny i also wanted them to have decent ivs so these mons are more or less breedjects so no em ha nature or special pokeballs .
there will be more starter-giveaways in the future from me i am just waiting for other people to respond to my hatch requests before i give the leftovers away .
this is my first giveaway so please go easy on me d
i will be online most of the weekend so that is a good chance for me to reach you guys in the us and asia
online from 17:00 cet http www.wolframalpha.com/input ? i=17 3a00+cet+in+local+time 22:00 cet http www.wolframalpha.com/input ? i=23 3a00+cet+in+local+time weekdays and 13:00 cet http www.wolframalpha.com/input ? i=13 3a00+cet+in+local+time 02:00 cet http www.wolframalpha.com/input ? i=02 3a00+cet+in+local+time on weekends .
please copy the whole line or write inn box number and slot
eggs with active tsv matches are prioritized to go to the active user with the same tsv as the egg s
for tsv matches please confirm that the egg has hatched shiny .
if it does n't soft reset your game and give it back to me so i can send the right egg .
eggs that matches tsv 0118 1213 https www.reddit.com/r/svexchange/comments/40p76m/1213 0128 https www.reddit.com/r/svexchange/comments/414voj/0128 0272 https www.reddit.com/r/svexchange/comments/41yzb0/0272
pokemons for my living dex google spreadsheet https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1pssfmtpldyhpmq85y62cdoj8a2jioaiqchsppo0m5pg/edit ? usp=sharing
not sure how many active members there are on this sub but nevertheless .
i 'm starting laws honours bus in s1 and saw that there was this optional peer mentor workshop for llb102 .
just wondering if there 's anyone on here who has done them before/is doing them for any course whatsoever and whether its worth doing .
it 's only 1 hour so i figure i might as well chuck it on the timetable anyway but i just want to get general idea of what you do in them just in case they 're giant time wasters .
geniile de la depanero.ro au decis sa lase pentru o perioada de tranziție de 2 ani in toata uniunea .
ca un adolescent normal ce sunt nu am nici o dovada cu care as putea merge si la noi o astfel de campanie ?
si acum vine tragedia din clubul colectiv din cauze care sunt mai timizi și nu vor sa ii dea .
i would like to know about the jungle respawn timing .
do they respawn after a number of seconds after they die or at a fixed timing on the clock ?
does anyone want to team up and go for corp boss pet ?
as the title says can i reuse the hdd ?
it would have the old os on it so i 'd probably need to delete that .
should i have them separate and keep my steam games on that one since it 's at a higher risk of conking out ?
is there anything i need to look out for/do since it 's from a laptop ?
did you know that your emotional right brain trumps your logical left brain when making decisions in life ?
at the age of two the brain 's right side as it develops becomes more active and dominant over the left brain which is home to language logic and reason .
we think that we are reasonable when it comes to making important decisions but apparently it 's all but an illusion .
when our right brain makes an emotional decision our left brain tricks us and comes up with a logical reason to justify our decision .
this process is called post-rationalization. in fact this process has been scientifically proven by a neuropsychologist named roger sperry .
in his experiment he triggered the command to walk in a subject 's right brain emotion in a way that the left logic brain was unaware .
interestingly the subjects actually got up and started to walk .
yet when asked why they decided to walk they came up with random reasons such as wanting to stretch or to get a drink of water .
the amazing part was that these subjects were not lying .
they were entirely honest because they were tricked and believed the reasoning provided by their left logic brains !
understanding the connection between our emotions and decisions is important .
we make decisions every single day and it 's the very act of deciding that leads to our actions and results .
i have shared with our readers before how my decision to relocate from new zealand to singapore have completely changed my life http www.transformingadjustments.com/success/2015/3/24/5-true-meanings-of-happiness-6-figure-salary-and-rolexes-dont-cut-it .
i experienced new things gradually changed my values in life gained and lost priceless things and ultimately became a different person .
one single decision have changed my life upside down .
decisions have the power to alter the course of our lives .
but it 's not just the big decisions but also the small ones .
http www.transformingadjustments.com/health/2015/7/7/7-life-transforming-things-you-can-do-every-day deciding to smile when you are upset deciding to be grateful deciding to wake up early or even deciding to drink more water .
they are all trivial things but just like the ripples in a pond when you throw a tiny pebble every single decision we make big or small will have a consequence in our lives .
if we sum up the information above it can be concluded that
we are innately unreasonable beings because our emotional right brain trumps over our logical left brain .
more often than not we make decisions based off our emotions .
decisions produce actions and our actions is what shapes our future .
this means that we are victims of our own emotions .
although we know and understand that our decisions define our course of life it 's scientifically proven that we make emotional decisions over logic .
this is bad news for anyone that wants to live a life by design and be successful in all facets of life .
surely you would n't want your emotions to dictate how your life turns out .
it is impossible to live a life entirely detached from one 's emotions but it can be done temporarily .
self-observation techniques is one of the best methods to keep your sanity and have your emotions in check .
by observing yourself you can create distance from an event to better assess your emotions and thoughts in a non-judgmental way .
one of the most effective way of practicing self-observation is to keep a diary .
i am an avid fan of writing journals and i do it quite systematically .
http www.transformingadjustments.com/success/2015/4/24/how-to-do-morning-rituals-and-do-it-right every morning i write a list of all the things that i am grateful for .
writing a gratitude list makes me happy for all the things that i have and it attracts more of the things that i am grateful for .
throughout the day i write about the day ahead my feelings towards a certain event or a person a conversation log problems that i 'm facing and events that a noteworthy .
whenever i take a ride on public transportation or at any given down time i do the following steps
stand or sit upright with the spine straight as possible
take moments to simply be and notice whatever i am experiencing in that moment – sounds thoughts feelings sensations etc .
6 seconds of deep diaphragmatic breathing through the nose hold for 2 and exhale through the mouth for 6 seconds and repeat .
whenever the mind wanders away from the breath gently refocus on breathing .
this works for me because it 's simple and versatile .
but there 's many other forms of meditation out there and it 's best to choose what works for you .
we all want to be live and have something better .
before you think about how to change the world around you start by changing yourself and becoming a slave to good habits .
not everyone turns out to be successful and it 's not because of knowledge .
there is never a lack of knowledge we all know what to do and what not do .
taking action is all the difference it makes in becoming the person and living the life that you want .
now that you understand our innate flaws of being emotional creatures do at least one of the actions outlined above to have your emotions in check .
be in control over emotions and you will be in control over your life .
if for no other reason to at least try it and gauge if you are deficient .
take it every day before bed for a week .
i started with 2 per day one at lunch another at dinner but cut it down to just one later during the day right after dinner because of the immense lethargy it causes right after .
within an hour i am not able to keep my eyes open and just want to crawl into bed .
i wake up after 6-7 hours of sleep feeling almost euphoric .
it is like something an important chemical reaction had been missing inside of my body and brain all this time and now it is finally there .
my thoughts feel much less negative and instead of wallowing in my self pity and getting frustrated with problems i see myself thinking about solutions instead .
it is almost like a 180 degree change in my mindset .
here is some reading you can do to see if it applies to use
http www.drlwilson.com/articles/magnesium.htm kinda iffy source but a good read nonetheless
ps some types like magnesium oxide may not sit well in the stomach and cause diarrhea .
legal i am not a doctor or physician the above text is for entertainment purposes only .
we 're going to a swingers club for the first time this weekend avarus berlin .
what should we bring to wear on our feet ?
my spouse and i are playing together and normally we can enter each others story quests .
except when talking to a npc outside of a load area .
is there a way to hear the conversation going on between my spouse and the npc and vice versa ?
it only happens with main storyline quest npc 's any normal quest we join the conversation together .
i believe i do n't have premature ejaculation but i can ejaculate pretty fast if i wanted to..
i did it on my first try using only like two blood vials and i do n't think i 'm very good at this game .
after amelia i was expecting the next boss to be incredibly difficult .
it was honestly kind of disappointing there was no i just beat something nearly impossible '' high that this game usually gives me after beating a boss .
hey guys i did like to ask a few things and throw out a bunch of ideas while i am at it .
so i picked up dragon 's dogma last week on pc and i am enjoying it very much .
sadly i have come to the point now that i am pretty much to strong lvl 72 to enjoy the open world and to low level to go about bitterblack isle without getting my ass handed to me .
what i actually want is a mod or dlc which will probably never happen that adds monsters of high level max hp for all enemies i refer to the big monsters afcourse more monsters multiple chimera 's in a small area hydra 's liches griffins etc etc aka ddda hunting edition as i did like to call it .
more armors so killing all these high level enemies has a meaning to it and afcourse at lvl 200 you would still have shit to go about
is there anyway to modify the stats of enemies at this moment ?
i did like to do it myself but i have zero expirience modding .
i so far have only seen mods that alter the stats of the players themselfs
well thanks for taking your time to read this topic i did like to hear the possibilities at this moment .
just wanted to update you on the fact that we 're moving on the bc now !
for those that wanted to join for this expansion or those that were not sure about joining now is the time !
i will use your first email to confirm this .
you will send me an email stating '' my steam id is xx .
after my confirmation you will transfer the funds with text '' payment for yy csgo keys that i have received .
the virtual csgo keys are as described and i am satisfied with them .
i will send a trade offer with the keys .
you will reply to the email stating that you have received the keys and are satisfied with them .
umbrella corporation 6/13m is an alliance progression raiding guild on garona us .
we are currently seeking talented and committed players to join us in our raiding endeavors .
we are always on the lookout for skilled players regardless of what particular classes we are searching for .
if you think we might be the right place for you please do n't hesitate to apply !
we felt it pretty good up here in the valley .
also a tsunami is possible since it probably was offshore .
i 've been researching for awhile and i really ca n't wrap my head around it all .
i currently have a 55 gallon tank with 4 low light plants .
my current light is a single t12 40w i think and i 'm looking to upgrade as from what i 've read that really is n't suitable for my plants .
trying to do it cheap and not looking for insane plant growth .
i could run them along with my t12 if i had to but i 'd rather not .
so i 'm in doubt about the i5-6400 and the i5-6600k .
will be getting a msi z170a krait gaming so i will be able to read the temps on a custom bios for the 6400 thanks to u/utukan
also a cm hyper 212 evo just to cool it down and maybe some noctua fans to keep it quiet
i do n't think every college student should cater to a bride but i do think a sister can make time to see you get married .
i am by no means making my sister do that but because she genuinely wants to be a part of my wedding she is choosing to do that .
but i really do n't think we can attribute this recent success to gentry just yet .
he still has a lot of work to do with how he manages games .
we were shooting close to 40 in the first quarter yesterday and then he decides to bench our three best players for luke babbitt norris cole and omer asik .
and that made our shooting dip down to 30 .
that 's the kind of thing you ca n't do if you want to stay competitive at all times .
if you do take an interest in shadow of mordor i noticed a few minutes ago that bundlestars https www.bundlestars.com/en/bundle/middle-earth-shadow-of-mordor-bundle just put the whole thing on 75 off
i downloaded this a few days ago but have n't had the opportunity to play it .
i may play it tonight with my wife are there any good/fun custom game servers that are more so noob friendly ?
i think my wife would enjoy the custom games as i did years ago but i know she would n't like playing swat or slayer or anything .
i meant double mihawk doffy sws zoro usopp and either perona or duval .
you could tank a luffy hit with zoro and have another dmg reducer special ready for later .
and only your first two hitter would n't get the bonus .
but i guess you 're right usopp should have a lower cd .
it 's the strength of their wills not their blue nubs !
i think to beat sarries you 'll need tuilagi jdv and owen williams all fit and ready to go .
i feel like they want to indirectly nerf it through future releases and that 's why they did n't nerf it yet
edit i can put up a gazia with phantom gizmo and sacred crystal id in flair
shall i expect a nicaragua shannon '' or a straight version of colton ?
i love the cislunar 1000 concept because it reminds me of the gemini and apollo rendezvous that allowed much more complex operations to occur assembly in space etc .
nasa 's focus on public/private collaboration has definitely had a huge return on investment .
without nasa development contracts half of the companies would never have broken out launchers and vehicles in the last 5 years .
i guess that is where the historical analogy breaks down .
there was no large effort like there is now from nasa or launch providers to nurture that new demand with new applications on-orbit .
in the past it was always a launcher for government payloads that could also put up comsats .
new england makes a great road trip especially during summer or leaf changing season in the fall .
maine and massachusetts have a lot of cool places also .
fly in and out of boston and rent a car .
he keeps showing signs that the beast inside of him is beginning to wake up .
i do n't know what it is but oatmeal seems to weigh me down on a roll .
i eat it every morning but for saturday and sunday morning classes i feel sluggish when i eat it a couple hours before .
could n't i just as easily say you 're full of hot air ?
are n't we all just full of hot air ?
i wonder why mink machine are saying theirs fits both ...
even if it will go away eventually something else will probably come up with your active lifestyle .
going to a physio is worthwhile not just for fixing problems but for preventing them from even starting .
as for the problem itself it 's next to impossible to diagnose anything unless it 's a general stab in the dark really depends on how you 're moving where the pain is exactly what kind of pain it is what movements provoke/alleviate the pain etc .
with all due respect to u/koreaninjabjj i do n't know if there 's much value in seeing your gp first unless you suspect a bigger problem that a physio ca n't treat odds are he might prescribe some pain medication rule out more serious conditions and tell you to take it easy for a few days .
physios are movement specialists they identify not only what the problem might be but how to fix it and how to prevent it from coming back .
if the problem is beyond what they can do they 'll let you know to go see your gp or whichever health professional is capable of dealing with the problem .
so i know a while ago there was a lot of talk of new zodiac signs '' and how they shifted .
i was born october 24th 1996 so i always thought i was scorpio sun aries moon .
the new dates '' are saying i 'm virgo .
there 's a lot of evidence that it 's the latter .
in the case of the newburgh four – where four men were convicted for a fake terror attack on jewish targets in the bronx – a confidential informant offered 250,000 a free holiday and a car to one suspect for help with the attack .
they 're guys like this who go into muslim communities and preach extremism tempered with the actual anger and disenfranchisement people in these communities logically have towards western governments which are waging war on their homes and people .
monteilh said the fbi paid him 177,000 to infiltrate about 12 mosques in orange los angeles and san bernardino counties over the course of 14 months
putting them in public like this puts them at odd with the population whether through documentaries or setting them up to protest on street corners .
this demonizes islam in general and pushes racial tensions .
you can argue that this is a good thing but that depends on your agenda .
apologies i do n't use a screen protector but i see someone else already responded below .
reiterate is definitely a very powerful card but i feel like it loses a lot of it 's value if i have lots of red x spells and not stupid amounts of mana .
the pyromancer 's goggles definitely do work but it does n't require an investment after i play it .
i once dated a weeaboo type guy he was so painfully aware he was n't 'attractive ' i 'm at least a solid 8/10 .
he was genuinely sweet and not in a 'white-knight ' way he took care of me made me feel like a total princess .
we just got over it he knew i 'd do better if i wanted better but i just did n't i liked him a lot .
we had to end it though unfortunately as he was moving cities .
i miss you kristian i hope you 're doing well c
in the books at least he is very patriotic to england .
hard to say about daniel craig 's version of bond .
still ... he went awol on a mission and basically quit .
op claimed driverless cars would be in fewer accidents .
looking to compete with the team i currently have this season and then next offseason i can begin to get younger and trade away my older players .
only if you need things like different locales or multiple user logins .
i think it 's possible but i do n't think it 's likely that 50 women are doing that .
i 've seen a few comments about wanting boogie and a lot about love .
i 'd rather develop ko as well especially with him becoming more confident in his shot .
maybe that 's why everything just faded to black in episode two .
gordon was just so tired that he finally fell asleep .
when vusu realizes he shoulda kept his mouth shut 'd
why do people think smoking weed is magically not bad for your lungs ?
you get a feel for how much tax should be and budget accordingly .
you 'd be surprised what people are not '' made to do in the military it 's called voluntold .
we had some complaints that you 're having too much fun . ''
i think his reasoning on mentioning ibp is that they left them in the air for a year not their final decisiom
well the pentagon has made a defense plan for a zombie outbreak for practice i 'm pretty sure that if nothing else someone has made a plan in his free time .
good times '' was one of several tracks intended for bulletproof wallets but cut due to sample clearance issues .
you have to keep the climb otherwise you will keep getting it because of the glitch that gave you rep for dismantling it .
bet you would get all the upvotes if you gave these away in a giveaway .
it is fairly common in east indian and keto recipes .
it has little flavor of its own so holds the spices you add quite well
i could definitely see more people buying it that year because of being undeafted and all .
this would be pretty fucking cool as a pvp game
i type in reddit on google tomorrow there 's a daily mail article about how reddit user is actually martian ... ''
according to comments from wizard chris there is n't currently a plan for a rotation any time soon .
even if they decide to follow the rotation for standard nothing in duels would rotate out '' until september-october or so given the set is highly unlikely to release the same time as the fall big set which makes you pretty safe .
if they put in a rotation they will probably do an all sets '' format and a last three blocks '' format but again there has been no mention of plans to do so .
the only thing you binge watch is the rice cooker
why not use the transfer icon for the stations that share a brown and purple line stop ?
to be honest she is n't great outside of a specialised deck she 's weak in the typical creature-based deck where her 1 will miss most of the time and her 2 wo n't always be usable .
she really needs a deck based on powerful instants/sorceries .
i 've seen her used successfully in a jeskai tokens deck with token producing spells like hordeling outburst instead of creatures and the massive card draw of treasure cruise to use the 2 ability on .
drawing a total of six cards for 1 mana and a card is insane .
to which i shall respond with you are an imperfect being created by an imperfect being .
finding you weakness is only a matter of time . ''
a summer competition has a 270 keg and i barely squeaked out a 200 keg yesterday in training .
if your mum is raising your sister without him then yea she 's irresponsible .
im so close to another rank 4 who should this be ?
after a flare up my skin is just super dry .
moisturiser will make me feel more comfortable but does n't really do anything to help healing .
just curious since its been awhile since the charity stream and still no update on behalf of the people that donated money .
the comment u/friedmailbox made or the one i responded to ?
i own two pairs of user and stand trish/spice girl and dio/the world .
i also have a standalone gold experience and i have a josuke and crazy diamond coming in the mail .
you 're right that stands look far better but i think the articulation points only really stand out in human characters that have skin showing .
not going to lie the trish one looks pretty bad .
but in the dio one i can barely notice it .
finally solidified plans for a first date with a cute boy i 've had my eye on for a while
also bought a pretty new dress http smile.amazon.com/dp/b016pn16gm to wear ♥ ♥
camel up roborally incan gold loot tsuro mascarade and bang !
steampunk rally goes that high but i have n't played it yet .
lastly although not out yet sushi go party spring 2016 ?
will be awesome for the 8 count when it comes out
vcu has been a winner ats in almost every game ... i will most certainly tail .
did your model not show any value in the matchup ?
i think that one only appears once you finished the story .
as a side note you can see a slight blurring of the background of these photos .
that 's the cracow 's air smog levels that day far exceeded the safe levels .
i 'd say fip for pitchers woba or wrc or ops for hitters .
i have long said this the guys of minority groups i have known especially true for asian and indian men who had success with good looking white girls were typically over 5'10 .
i have never in my life met an asian or indian dude shorter than 5'10 who had a lot of success with white girls .
i 've heard of people finding them randomly on ebay but other than hoping for a miracle there your best bet is waiting for a restock .
believe it or not i actually care if you have something to eat or not .
i do n't think the money will be wasted .
asian glow is a warning sign that you 're predisposed to a certain kind of cancer .
look up sunrise florida in broward county specifically black friday towing scandals and you can thank those companies involved for those regulations but here in texas where i live and work we have to accept multiple forms of payment including credit cards which people do chargebacks on all the time luckily though we can refuse personal checks because people would stop payment on them every single time if we did
i ordered one and am very happy with it .
she 's quick to lock the door before she steps under one of the other showers her plates retracting as the water washes over them .
2nd in queue if the other person does n't take shade and light please
the guy is exactly what the wwe should want in a celebrity guest .
once the arrow show comes to a close vince would be daft to not make him an offer for a full/part time on-screen roll .
the problem is that i have reaaaally bad luck .
today i gained about 70-80k rp but i was able to power up just one s card from s2 to s3 .
to power up s cards i only use b1 cards sometimes an a card for the last star but i heard that people use b5 cards .
why are you upset that he is informing people of proper terminology ?
if he is on antipsychotics acid likely wo n't do much .
when i was on abilify i tried a tab of acid .
this tab was from the same strip of acid that caused previous trips before abilify that were quite fun .
he really should n't be doing any drugs at all when on anti-psychotics .
they can be very potent drugs that do not interact well with other drugs .
lsd is also a drug that is very set and setting dependent .
it is probably not a good idea for someone who is still learning how to deal with a mental illness to take it .
i do n't think dlc '' would be the right term .
in fact any purchase in this game could be seen as dlc .
if anything i think weapon sets could be cool .
kinda like you get the asguardian set when you buy collectors .
they could have a weapon pack that gives you a specific skin for each weapon .
like a grunt birthday '' effect or lightning or something .
i mean i love my michael bay-esque explosions but it 'd be cool to have more options .
papa fugly i approve since its more for fun .
i used it for a long while so now i would be old and fugly .
i currently have milliput tamiya white squadron green and mr hobby 2 part on my bench .
i think most of us are just trying to watch some decent football .
most fans do n't need to chose another team to root for .
edit hahaha to the pats fan going through my comment history and downvoting everything .
it depends on the situation and what type of decision .
applying for grad school or applying for a new job ?
100 pumped about it and wanting to help me any way he can .
how i personally decide to deal with a conflict within my friend group ?
he may have a different idea on what to say but he 'll respectfully disagree .
he 'll be happy if the way i decided to go about it goes well .
he 's always there to help and very invested in my future .
it all depends on upvotes week one there was 1,200 entries 300ish up votes .
week two 367 with 100 ish 75 and 25 i 'm not begging for upvotes i just like seeing 1k people enter and testing the limits of google .
we only averaged 215 entries not including preseason on r/bengals .
i 'd love to see an avg next season of 300 and 50 being bengals fans it was about 30-40 this season no real way to tell .
no relic is going to get you a ton of summons rarely a new relic will get around 50-70k gil in a day for a short time after it 's released with people wanting to try it out but after that things will settle down .
all your best relics are commonly available on the spreadsheet so i do n't think it really matters what you pick .
or the fact that the first graphics card was the same price as the second one etc .
if you or your nation has an enquiry in to this matter please send your requests to po box fk82 we1
if we could simply swap i 'd consider it .
asexuality is not a choice same as with any other sexual orientation .
in the same way if you 're a heterosexual guy you did n't choose to not have an interest in men and you could n't suddenly choose '' to be gay we do n't choose it it just sort of happens .
well they are selling in ebay for like 1000 right now ...
yeah unfortunately i need cash for taxis tips and other sundries .
i usually only get a few days notice on these trips and stupidly did n't have any reserve currency .
as you know in the uk and travel agents marks and sparks most banks you can just wander in but not so easily here for some reason .
also i have no credit cards only amex so nix on everywhere taking that .
just looking for somewhere to grab a few hundred .
there are tech meetups every day of the week in dublin so many that i often find the ones i want to attend clash with one another .
if you 're not in dublin that 's probably your primary problem .
thanks for the reply by any chance did you remove 2 pictures ? ! ? !
actually according to the bible the bigger '' jew you are the harsher your punishments will be for even the most minor of sins .
for instance god did not allow moses to enter israel after exiling the nation from egypt all because he spoke behind his wife 's back or something like that i can not remember precisely .
on the contrary jacob 's brother who committed many many sins throughout his lifetime was forgiven at his moment of death because he sincerely regretted everything he had done and understood it was wrong .
we expect more from those above us and less from those beneath us .
this happened to me when zeratul was really popular .
me and some random were both zeratul and when the game started i was raynor .
but double vp with 2 zeratul crushing the backline would have been fun too .
this will be more of just quick rating than full reviews those can be seen on my letterboxd
the 5th wave 3.5/5 here is my review as some might wonder why it is so high .
i see iowa has decided to join msu and oklahoma in the being good at both revenue sports '' club .
depending on their brand of crazy some lasted longer than other .
i actually had one guy from my church days who was a real fuckin ' loon .
my personal favorite was his rant about a citi bank commercial .
the couple in the commercial decided to spend their extra money on rock climbing instead of a rock engagement ring and he had an all caps message about them continuing to live in sin .
when he started belittling me for my life choice fucker had to go .
after a while i realized it just really irritated me and that it did n't make sense to keep them around .
my social media needs to be for my friends doing awesome shit and i 'm lucky to have quite a few of those .
group home manager for their employment program and part-time animal rescuer
edit i also think most of those people have told me kids are not in the game plan or at least are n't on it until 40 ... so
still though google is n't doing this because they care about such things but rather because they are being forced to do so .
i 'm not saying that this absolves them of culpability but i would put the blame where it belongs and that 's on our overzealous and unchecked law enforcement .
i completely understand leos wanting these powers but it is terrifying that they are actually getting them .
i 'm a little late to this but my husband deserves the brag .
i 'm currently 22 weeks pregnant and i work as a nurse as well as go to nursing school full time to get my bachelors .
i had a 12 hour clinical shift so working for free basically on friday that was an hours drive away effectively making it a 14-15 hour long day .
everything hurt and i was grumpy cause i could n't even go home and have a glass of wine .
my husband texted me and told me to let him know when i was 15 minutes from home .
i did and when i walked in the door he had the table set dinner finishing candles lit some fancy cheese and crackers sitting out and a bottle of alcohol free wine waiting for me .
he knew i had a long day and he wanted to make me smile .
you 'd do realize that all those hit pieces '' are legit stories of what he did .
the donald just be an asshole about it does n't make them false .
his defining characteristic is racism against muslims and hispanics .
he made fun of a disabled reporter because of an article he wrote years ago .
the donald just says i never said that '' or the media is evil '' and that makes it go away at least for you morons .
i was in a long-term trip to asia and could n't find proper medicine there .
i ordered online though previously i thought it was not reliable .
i was pleasantly surprised by canadian pharmacy http rx.myprivaterx.com they shipped everything very quickly pills were just as my usual medicine and i paid less .
now i 'm their loyal client for more than a year .
gahhh i really need to sign into reddit more often .
i lurk around a lot on my phone but it never really keeps me logged in while i 'm on the mobile site .
okay this is a really general question butttttt how do you practice ?
i sometimes like to vibe with the music and move how i feel like moving but other times i try to work on my hits when popping .
and this reminds me why crucible drops need to increase .
probably play like 80 crucible vs pve since ttk dropped and still no party crasher 1 .
it may look good right now but so did watch dogs and assassins creed unity before they were released .
ubisoft have a reputation for showing us pre-release trailers for their games running on super pcs then releasing the console versions that look like shit .
the division may end up being a great game but i wo n't be buying it because fuck ubisoft basically .
reed is a beast but i have zero faith in him to stay healthy .
michael floyd has played well but i do n't like the lack of consistency .
plus he 's a year and a half older than cobb and has broken 1000 yards only once .
cobb had a down year but i expect a bounceback from him and the entire packers offense .
1 mana 2/1 battlecry deal 3 damage to each hero .
call pm https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=hearthscan-bot me with up to 7 cardname
they fingerprint and mugshot anyone not a us citizen .
my biggest problem with movie adaptations is that the people in my head are never like the people in the movie .
i agree i think koreans in korea are way better than westerners but when they come to na and have communication issues and lack the korean coaching staff i think it evens out a bit .
i still the the koreans are generally a bit better but it is n't miles ahead like if they were playing in korea for a korean team .
i doubt driving video games are going to be replaced by sit and watch video games nor is motorsport going to be replaced by ai racing .
to piggyback on your piggybacking fans of good teams using their team 's success to invalidate opinions of fans of worse teams .
rutger 's fan says something negative but valid about alabama .
alabama fan yea well what has rutger 's done ?
fans of bad teams are n't allowed to have opinions now ?
i crashed my bicycle going down a hill about 45mph and had a pretty serious case of road rash bleeding everywhere .
got to the er and they sent me back ahead of everyone else right away .
it depends a lot on the industry and job .
i respond to emails when i 'm awake but if something came up with my kid or i was busy no one would lose their shit if it was a day later .
if you 're not make sure you investigate the culture of your job and companies of interest .
cadin/cadable is mine because where i live cicadas are common and they are one of my favorite bugs .
i got the mig-29 dragon on my third sortie after the patch .
and my streak of getting absolutely nothing related to the ildom sters was unfortunately broken when rngesus gave me a gold box with the anastasia character emblem .
do n't get me wrong i like anime just not to the excessive extent that i see it in infinity .
if it was nose art then i could understand but an entire aircraft is way too far no raptor should ever be neon-highlighter pink with sparkles all over it .
luckily rngesus made up for it and for the next five matches i got free stocked fuel 1x per match so i guess it was worth it .
cheers man i 've been trying to remember for months .
there are worst players/qbs in the hall of fame than him .
but he would need a lot of luck to get in .
its something a 17 year old edgy high school senior would make/love .
sorry am fans just had to vent on that after seeing this thing all over the internet today .
yeah especially when it 's obvious the team is trying way too hard and it has nothing to do with their team .
i have not encountered the prep phase nitro cell party since they implemented their fix .
but i think the instant a defender goes outside it should be alerted instead of a 2 second delay .
so instead of a sniper taking players out it would just be a spotter on top of his game .
i had n't heard of autoapps but i 'll look into it !
that has nothing to do with the fact that they 're misrepresenting their financial status .
you commonly hold your breath hop in and pray you get let out in time .
right now it 's crap and adults are taking all the crap jobs teenagers usually depend on .
i 'll agree that they should probably change the spelling if they want people to be able to intuit how to spell it .
i mean how the hell do you get woos-ter '' from worcester ?
maybe they should just put up signs with the pronunciation .
obviously hoping for that outside chance of a renshaw win today .
still really happy he found that runner-up spot on stage one .
i feel this will be a lot harder but then again he has an excellent record on the trip around adelaide .
you do n't have to be gay to never touch a vagina
you 're claiming that legally any former govt official that continues to possess knowledge that is impactful to national affairs does not enjoy the same rights to confidentiality as the average person ?
i highly doubt this is true would you mind citing a source please ?
the thing people forget is that this is a rookie squad .
piglet and fenix are the only ones remaining from last season .
give this team some time they 'll live up to their potential .
does it blink at two diferent speeds like the dots and dashes ?
to extend u/sleeps_with_crazy 's answer ito calculus is really interesting when the in function to be integrated stops being deterministic .
with a deterministic l^2 function you do n't need ito .
it is a weiner integral and a classic ibp shows it is a stieljes integral .
but ito calculus in all its glory stochastic process integrated wrt a martingale stops having any connection to stieljes integral since no ibp argument can result in bounded variation functions and you have to resort to ito isometry to show existance .
he knows the more outrageous the stuff he says is the more people talk about him which keeps him in the spotlight and pushes everyone else out of it .
once the primaries are secure he 'll dial down the rhetoric and move towards the centre ground .
that 's when we 'll see how much support he really has
i carefully set down a bowl of sweetened dextro oatmeal and a spoon in front of you at the dinning table okay you can open them now i whisper with a smirk
how do you spend your time when things are good ?
ireland has never had a car industry and has the same protectionist shit going on .
one of the few material goods you ca n't move freely from another eu country .
i 'm sure australian car retailers will make sure nothing changes in a hurry .
i am mid chapter discussing the physical layer of networks and just read about this minutes ago .
no they were definitely a part of the whole group at least pre-wolf .
tons of people root for teams in cities they dont live in .
my mom 's 16 year old cat had a syst removed from her stomach yesterday .
the vet said it may have been cancer but was not sure with out doing any future testing .
sissy was chewing on the syst until it was open .
but it will stop her from chewing on the stitches .
i have n't seem him on the na lcs yet this season .
your account describes the straightforward system we would have had we not adopted fractional reserve banking https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fractional-reserve_banking .
because the smile transforms from a laid-back lazy smile to a creepy face once he begins to dunk you .
yeah russia is about to collapse any day now just like the headlines in 2014 and 2015 said !
it 's funny that you have articles like this one being written at the same time as bloomberg articles such as this one http www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-01-22/ruble-rebounds-from-record-low-as-oil-surge-lifts-russia-assets
lol you 're not even the only one in this thread .
it does n't always show this but right now batterylife says i have 100 after 492 cycles .
david price would flatten the pair of them and he 's a joke these days .
just with the same bone crushing organ rupturing solidness as a brick wall or concrete .
only reason i used to live near the golden gate .
not sure there was anything smart about the prentice tax plan ... as evidenced by the outcome .
seems to me and many others that the pcs have just become a brokerage party that likes big oil and everything liberal .
not sure what the glue is anymore other than nostaligia for lougheed .
newer windows phones are so broken that they ca n't sustain a continuous connection to the internet .
setting lineups each week is usually my weak point .
in dynasty it 's not as obvious but in redraft i think the biggest reason my teams fail late is i just do n't work the ww like i should .
i get stubborn and do n't want to drop my guys and miss out on the season changing ww adds .
i have almost been killed by the negligence of co workers .
it looks good artisticaly and with the music but it 's not interesting because it 's a single overedited clip and even a very good clip for that matter .
hoping to make you improve keep up the good work
if it is an aftermarket alarm that is installed then i would suggest having it removed .
as you said the car likely is having a problem with the immobilizer but if you were having problems with it before then i would ditch it .
you might try to find a mobile car audio/security person in your area .
the fact that there is already a priest shortage may have played into part of the cover up .
koichoco ending s i agree that chisato should n't have won and if anything that her winning seemed forced .
but i disagree they did n't enjoy each other 's company .
she was more into him than vice versa but it was n't so much so i 'd say he did n't enjoy her company .
my issue was that yuuki did n't enjoy her as woman due to him feeling like her brother 's replacement .
he clearly rejected her once and ignored her a few other times romantically .
the way they resolved it felt way too quick .
they should have had that argument a lot earlier than showed him letting his feelings go and eventually being romantically into her .
i do agree with you on the overall score of 7/10 though .
and about mifuyu 's route ... yea that was n't handled well .
s i was so let down when they revealed her loyalty to chisato was due to a scar .
maybe it 's just a japanese thing but it was hard to believe she got seriously shunned in swim class or whatever it was for having that scar .
anime would have been better without trying to force her and michiru 's route in to me . ''
since the people who do like it praise them so much that i want in on it
i 'm not sure what you dislike about it so much but i hope you do give it a second chance .
feels like a minority opinion but i 'll stand by it nonetheless .
hopefully someone puts up a vod when possible i 'd like to watch it again i missed quite a lot because i was laughing too hard .
got them moving me to the gas after asking a few more times .
make a new account and power level that account to 70 and then give all the loot from the old character to the new one on the separate account .
i shoot my head up then bring it down at lock out .
feel like i 'm too far over the bar with my head down at the start .
alright don we know you think hot blooded '' is an overrated single but you do n't need to shit on foreigner that much^badumtiss
yeah that would be good have wellington got their a league contract renewed tho ?
both of those games have plausible deniability for explicit content .
say someone goes into huniepop semi blind and get one of the explicit pictures sent by playing the game
oops did n't mean to show that lol sorry twitch i thought i was playing all ages version . ''
second life is even worse because it invites a social aspect and near infinite possibilities for whatever out of control of the streamer .
games like dayz people find streams and search them in the game world and kill them .
imagine if that guy in dayz could shoot dicks or porn at you to blow up on the stream .
ooops i kicked the griefer out of my secondlife house because he was spamming porn it was out of my control lol ''
now do that again and follow a low carb diet instead of a gluten free diet .
you 'll find that you 'll loose weight again .
most people do n't realize that they lose weight on a gluten free diet because they are cutting calorie dense carbs from their diet with the gluten .
i was never able to destroy the things in midair with my atomos but i recall being able to do it with a latron .
i 'm now going to bathe in the sink from now on
you should have been protected on january 9th because you had more than 7 pills taken properly .
in your case missing the first 2 pills put you at risk from the previous encounter .
i think it 's a small chance because sperm can live up to 5 days and your missed pill was on day 5 after the sex .
if one of you passes away the other is left with the entire debt .
sorry i promised to trade sableye with bad proof with my irl friend
settle down tiger you are adding more to the mix here .
we are not talking about international tax agreements that is a whole separate subject plus that is business that is not tax exempt i agree it is bad but that is a different subject .
secondly what does this have to do with people who receive government assistance ! ?
they are people in need who get a helping hand for the government which is paid for with tax money .
does your church give food and help out unconditionally without judgement ?
or are people asked to think about attending your church ?
there are plenty of examples of church 's helping on the condition of attendance .
the government on the other hand unconditionally give support .
i would be really gratefull if you can gift me one code i had been participating in most giveaways with no luck
i have it bookmarked ... it 's not exactly easy to find .
i dont even think there is a link to it on the play store .
ha i like the science approach but i 'll take you on in a side by side test any day .
you 're forgetting that the scooter relies on the person leaning which is giving the device tons of force in the reverse direction .
it 's essentially like a car trying to accelerate up a hill and everyone knows that trying to accelerate up a hill covered in snow is difficult .
and as for skinny tires helping across the board on all modes of transportation you ever tried biking in the snow ?
i 'm not fat my bones are just made of lead .
does anyone have a link or mirror for the episode 2 anti-cheese edit ?
episode 2 and 3 have been taken down for copyright infringement on youtube .
guess disney agrees that 1 is bad enough to overlook the copyright issue .
the anti-cheese is about a 6.5 the original movie is a 3 .
i 'm so confused how do you print a new updated admission ticket '' ?
that 's the direction college board has on the sat test center closings site .
also hypothetically speaking do you think it would be possible to change the test center for the postponed one ?
i have a conflict that day and luckily a high school near where i 'll be closed today too and am thinking about changing my test center to there .
unwind https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unwind novel maybe but i do n't remember the eye thing specifically .
i 've never seen so much fear in a man 's eyes
upset with them since i can only grow a small scruff
he promoted evil was obsessed with feces the anus the devil and said one should be a bold sinner '' and called the epistle of saint james an epistle of straw . ''
his doctrines are so evil its so sad how many people dont know the reality of his morality .
in addition to all that satanic filth he said that the pope and cardinals should be murdered
iirc in order to vote absentee on your first election you have to register in person .
i know a lot of people went home for their first election while i had already sent in my absentee because i registered in person .
i have seen some software companies mostly not the most credible ones where you have to pay money upfront to get employed .
said amount will be returned on completion of a fixed period of time .
trying to leave the company in between will cause you to lose the deposited money .
leo and toby only agreed to do the film if it was n't shown in the us .
the word occult has its roots in the latin occultus meaning hidden secret .
i 'm so full ... why do n't you two be good boys and clean me up ... with your tongues ...
the two of those are two of my favorite quotes .
it 's the movement for grit and realism probably i do n't think the deagle is regarded as a practical weapon by any professional .
you are a savage and your taste buds are suspect .
oh man i better say something nice about the sax in that song then
i always found it a little weird to use because the wire connected to the bottom of the controller instead of the top .
that 's true about prestige but pennsylvania state schools are n't very cheap and offer barely any financial aid or scholarships .
psu and pitt are over 30k per year instate and most others are about 20-25k per year for tuition/room aboard/fees etc .
difference between my ratio of cuss words verbalized to words verbalized averaged over every year of my life and the average ratio of everyone else born within 12 months of me averaged in the same way .
edit i do n't think that was super clear ...
when i turn 1 take the number of times i cussed over the previous year and divide by the number of words i spoke in the previous year .
add them all up and divide by the number of years i lived .
do the same for everyone born within 1 year of me .
add all of those numbers up counting each one however many times the number of years the source person lived .
well at least i can say i spent this time pooping productively ?
i was n't taking in account the tax return rebate .
also i am not sure how easy/hard is the withdrawal process once i 've relocated back to india .
so i just started rwby this weekend and managed to catch up ...
there 's a reason its set up like this .
if you notice there is very little in the cash shop that costs exactly one of the amounts in the picture .
so no matter what you buy you will have left over currency which increases the likelihood of you purchasing more currency down the road usually during a sale .
oh a sale for 300 and i have 250 in the shop .
i 'll just buy the smallest one it 's only a few dollars . ''
in addition you are much less likely to buy something that says 24 '' than you are to buy something that says 1720 ncsoft coins .
heres the order explained in a very beautiful mspaint drawing http imgur.com/yjfnaye .
leave the tight pinroll resting lightly on your socks .
the socks should come about an inch above your shoes and have a bit of a stacking feel to them .
make sure your pinroll is also only using they hemmed part of your pants to make it look cleaner then you should be okay .
if he wants me to participate in his fetish i am willing to consider it but it just ca n't be real humiliation and real degradation .
i would n't expect anyone to participate in a sex act if uncomfortable .
i do n't need spotlight for birthing i need to relax and he is stressing me the fuck out !
if my husband can not respect my limits that is why i will be raising my child on my own .
btw no one whistled better than axl rose on patience '' .
really ... and just how does it work in san diego ?
i 'd like to hear from you how it works .
i have n't even thought of those for years ... .
kodu is the last fucking person who should talk about obsessing over some internet celeb . ''
at least that 's how i remember it growing up .
they are only allowed to finish the hole they 're on after the horn blows .
so because he swings right then they were allowed to finish the hole and get some extra sleep
520 give legends to teams that do n't have any or rarely get any
why are competetive tryhards always butthurt about design choices from a casual forger ?
i wish i had money for one of these burls right now .
also when you want a new game but are broke and you know you 'll have the money in 30 days redbox is a great way to get it .
the bos actually any faction with vertibirds like the gunners seem to lose a lot of random encounters just due to the vertibird they fly in on .
whatever they fight just snipes the pilot before they can land and you end up just having random vertibirds crashing in out of nowhere or they do land and wind up having the vertibird explode killing them .
used k9 for a long time changed to aqua mail .
more polished ui and an actually working text reflow .
well a popular option is r/warinspace which is pretty fun .
bunny has only played in 2 games so far .
after this game you should wonder why he plays if they continue to allow it but this past game bunny was playing against what is widely considered the worst team in the na lcs .
this was supposed to be a cake walk and a confidence boost but it backfired pretty badly .
you mean kinda like all the vive fanboys here shitting on palmer daily .
an ed hardy shirt does n't actually suggest anything but an affinity for ed hardy shirts
no back in the early 2000 's ed hardy shirts were worn by douchebaggy bro '' types .
it very much became a symbol of a certain culture .
you 're dismissing the simple explanations of reddit 's dislike for that particular marilyn quote and way overthinking it .
obviously your personal experience does n't line up with the stereotype but the stereotype is out there .
your connection is great/not great and you are being kicked from games due to server connection issues .
then you get a message from someone saying they are reporting you and your rep is about to suffer due to something you had no control over .
trying to still lock 180s in i 'm just scared to land backwards but i can do them up and down a ramp
by this logic hall should 've been gone last year because his stretch of bad play was far longer than eberle 's this year .
by the way eberle is still tied for the lead in points in the past 15 games .
http www.hockey-reference.com/play-index/pgl_finder.cgi ? request=1 player match=cumulative year_min=2016 year_max=2016 season_start=1 season_end=-1 rookie=n age_min=0 age_max=99 team_id=edm opp_id is_playoffs=n playoff_round series_game_min=1 series_game_max=7 team_game_min=35 team_game_max=50 player_game_min=1 player_game_max=9999 game_location game_result pos=s overtimes on_birthday c1stat c1comp=gt c1val c2stat c2comp=gt c2val c3stat c3comp=gt c3val c4stat c4comp=gt c4val order_by=date_game
that girl was more excited by her first dissection than a teenager after his first sex night .
jj might break two of his toes in the next fight !
all the galleries i 've found with this pic are miscellaneous no name no additional pics .
sure if you are trying to sell leveraged asset management programs to other businesses you should probably have a slick website .
but if you are a bbq shack on some godforsaken spit of highway a wordpress site is fine address phone number picture of bbq done .
i introduced doctor who to my girlfriend recently and we 've planned to watch one episode a day with the occasional break between seasons and specials and such .
we started from series 1 and are going in this order season 1 day break xmas special 1 day break classic who serial 1 from each doctor including the tv movie 1 day break rinse and repeat .
by myself i 'll probably finally move forward into the eighth doctor adventures after i listened to blood of the daleks once last year in november or something .
i 'll also try and watch a lot more in the way of non-who related shows and i guess i 'll watch class when it comes out .
subjectively be the person i can spend eons of time with .
tall strong progressive geek active never wants to live outside of my metro area animal person stoner frugal drinks no religion no kids likes my friends has good/cool friends self sufficient .
to be fair he 's not lying http www.wired.com/2016/01/volcanic-unrest-in-indonesia-is-forcing-evacuations .
i 'm just not sure what that has to do with a basketball game .
i still hate him he 's just been too irrelevant to hate recently
i 'd certainly pay to see nick cage in a the shadow over innsmouth adaptation now you mention it .
i would seriously fall in love with this story if he milked every coin they had .
the car is a peugeot 604 in case anyone was wondering .
goes out to play the puck and removes his mask ?
he 's probably watched too many videos of stalock .
well most phones have a home button or back button .
i have the droid turbo which does have these buttons and i use the home button .
so i do this then manually close app through a task manager sorta thing .
so in return if the phone has no buttons they would have to force shutdown the phone .
in some cases phones may have the button built into screen but when in an app they wo n't be there anymore to maximize screen usage .
sadly a bug made facial surgery unavailable to me after completing one of nick 's detective cases .
i can still use the console but it 's harder to use that way and is missing some functionality .
i did a thing similar to yours at first though .
started with the no nonsense '' haircut changed it to one of the more ruffled ones after getting out of the vault since no one looks that clean getting up from a nap especially for 200 years .
later went for the unladylike '' raider-style one then went back to vault 81 to get the prim and proper hair back .
now that the minutemen have their shit back together and i 'm the leader of a prestigious organization i should look the part .
never really did much with facial reconstruction except to change makeup scarring dirt and stuff .
seems silly that i have to go to a surgeon to do that .
look i 'm not a hillary supporter but this guy was clearly ambushing her .
bro you do n't understand japanese people and how they adhere to rules and laws they 're probably already freaking out about their illegal u-turn more than the tsunami
this is a gesture from a man who loves and wants his wife .
is there no possibility of getting a gym membership ?
anything is better than nothing but this is far from optimal
i do n't care how dallin h oaks defines a bigot .
oaks and the rest of his cronies in the 1st presidency and 12 apostles are all bigots and since god gave thomas s monson a bigoted revelation '' that makes god a bigot too .
although that number is probably lower due to a lot of ppl quitting smoking by vaping
anyone that depends on them for their business would n't upgrade .
one day i went to my friends house and he was downstairs with his brother as soon as i get there his brother says hey dude did you hear vance got 26 kills in halo he 's been bragging about it a day '' my friend replays dude no i have n't '' later that day he was playing halo master chief collection swat .
after playing for a little bit he gets into a game where he gets 38 kills after that me and his brother ask him if he 's gon na brag about getting 38 he sarcastically says yes .
ever since that day all of our friends and his family have just been around saying 38 and telling people about 38
he still needs to work on his facial expressions.. he looks confused
sounds like jan may be a scratch for a little while since he was so cautious answering .
hope he gets well soon and good luck to wimmer in the meanwhile .
i remember watching bowling for columbine and liking it when it came out but i remember finding a site like this http www.hardylaw.net/truth_about_bowling.html basically saying the entire thing is inaccurate .
i have n't read that site in over a decade so i 'm not sure of it 's accuracy at all .
however is n't there some huge issue with accuracy every time he makes a film ?
not all r600 driven chips have tesselation enabled atm and some might never have .
aside from that some r600 cards do not implement fp64 in hardware and it will have to be emulated in software .
it 's still being discussed on the development lists i think .
i think there is a variable override to force mesa to advertise 4.1 just do n't remember it atm .
cypress/cayman/aruba earlier r6xx/r7xx chips only support a subset of the needed fp64 ops and do n't do gl4 anyway .
it 's a similar thing as it was in early r300/r400 cards .
amd lied about level of opengl support i remember that there was entire generation of amd cards where the driver lied about hardware support for npot textures which was a prerequisite to certain features related to desktop compositing at the time .
i think opensource radeon devs decided to emulate fglrx in that regard for compatibility sake .
american jokes do n't laugh the rest of the poor world
i try to only apply decals that really help improve the kit or are very difficult to replicate with some paint touch ups .
por ejemplo i 'm wip on the kamiki build burning and there are a couple long thin black detail stickers which just would n't apply without looking turrible so i painted them instead .
that 's ok. maybe experiment and do shampooing only once out of those 3x per week ?
meh my experience 6 years both my wife and i with scandinavian universities is that they seem pretty adequately funded .
u.s. universities would be very well off if they could get a chunk of the obscene defense spending budget .
it 's gross but i 'd rather kiss a smoker than kiss no one .
in the past ragnarok online private servers have been my go-to game for killing time with friends if i had nothing better to do .
it 's kinda lost it 's charm now though .
after server hopping so much and since renewal came out it 's hard to find a good server with decent latency to europe .
talk with their customer support theres is 110 chance that they 'll refund you the price difference in the form of newegg gift card .
they 'll say that prices of pc parts fluctuate pretty frequently and that they cant do price differences but u stay your ground .
sometimes even price differenced some products which i brought 3 weeks back .
i still feel like i 've had an illusion shattered despite consciously knowing it was n't true all along .
i had another post but apparently it did n't save .
it 'll be worse for a few months as your body adjusts yes true of any iud but then you 'll be back to your same old heavy periods without any awful hormonal side effects .
does your username have anything to do with the artist xxyyxx ?
well the thing is the paladin garbage '' legendaries are n't even that bad .
they 're definitely better than a lot of other class legendaries flame leviathan king krush etc .
i use the clr heads myself and it completely changes the much maligned ego one tank .
it 's never gon na blow massive clouds but it does a good enough job .
i 've not had one dry hit even on higher vg juice and they 're incredibly easy to build and wick .
having used both extensively the ego one blows the subtank out of the water .
joyetech should 've included a clr with every version of this and the tron tank .
and you and your girls could always have a small get together at someone 's place where everyone brings their dress and they try them on for you .
these are retards whose only italian word they know is pizza
ehh they know mozzarella '' too but they ca n't spell it nor have they tasted the real stuff .
it 's only got a couple of countries but might be a start
on the bright side it got tons of pc graphics options .
face full of rubber-coated polycarbonate from the shin guards under my pants .
then again i think there 's a good number of people that wo n't watch sd no matter what if it 's taped .
unfortunately i live in the middle of nowhere i ordered through amazon so i 'm trying to return as little as possible .
replacement cpu is on the way so hopefully that solves the problem .
i pulled him and thought he was kinda useless considered his links and stats are n't the greatest .
there 's just so many of them out there that it 's basically nothing special
i read another reddit post where a girl said the same thing about how her parents made her wear clothes to bed because they were religious and thought that pajamas were are sexual type of an item .
people not being allowed to peave with employers confiscating their passports and being forced to work for free is very common .
i respect you for your opinion but i do n't agree with you that everyone should learn like that .
your journey is completely different from another person 's .
never had one when they first came out so i did n't recognize it .
doing gods work there son by helping us avoid clicking on the herald sun website .
i 'd love to have him as an aussie .
i too am unaffiliated and would also vote for trump over clinton .
i think the political landscape needs drastic changes and that trump would do so poorly that he 'd spurn a similar revolution as to the one sanders wants
jos on laiskempi ku copy-paste voi alkaa tekee kriittisiä arvioita elämänvalinnoistaan .
you can buy the best boots on the planet but if you have shit socks your feet will still hate you .
try the isssue boots with some fox river socks first .
16 a pair seems better than the 200 you will spend on boots .
i think 3 feet of snow constitutes the title monster storm '' .
i 'd love to do some let 's plays with the more recent line of games for the 3ds but i feel super uneasy about shipping my 3ds to a different continent ...
i 'm looking for a house to rent to throw a party in this weekend .
i 've heard some frats rent out in the summer but if anyone on here knows of a house that 'd rent out this weekend that 'd be sick .
i 'm happy to do this over pm just wanted to get the word out .
and to think that just two years back it was the other way around ...
i 'm running a 433 right now and for some reason i have n't been scoring much recently
i feel i 've been living so many lives and every single one is just a piece of the real me that has n't been connected .
i tell different people different things and i just want to tell someone everything .
so i hope you do n't mind but i really want someone to know .
think my depression started in high school but was n't sure what it was .
i just remember occasionally thinking of suicide and crying every day .
i felt alone despite having friends and from that it progressed .
by the time college came around i had the image of a clean slate and lots of friends maybe a relationship even .
i did everything i could to make it happen even joining a popular sorority .
i ended up getting a bid from the least popular too but i did n't accept it .
first few weeks were great but i started to notice the same pattern .
i 'm not usually ignored but i 'm also never sought out .
i 'm confident if i disappeared for a few weeks no one would notice .
i started to post these quotes on pinterest because seeing them from someone else made me feel better .
but then someone saw them and told the president and then a girl my roommate actually went behind my back and told people i was depressed .
then one day i casually asked if my shirt was too wrinkly to wear of all things .
the girl said it was then i just shrugged and after a second said i do n't think it 's too wrinkly . ''
she ranted at me saying i was too argumentative and no one liked me and so much else .
our roommates walked in and i did n't want to involve them so i wrote her a note figuring i could keep it together better that way anyways .
i admit i lashed out at her in it saying that it was n't fair for her to say that and how she also got on my nerves but how i could n't understand how she could say that everyone hated me when she thought i was already depressed .
she called me immature for writing a note and denied everything .
it felt like a slap in the face and i spend the next two weeks away from the house pathetically crying in a coffee shop .
other things happened i messaged a mutual friend if she could basically tell me everything that was wrong with me so i could fix me .
i wanted to know if there was anything i could fix to make people like me more and i cried to my other roommates about how i was afraid of leaving because i did n't want people talking behind my back but also afraid to be here and see her i had n't told anyone who it was because we agreed to keep it between ourselves but apparently she had told them because they asked if it was about her .
i 'm not sure what she told them and i knew she talked about me but i figured it would be better for my health if i just left it alone .
fast forward a depressing few weeks where i could n't sleep or eat and i got so drunk one night that my sisters took me to the hospital because they were afraid of me hurting myself .
the whole house heard about it some heard me yelling too .
luckily i did n't get committed or anything because i was drunk and told the doctor it was just the alcohol and by all rights i do n't look like i would be depressed .
i had to attend three counseling sessions and i got a citation for disturbing the peace though because police were called .
i 've convinced my family that i 'm not depressed but it makes me sick every time they bring it up .
i also chipped a tooth that night so every time i look in the mirror or my talks about seeing a dentist it 's like a horrible horrible flashback .
my family is great but i never want them to know i have depression .
after that i was so anxious and sick that i did n't eat for a week but eventually made myself start eating toast because i knew it was n't healthy .
i was treated like an outcast in my own house and i do n't have many friends .
like i said i 'm basically jut tolerated now and i 'm stuck here for another 2 years .
i do n't know how to live past that legacy and i equally want to address it with the house and pretend it never happened .
somedays are good now i get through the day without any crushing sadness and others are not so great and i ca n't do anything just isolate myself and pretend i do n't exist .
i just want to know what to do if i should wait it out or what .
i have read and heard a few things lately and more significantly have had some experiences that make me wonder whether the whole ymmv attitude toward all things wet shaving may actually be more complicated .
maybe our different impressions of different products are n't simply a matter of personal preference .
what got me thinking about this was u/cadinsor 's experience with the parker 24c .
he posted a video to his youtube channel where he shaved with the razor and found it a bit uncomfortable .
plenty of people suggested that maybe his angle was too steep so he made an adjustment tried again and posted another video in which the razor gave him much better results .
that may actually be consistent with the mileage analogy .
if i am fond of jackrabbit starts i 'm gon na burn a lot more fuel than someone who drives more conservatively .
poor technique and a manual transmission can lead to membership in the clutch-of-the-month club just like too much pressure will tend to cause razor burn .
but i wonder if maybe there are differences between the products we 're using too .
i 've recently re-purchased new examples of a couple of razors that were my favorites in years past including the merkur 34c and the standard .
the 34c is much more comfortable than i recall while the standard is slightly less so .
maybe it 's just faulty recollection but what if it 's more than that ?
what if the tolerances of the razors are wide enough that a razor made today is noticeably different than one made last week or last year or 15 years ago ?
i seem to recall reading that differences in head geometry of as little as 0.05mm make a perceptible difference in the quality of a shave .
we know for a fact that not every razor that comes off an assembly line is absolutely identical if they were there 'd be no need for quality control .
but what about the razors that pass qc because they 're within allowable limits – how much variation is there among those razors ?
badgers vary from individual to individual so the notion that the neck hair from one badger will be identical to that from the next is a little absurd .
a good manufacturer can sort them pretty well but there 's bound to be some variation .
and maybe this should have gone in the general questions thread .
but the notion has been percolating all day so i figured i 'd bore the rest of you with it ...
i paid for pocketcast a long time ago and am now looking to sync to my desktop windows and am a little off put by a second a fee for their web player .
so any apps that work and sync with android and windows for free ?
i 'm on the scrap yard scramble challenge for the tether strength one mod .
said i needed 6 gears got the five gears multiple times at least 3 and still says i need 1 left .
have also tried getting only one gear total did n't work .
i had this image frozen on my screen for about 30secs http imgur.com/nxfcsdo
hey y'all headed back to playa in about three weeks my buddy owns a dive shop and is looking for a fish finder ?
no idea what to look for for him do i just get a generic fishing fish finder ?
hey guys i have this ak for a long time and i do n't see any other one for sale so i do n't know how much is worth nowadays probably not going to sell it but wanted to know how much is worth .
do you think that we will ever see pokemon go information released in future directs ?
in general how do you guys think the information will be distributed official facebook page in-universe communication videos ala ingress report etc .
i 'm not good at determining whether games will run well before buying the game and since this is 60 i want to make sure i can play it .
will my computer be able to get decent fps ?
any recommendations/help in general on whether i should get the game and whether it will be playable would help .
just received court summons my 2nd and 5 th grader received 7 unexcused absences each because of a family trip to florida .
the trip was half vacation and half to see an uncle who was on his death bed .
i worked things out with the kids teachers beforehand and they did homework during the whole trip both kids are getting a 's and b 's .
and minus this trip the children have only missed one other day separate occasions when one was sick .
the summons mentions having kids taken away and so on is this that major of a situation ?
i keep getting booted off of the network both mu gaming and mu wireless for the brief time that i 'm connected it works just fine but then after a few minutes it will keep booting me off or telling me i have no internet connection .
hey im 20 years old and male and i have had this condition for about 7 years and ive seen about a dozen different doctors and had multiple tests but none seem to have diagnosed anything so i thought i would just try asking here .
my symptoms are a mix of symptoms most commonly associated with ms cfs and fibromyalgia but i have n't had a proper diagnosis of any of them so i will just list them all here and see what replies i get .
i have pain all over my body arms legs back neck hands feet and fingers it is usually aching or stabbing pains but sometimes burning sensations .
i get tired extremely easily like by running up a few stairs or ever just doing a small amount of tidying up .
i am extremely sensitive to heat and get hot and sweaty even when others around me are cold .
it is hard for me to fall asleep and also very hard to get me out of bed .
i get migraines usually every other day ranging more moderate to severe and occasionally very severe .
i got angry/annoyed easily and i have a short temper .
i have bad short term memory but a very good long term memory .
i have anxiety and i worry about things too much .
i have quite a low libido sex or watching porn just does n't interest me a lot of the time even though im 20 .
i have difficulty concentrating and learning new skills but i am generally a very intelligent person .
i used to get twitches in my arms and legs but that has lessened now .
i sometimes get severe pains in my chest that throw me to the ground because they are so painful .
i often have difficulty breathing and catching my breath sometimes for no reason .
basically i cant walk very far from my home because it is just too tiring and painful for my legs and i can not work .
i also had an episode of urinary retention about 2 years ago and i had a catheter for a week but that hasnt happened since but it is often hard for me to start a flow of urine when i need to urinate .
hey guys sorry if this has been covered before .
i have a lg g watch and an iphone .
i would like to install apps and watchfaces without using a pc to sideload .
is there a way to have the watch paired to both the iphone and a separate android device just to load apps/faces on it ?
just to quickly point out the obvious that i do n't own of the characters and that this is nothing but a fan-fiction .
i dunno if i can really count this as a chapter since the extract is so short but it 's all i 've got so far and i 'd like to hear some feedback to see which direction to head in !
i have n't written in a while so chances are this is n't your usual fan-fiction quality !
but i figured i 'd give it a try anyway !
nagisa ... my voice was naught but a murmur trying to reach out into the void .
tears rolled down my cheek as i clung on to her small fragile hand pleading for some kind of miracle .
i could n't bear to turn around to look at the faces of the family that had done so much for me the family i had destroyed .
ushio 's wails continued to drown the room 's otherwise empty silence as i was engulfed by pain and suffering .
this was pain like no other a pain that threatened to rip apart my whole existence .
my faltering voice and tight grasp gave out simultaneously extinguishing any strength i still carried .
a sudden feeling or warmth surged through my body as a gentle hand touched my back .
this touch belonged to sanae a touch almost identical to that of nagisa 's .
i 'm so sorry ... these words though spoken gently cut through me like a sharp blade .
what was i to say to the mother whose daughter i had robbed of life ... ?
we 'll get through this tomoya we 'll get through this i promise .
through red puffy eyes it was just possible to distinguish sanae 's face .
whilst it no longer upheld the happy and sarcastic expression it usually carried it was n't brimming with suffering either .
my head sunk into sanae 's shoulder as i bawled uncontrollably .
i felt so weak crying this way when sanae was yet to shed a single tear .
tomoya ... let me take you elsewhere you ca n't stay here .
it was the first he had spoken in hours and like sanae he had no trouble keeping his emotions under control .
i ... i ca n't just leave her ... the words tumbled out of my mouth before i even knew what i was saying .
as much as it hurt to stay in her presence there was no part of me that wanted to be without it either .
listen kid i know it hurts i wish they could have been an alternative .
but you got ta be strong for us for ushio and nagisa ! just hearing the name made my heart tear apart .
to the father who continued to do nothing but ruin my life ?
to the bakery whose walls held all those memories ?
there was nowhere for me any-more no safe haven to return to .
i know it 's quite short and probably quite poor in quality but i at least wanted to have a shot at writing some fan fiction .
is the macd reliable when it comes to catching onto bullish or bearish trends ?
or is it too difficult to distinct before either trend most of the time ?
about a month ago i got a godzilla tattoo on my left shoulder i was planning on showing it to reddit when i got my first touch-up however i quickly learned after getting my touch-up earlier this afternoon that the original looks far better simply because some parts needed some touching up and some parts obviously did n't .
i 'll post a fully healed picture in a few weeks until then here 's my fresh tattoo http m.imgur.com/mvhexmx lr0tsdj,2mqvqry
first post on reddit after using it for a while
i backed up a few of my game cartridges to my system and installed them as .cia files .
i was wondering if there is any way to transfer the saves off the game cartridges and import in the games on emunand ?
i 've tried tools like savemanager and svdt but they both keep freezing upon launching them pushing buttons does n't do anything as some people suggested .
are there any other tools out there for this or are my saves stuck on the game cartridges ?
its short cover of the chorus of the song .
i noticed no one else has made an arrangment for this so i took at a crack at it and was only able to come up with this .
i 'm gon na be making tabs soon and welcome help arranging the rest of the song .
by now i 've seen loads of videos/posts/threads about pvms or similar monitors that people have but they could n't have all come from ebay .
i understand that you can get lucky by just stumbling across one at a flea market or something but that is highly unlikely and not something that everyone can count on .
so then what is the best way to track down a nice monitor locally ?
what types of businesses may have them lying around somewhere and most importantly how can you contact them or convince them to sell one to you ?
surely there is a way to find these in the wild as they come up on ebay constantly .
so far i know that you have these webinars you hold meetups where you discuss things and you join marches supporting the rh bill and lgbt pride .
it was unbelievable how many raiders fans wore their gear to the bar and rooted for the fucking broncos .
my iphone 6 ios 8.1 randomly brought back all photos that i have ever deleted and all my albums says 0 photos even though there are photos still showing inside them .
this is a phaser tutorial in which we look through tweens using custom signals and extending phaser groups by creating a simple concentration game .
wracked by illnesses and infirm his entire life on earth ning knew early on that he would die as a teenager .
what he did n't know was that there really was such a thing as life after death and that the multiverse was a far larger place than he thought .
a lucky twist of fate one of the few in ning 's life meant that ning was reborn into a world of immortals and monsters of ki refiners and powerful fiendgods a world where dynasties lasted for millions of years .
a world which is both greater ... and yet also smaller ... than he ever could imagine .
he would have the opportunity to join them and in this life ning swore to himself he would never let himself be weak again !
the era he was born into was a desolate one but ning would make it his era .
i levelled my invention skill i am now level 6 .
by levelling up my invention skill i achieved at least level 6 in all skills .
by levelling up my invention skill i achieved at least level 7 in all skills .
i levelled my invention skill i am now level 7 .
they were my first choice https www.reddit.com/r/coldwarpowers/comments/41qplu/meta_good_claims saw that they were open .
i really liked playing as namibia but i think south africa is in a more dynamic position and that i am ready for that role .
also are there steps i can take to prevent my country from erupting into revolts or am i powerless to stop it ?
i levelled my invention skill i am now level 6 .
by levelling up my invention skill i achieved at least level 4 in all skills .
by levelling up my invention skill i achieved at least level 3 in all skills .
i now have a total level of 2600 split among all my skills .
i levelled my invention skill i am now level 6 .
by levelling up my invention skill i achieved at least level 5 in all skills .
i do n't know anything about pokemon star trek football clubs manga gaming culture .
so whenever such references come up in reddit or elsewhere i am completely lost .
i levelled my farming skill i am now level 72 .
i was hoping to poll the dads here for ideas for valentines day .
jewelry is n't really an option right now my wife has plenty and ca n't wear it all as is .
i gave her a massage/spa day for mother 's day that she still has n't had a chance to use .
i did paper roses for an anniversary years ago .
i cold do a photo mug but i did a travel one a couple years back .
so.. the hunt is on for something i can order that would be creative and nice and hopefully original .
many glaciers will soon be extinct with huge knock-on effects on human water supplies and unique ecosystems .
the race is on to sample them before they 're gone
i know that they are fundamentally different games but there is one thing that gets me hooked on fallout every time
in witcher 3 i am trying to enjoy the open world but there are constantly long dialogues and cutscenes .
in fallout the dialogue system is not extremely fleshed out i know it could also be better but the short on point dialogues are actually something i enjoy very much about this game .
this ai uses google street view to pick the best roads for viewing mountains and other scenery
been playing the game for one year and i 'm interested in playing gold paladins .
and yes i am aware that a trial deck is coming out but someone at my locals told me that the sun '' archetype was basically shite ''
8th market express is running but on limited service .
by levelling up my invention skill i achieved at least level 8 in all skills .
i levelled my invention skill i am now level 9 .
by levelling up my invention skill i achieved at least level 9 in all skills .
by levelling up my invention skill i achieved at least level 7 in all skills .
1 m4a1-s hyper beast minimal wear http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197976348439/inventory 730_2_4816852427 0.14233838021755 http csgo.exchange/item/4816852427 sticker get_right cluj-napoca 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c get_right 7c cluj-napoca 2015 sticker ninjas in pyjamas foil cologne 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 28foil 29 7c cologne 2015 10
1 stattrak™ p250 hive minimal wear http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197976348439/inventory 730_2_4604002506 0.12877050042152 http csgo.exchange/item/4604002506 sticker ninjas in pyjamas katowice 2014 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 7c katowice 2014 4
1 stattrak™ ak-47 elite build field-tested http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197976348439/inventory 730_2_4765870427 0.2535485625267 http csgo.exchange/item/4765870427 sticker ninjas in pyjamas cologne 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 7c cologne 2015 sticker ninjas in pyjamas katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 7c katowice 2015 sticker ninjas in pyjamas cluj-napoca 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 7c cluj-napoca 2015 1
i levelled my invention skill i am now level 8 .
by levelling up my invention skill i achieved at least level 5 in all skills .
i levelled my invention skill i am now level 6 .
i 've seen in many shabads the reference to mother comes .
why we need to tell her about this fact ?
i have a theory but not sure if it is the right one
mother usually keeps you attached with family and worldly matters just like kabeer ji 's mother cried when kabeer ji went into bhagti why she cried is the basis of former argument .
a mother would want her son/daughter to excel in worldly matters too and not leave everything become a saint but this sometimes may lead to resistance to even walking to path of being a saint .
such trait is found in our mind '' as well so maybe maey is used metaphorically to remind our mind that forget of worldly matters how can you forget god when he/she/it is the only truth .
is it simply a reminder to our mother that how can you forget god ?
by levelling up my invention skill i achieved at least level 6 in all skills .
i levelled my invention skill i am now level 7 .
i levelled my invention skill i am now level 6 .
also taking any other offer thats fair to the price .
what are the tropes that most 90s horror movies had in them ?
my girlfriend wants me to install a system into her 1994 chevy s10 .
the seats fold up in the back but if the pros outweigh the cons i 'm willing to talk her into taking the seats out .
i have every tool at my disposal so if i have to get crafty and diy something that is ok .
the head unit should be single din with bluetooth and auxillary .
not sure how powerful or what size amp/sub i should get for this truck .
my high school requires all seniors to complete a project of personal interest and i decided to learn shorthand for my project .
for the project i am required to have a mentor who is qualified in my project 's field .
a mentor would primarily have to sign off that i am learning shorthand to a satisfactory degree so being my mentor will only require a couple short meetings over the next few months .
i can be very flexible about where and when we meet .
i will be learning shorthand on my own from a workbook so you as a mentor wo n't have to spend a lot of time giving me lessons or anything .
i am willing to learn any common version of shorthand depending on what version you know .
if you live in the sf bay area and know shorthand or know someone who knows shorthand please let me know .
edit as of right now i am still looking for a mentor .
how would have roman reigns vs hhh done as a main event financially if wwe network didnt exist and wwe still followed the ppv model for wrestlemania ?
i 've been thinking about this scenario ever since i read a post on gonewildstories that has since been deleted .
for this prompt i 'm looking for someone to rp as a mostly innocent college-aged girl that 's been brought to a shady bar either by her friends and boyfriend who knows the dj and is in on it or by her family and boyfriend same deal if you 're into playing it with a slight incest angle .
i 'm happy to forgo that part if it does n't appeal to you however .
you 're brought to the bar where unbeknownst to you there is a wet-tshirt contest going on .
you 're picked out of the crowd by the dj and coerced into participating in the show dubcon against your best wishes .
except you do n't end up on stage with the rest of the girls you 'll become the star of the show..
i would rp as the dj and also a narrator of sorts describing what you hear and see and are asked to do .
i would be looking for you to mostly describe how the situation makes you feel with an omniscient narration .
this prompt would be mostly psychological and less physical .
i 'm looking for a few short paragraphs per response and am open to something longer term because that seems to always fit both partners ' schedules better .
my kink list is here although a lot of it probably does n't apply due to my character not really being a hands on participant .
mainly i 'm looking to explore the dom side of public humiliation and possibly an incestuous slant but again not required https i.imgur.com/lcljeqa.png
for my game i wanted to try something a bit different than a normal dungeon crawl i want to have an escalating series of situations that seem like they will inevitably lead to a spooky '' style combat but then ... nothing .
i want to mess with the players ' minds and expectations a bit and i 'm thinking that the more build up there is without the stress relieving oh it 's time to roll initiative '' the more tense it will become .
or maybe i lack the dm skills and it will just become a farce .
time will tell but i 'm looking for some suggestions .
the players are exploring the long abandoned undercity of what was once the greatest city in the known world .
they are very deep underground at this point and have already met some rather disturbing creatures .
old cryptic graffiti written in modern common throughout the ruins while simultaneously stressing how it is clear that no one had been here for an extremely long time .
all will be arc words of some kind related to the already creepy mysteries of what had happened to the old city but eventually i 'm thinking of including a few meta ones that seemingly describe their actions .
they will pass through an area that used to be a holding area for the old city 's slaves and in a hallway they will find several metal statues showing various people in creatively done agony .
each has an inscription describing a virtue of the slave . ''
to subvert the expectation of creepy statues come to life '' they will instead will not ... but closer inspection will reveal that these statues are actually shaped around human remains .
perhaps a cruel punishment for subverting each inscribed virtue a reminder to keep the others in line .
another will see a hooded humanoid form walk by a doorway while the rest are distracted but find nothing .
so what non-encounters/details would you use for something like this ?
i 've recently been playing ultimate ninja heroes on psp and fell in love .
i recorded the episode that played on toonami last night but i want to know if i should start from the begining and watch it all or if there are parts i 'm better off skipping .
also does anyone know of any websites where i can read the manga for free ?
what if that were the case and we are said world ?
i want to know how i 'm doing in dungeons and trials in terms of dps .
i 've got a rostock max v2 with a few upgrades but i still have issues with abs warping and splitting if the print has any height to it .
i 'd like to put together a lexan enclosure but all i have on hand is aquarium glass until i can get some lexan .
i 'm worried about the thermal properties of the glass i 'm not sure whether it 's tempered and whether it would get too hot too fast or if the surface of the enclosure does n't get hot enough to be an issue .
anyone know of anyone sour apple and menthol flavored juices ?
i 've been looking and its tough to find .
pretty new here im thinking of trying out linux soon .
i know that some of the jmods look on this reddit so i figured i would post this here because i ca n't find much contact info on the jagex website .
i 'm currently a high-school senior 12th grader and i requirement for me to graduate is to do a research project on a career that i hope to pursue after i graduate .
i want to be a sound designer and was hoping to hopefully get in contact with someone at jagex in hopes of conducting an interview with someone who helps or has designed some of the many different sounds that can be heard within rs3 and osrs .
let me start off with say i have crohn 's disease .
but let me also say this is in no way just a post to talk about my disease on because if it was i wouldnt be posting on this subreddit .
this is a post about how i have been loved through my disease and how i wish every woman is able to find a love so kind because this is what we all deserve .
i have been battling with crohn 's disease for about 8 years now .
crohn 's disease is an autoimmune disorder in which my body attacks itself specifically my colon.in the past it has caused me to lose pints of blood .
for about 2 years now i have been on a medication called remicade that has stopped all my bleeding .
6 months ago until this very day i have developed severe joint and muscle pain .
the severe pain is in my fingers my toes my knees my calfs my buttocks and both of my upper shoulders .
it has been determined that remicade is not the cause of my pain although i have been taken off of it for precautionary measures .
i have been to 7 doctors and my pain has yet to be diagnosed .
i was working at a fast food restaurant and a boy asked my friend to ask me if it was ok if he gave him my number .
i ofcourse accepted i had always kind of though he was cute .
we fell in love immediately at least i did i think he secretly did too .
i told him i loved him about 2 weeks in and he was scared because he had just gotten out of a 6 year relationship in which the other party had been unfaithful .
but it was ok we were both so sweet to each other then that i knew if we continued on we would soon be crazy about each other .
about two weeks later he told me he loved me too .
every day with him is perfect we have very little fights and we try to forget them i have a hard time with that but he helps teach me .
i cry and cry and he scoops me up like a baby and rocks me until i feel a little less overwhelmed .
she gives me muscle relaxers and says all my mri 's come in ok. she sends me home .
my parents are skeptical if the pain i have is really as severe as i say it is .
i 've been staying over his house a lot already by this time .
i am a legal adult but my parents had been supporting my school up to that point and are strict about boys .
i had to quit work and school later on down the road .
my series of events is a bit mixed up so please excuse it.so like i said by this time i can come over a lot more.all he does when i am in pain is massage my toes kiss my feet squish my fingers massage my butt my shoulders my calfs .
my boyfriend is happy he thinks ill be ok now .
my third visit to the chiropractor leaves me numb and crying .
it turns out i do not have scoliosis.i have to be on bed rest for two weeks .
he calls me and messages me when he was n't calling .
he tried to sleepover my house but the way the bed dipped when he was next to me gave me pain .
i was becoming difficult to handle and still am .
i cry every other day in pain and he rocks me .
and his eyes look teary when he does n't know what to do .
i started putting on smelly things things stronger than icy hot .
his nose itches and sniffles when he smells them .
but he rubs them all over me bare handed and lets me lie on his bed with the stinky smelly stuff .
i go to an orthopedic doctor and back to my crohn 's doctor .
they send me home with percocet which i had a strange reaction to i would wake up in the middle of the night with anxiety attacks and he would sing to me until i relaxed .
i started to get mad because sitting hurts and i like to watch tv with him he tries to create pillow forts to support my back like some type of pillow architect .
i always cry and say that why would he love me like this that i am no good .
i mention what if i am some type of rheumatoid arthritis .
he grabs my face and looks into my eyes and says that he will love me forever no matter what .
that he is so happy that he has found someone that loves him like i love him and that we will have a beautiful future together that we will have little fat babies running around .
he makes me food and brings me iced drinks in bed .
he understands when i am too sleepy to play his favorite video game with him .
on one of the severe days he washed me .
i am still in severe pain i am scheduled for so many appointments and might have to travel far far to get a dianosis .
somedays i say i rather die but he says that if i die his soul will die .
somedays i do crazy things because i am in so much pain but he still loves me .
i keep thinking maybe his love for me will decrease with my sickness but it only gets stronger .
it hurts to sit up and it hurts for my fingers to type this but i am not crying because of that .
i am crying because i have found a once in a lifetime love .
i think someone placed him right here at the right time as my guardian angel .
and if he ends up reading this bubs you know i always like to apologize for my circumstance and what a brat i can be with this pain .
but i know you would like me to say this that i never have to explain anything to you because you already knew what i was going to say before i said it and you would n't care if i never apologized because you have forgiven me before i have even wronged you .
because you tell me your love for me is unconditional .
you are my life my love my world my rock .
reddit users do n't settle find a love as kind and as good as the one this man has planted in me and i in him
i got some pawn name hamond or something to that effect .
he was a warrior and was a fucking beast .
we were fighting an ogre everyone is down but me and him i am at 20 hp can barely hear shit when all of a sudden i see him climbing thinking to myself the fuck is he doing '' as the ogre starts rushing me then out of nowhere as if he was timing it he fucking jumps into the air smashing his sword down into the ogre killing it as soon as its about to swing at me and end me rightly .
sad that i would eventually have to change him out simply amazed by what he had just done .
makes me happy to see him progress but of late he is the same level .
enjoying that late night bowl and hopefully some chill music or shows/movies ?
i am loving using witch hazel on my face !
does anyone else find this to be a fantastic after-washing-your-face last step makeup remover ?
if my cleanser misses anything the wh always removes it .
plus for something that has naturally occurring i believe ?
alcohol in it it makes my skin so soft !
im talking about opening actual cpr project files without having to export from those daws into open formats .
basically i want to know if i can own a safe within my dorm room .
and if i can have a safe in my room can ra/cops still search it ?
i want to make sure i cant get into any trouble and have my items protected .
why not have a separate mode for premades if it must be allowed in ranked ?
what is the point of having premade teams against random teams and giving a member on the premade team his own rank ?
you do not earn your own rank if you are playing with a premade team that 's a team rank .
i just realized how stupid it is to allow this .
the text of the news report which was featured in the documentary bigger stronger faster ''
the iron sheik had been arrested recently along with wrestler hacksaw jim duggan while driving along the garden state parkway .
the iron sheik was charged with possession of cocaine and marijuana .
what has interested most wrestling fans in this case is that the iron sheik and hacksaw are known to be adversaries .
i use whatsapp a lot and me and my friends have tons of funny images and audio clips that we reuse all the time for example the darth vader 'nooooooooo ' audio clip or a photo of my friend 's middle finger
to find a specific media in a phone is like looking for a needle in a haystack .
it takes a lot of effort to do it but for the comedic effect i still do it .
i tried to search for apps that can organize my media files in whatsapp and let me reuse them easily but i could n't find one .
please try it out and let me know what you think .
i made a quick video on how to use it https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=uznatz5pfmy
and here is the link to the app in google play https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=net.thesimplest.customchatstickersinstantly
extra if you are into soundboards please continue to read
i think i accidentally written an app that can be customized into any soundboard if you are into that kind of thing .
just throw all the mp3s properly named into the customchatstickers folder and you have your own soundboard just like the one shown in the screenshot and it is better easier to preview and share than the prefab arnold soundboard apps on google play .
i absolutely do n't want to work as a dungeon master until i indulge in my laziness
695 tried her luck with the monster summoning slots and woefully got the lazy masuda keima .
keima became the new dungeon master and wasted no time spending what was left of their dp dungeon points to buy a pillow .
... you just saved me my controller i was going to throw it on the floor if i died to this boss one more time thank you whoever you are .
i solo 'd every other boss except this one f this boss and its 2nd phase .
so to start off my group we only just started playing dnd just recently only about 5 months ago .
so the campaign we are in is a home brew and the party consists of a neutral good gnome wizard a neutral good half elf druid chaotic neutral dragon born fighter chaotic neutral drow rogue and lastly myself as the chaotic neutral wood elf monk .
i will start off with a little bit of my backstory to clear things up later .
my character was raised at a very young age to be one with the shadows and was trained in the arts of assassination and torture .
my party members know nothing of my past and i am not too eager to tell them unless i absolutely have to tell them to save my life .
and due to my special talents when i interrogate or question villainous characters i tend to get a little creative with my methods so i always find a place without prying eyes of my comrades to do my business .
and my character is all about sarcasm and jokes to cope .
so the session started off fairly normal we just finished a trial of bravery in the fight pits to determine if we were strong enough to be of use to help rescue the commander 's daughter from some particularly dangerous bandits .
this was an urgent mission due to the fact that a damsel 's life was in danger so i went down to the dungeons of the castle where a bandit was taken prisoner .
i started interrogating and basically torturing the bandit with very vivid detail until he told us the location and number of his troupe .
after i received the info on the location i informed our part to rendezvous at the inn first thing in the morning for departure however our druid left on his own with a lack of social skills to go build a tree house in the woods .
we were all okay with it because he does n't know any much about a sense of urgency and we could take on a bandit camp with just four of us .
so it was the rogue wizard fighter and i walking towards the mountains to negotiate with the bandits .
the fighter purchased a beautiful white donkey for an outrageous price of 40gp to take along with us incase the woman was injured .
along the way we found a man running full sprint down the trail with smoke billowing out from the top of the hill he showed no signs of stopping as he was barreling towards me so as a natural reaction .
i took out one of his legs with my quarterstaff to slow him i ended up giving him a rather nasty charlie horse but nothing broken .
he explained that centaurs were attacking his camp and they killed his wife and child as well .
we asked him if he could show us where so we plopped him on the donkey and we ran towards the smoke .
once we arrived we planted the donkey out of view from the camp leaving the wizard to guard it just in case .
we noticed there was attacking group of 4 centaurs huddled around a group of guards that were sent before us to scout out the bandit camp .
as a joke my character said well if all goes to shit we at least have a sacrifice . ''
our wizard was less than enthused but by this time should be accustomed to my sense of humor .
i attempt to negotiate with the centaurs naturally speaking elvish to ask them what we could do to stop them from killing our brothers in arms .
they were having none of my antics and started beheading them .
we engaged the creatures in the attempt to save the men .
during the fight the wizard who was about 80 feet or so away from the camp out of sight from the centaurs decided that he would tell the man on the donkey to take it and to get away from here to where it is safe .
after the battle we untied the guards and the fighter was looking around and wondered where his donkey went .
the wizard told him that he sent it off with the man so they could escape without harm .
this was all fine and dandy with the fighter however he just asked that since the donkey was paid for with his money if he could have compensation for the loss of his property by the hands of the wizard .
it was a calm question nothing personal until the wizard went full meta .
stating how he refused to pay for it because he did a selfless deed saving the poor man that we were going to sacrifice to the centaurs .
he decided to list off everything that my character has done as far as my deeds during interrogations and fights which all of them he was not present for .
so he was going off on how all three of the chaotic neutral characters were evil beings not meant for this campaign taking it out of character at this point .
and i was telling him that 40gp compensation is all he was asking for because he gave away another man 's property .
but he started to tell us everything our players have done that he has n't witnessed to justify the prejudice for the way we play .
and i told him to leave the party if he did n't feel like repaying the fighter back so he ran off back towards the city and abandoned the quest we were given by the nobles of the country over a donkey .
my question is was i wrong to tell him to leave the party if he was trying to force his play style onto our characters ooc or was he right for not compensating a chaotic neutral character because he was neutral good
is there any idea of a wipe before the full game is released ?
black sails on stars is making me want to buy this game .
i was trying out the homie shot and it will let me focus but for some reason after a few times using it and a few games later it aint working .
it lets me focus but wont blast one off .
i 've notice that too with my orbital strike where i can bring out the binoculars but it wont let me call in the job when i focus the bi on a location .
currently in oxford and looking for a decompress this morning/afternoon .
or was sex strictly when one was going to reproduce ?
the buyer usually goes first in my trades and takes also the fees .
i need good reputation otherwise i cant trade sorry .
i usually trust my feelings and try to look at the whole picture so do n't be offended if i may decline to sell .
i sold recently quite often compendiums in smaller amounts here .
my rep thread is here http dota2traders.com/forum/thread/76561198049399310-carl_barks-repuation-thread.90719 since its down i will trust my own feelings even more .
there are only 6 registered knives on csgo.exchange with this pattern index 517 4 battle-scarred variations which are duped and 2 well-worn 1 st 1 non-st .
b/o 210 keys in pure or easy to sell items negotiable considering you have pure only in your offer .
i have had this forever and i 'm sick of having it .
it 's a mw karambit slaughter with nearly a full diamond ps white diamond bs .
looks pretty clean but the corner is a bit messed up .
it 's an excellent game with good gameplay and survival elements which are constantly being changed and upgraded .
but one of the elements of the game that intrigued me straight off was the story of the main character and timmy .
i 've often wondered what must be going through the character 's head how he would react to the grisly and grotesque situations laid out before him .
i realize that the developer 's have certain criteria and probably know how the majority of if not the entire story is going to play out .
myself i do n't think i have the patience to wait for the full release .
to that end i 've begin writing a fan fiction about the forest and i was curious if this sub would have any interest in reading my content .
if there 's interest or maybe even if there 's not i will post the first part here within a day or two .
please comment if you would be interested in reading something like this or if i 've made an error in my posting as i have been a lurker for a long while but i have not posted very much .
edit alright i think i will post what i have sometime in the next day or two .
thanks for all your enthusiasm and i 'll try not to disappoint .
please keep in mind that i may change some story elements that i do n't like or ca n't make work the way i want them to but i hope you enjoy the read .
you see on almost any product a list of the ingredients whether it be a brand leading shampoo carbonated soda and almost everything we consume or use body wise .
does this not make it much easier for another brand to replicate the product or at least get pretty close ?
i will go first if you have more trades than me .
its for a school case i d love if any of you guys can hook me up with info .
at some point in the future de will shut down the warframe servers .
let 's hope it 's 15 years away from now .
when the server will go down we will no longer be able to play warframe .
now i know that some multiplayer games have private servers/server emulators available .
for example world of warcraft mass effect 3 multiplayer etc .
my question is does anyone know what the network setup for warframe looks like ?
if so do you think it would be relatively easy to develop a server emulator .
i have n't tried using fiddler/wireshark with warframe yet .
i only know that matches are run on a player 's machine the matchmaking is done by a server and that alerts/invasions are initiated by a server .
i remember playing my first playthrough as a dwarven noble rogue and i loved it .
i was wandering about a couple of things i would like to replay the dn origin and i was wandering if the dn could become king of orzamarr eventually .
if not i wanted to know if there is a mod that permits it .
also as i have already modded my dao quite a bit i was wandering if the dragon age class and specialization pack was worth checking out .
does it add depth and a refreshing feel to the game or does it make the game unbalanced ?
if not then i was wandering if there were other mods to pick up together with it .
and just generally what other advice would you give me ?
the jungle is a place filled with all kinds of dangerous furry critters with beautiful camouflage pelts .
tekatans already possessed wood ashes from their hearths which they mixed with water and washed the pelts with to soften them and make them nicer to wear .
they also found that by dunking the pelts in a sudsy mixture of filtered wood ash and fish oil the skins became incredibly soft .
the tekatans knew that burning seashells and chalk in the kilns created a white powder that burned wet hands upon touching and could blind people however it took 200 years to utilize this .
the tekatans mixed the powder with water and more ashes until the boiling subsided and it cooled .
one man found that when he left the bucket for a week the mixture had set rock hard and was impossible to remove with water .
so he set about using this wonder material to clog the holes in his walls and prevented the jungle from coming in .
as a bonus fungus that coated other people 's houses in the jungle did n't settle on his .
the mix caught on was perfected and is now used all over tekatan homes for waterproofing and structural support .
they find that this material can clog holes on boats better than stuffed leaves and planks of wood ever could .
resin combined with lime plaster creates a strong inflexible bond that is perfect for attaching two unrelated objects together .
the waiting period is quite long but tekatans do n't mind .
it allows them to mount jewels to copper bracelets and secure joints in wooden construction .
tepoztopilli**-esque weapons the characteristic obsidian blades of the tekatans are mounted in a hardy wooden shell .
the blades can be stouter and used for hacking through dense jungle without the fear of splitting thanks to the newly discovered glue .
by putting the copper jewellery in kilns one found that the metal would become more ductile and far easier to work with .
i recently started a new account to play on a different server with a friend and on my new character i 'm trying to do the life in erinn beginner quest but when i gather an egg it does n't count for the quest requirement .
i just do n't want the quest stuck in my list forever .
if or when facebook decided to make something of ethereum the implications could be huge !
facebook could offer a kind of identity for people all over the world .
here 's a link you can also google for an hi res cover .
hey so my gamingpc that i built in 2013 is in need of an upgrade mainly the video card and the motherboard .
my budget is around 700 and i 'm going to purchase the parts from/in norway
my current build looks like this but my videocard is dying i think .
i also want to get a nvidia videocard instead of an amd that i 'm currently using .
the motherboard needs to have a good bios for overclocking since i want to try overclock .
pcpartpicker part list http pcpartpicker.com/p/czxmjx price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/p/czxmjx/by_merchant
look at a panda pandas could hardly qualify for fittest '' yet they are surviving well because they are favored by humans .
now look at the passenger pigeon once considered ubiquitous and numbered in the millions dominated america were still wiped out eventually despite them being fit '' for their environment .
there are many other such examples but nature seems to me like its primarily luck-based .
sure species can improve their odds but whose to know that today 's lucky ones are tomorrow 's unfortunate fodder ?
i personally think its funny that probably eight or nine out of ten people i see running a faze tag finish in the bottom three positions of their team .
i get wanting to emulate one of the best teams but why run the tag of a team you are n't on ?
anyone who runs the faze tag care to explain why ?
get negative karma by posting spam in all caps !
i think that h2k playstyle heavily unfavors agression and fights so i think that vander can be stable but celling is kinda low .
okay can you at least concede that people have different definitions ?
i do n't know where you get that the dictionary definition of something is obscure '' .
as i find myself saying again and again to you there is often more than one definition for words .
it 's certainly reasonable and happens often that some definitions are more widely used than others .
1. a large container for liquids with a narrow mouth and typically a stopper or cap .
3. stew or boil a hare or rabbit in a covered container .
i 'm not sure where you live but do you use/hear all these definitions equally ?
i know the canadian dollar is pretty weak right now too but maybe general releases and non collaborations would make there way to canada .
best luck is to source around online for the shoes you like and see where they are releasing and if they do n't explicitly state ask .
you have ugin and pyroclasm is much better since it hits earlier .
i do n't expect you to have gotten to t3 against infect and being 3 mana means it 's much easier to pump around .
you run karn and oblivion stone wipe their board and start eating things that can kill you and they 're locked out of the game .
additionally affinity is so fast the extra turn for the mana is a huge deal .
i firmly believe that k return is not tron 's solution to any deck in the format .
i have a roth and a regular brokerage account with them .
trade offers almost every single possible mutual fund family or brand if you will out there .
they also have plenty of mutual funds with zero load and transaction fees that average over 10 per year since inception .
the first episode seemed a bit stilted for me but.me and a friend stuck.it out then had to figure out how to watch season two .
king 2 food send me your email and i 'll send whatever pics you need
arjuna is pretty basic just an aoe atk but it has a small chance for instakill which is if i remember correctly the only aoe instakill np we have .
which is pretty epic if you get that instakill to actually work lol but against unreliable so its really just an aoe atk with a def debuff which isnt really anything new in that regards .
gil 's enuma elish is really just disappointing compared with tesla 's or arjuna 's .
i respect your opinion but i do n't think it 's really relevant here .
i like both games/franchises separately because they play very differently .
i 'd love to see the rest of you baby .
use a mount using a mount increases the max to 180 which should be good enough but i dont think you will be able to use skills .
by this will of god we have been sanctified through the offering of the body of jesus christ once and for all . ''
christ has already saved us cleansed us and sanctified us .
at this point is it really possible to spoil the sixth sense ?
just ... buy something near you and check out the goods ?
i downloaded the v2 validator and on steam 1 file fails and i found this .
system.io.filenotfoundexception could not find file 'c program files x86 steam\steamapps\common\victoria 2\mod\hpm\common\graphicalculturetype.txt ' .
i put that graphic cultures in hpm same result .
no i informally told my faculty in jan 2012 so i did not have accommodations .
i had no idea the disability office existed at that time and if i had i would have had accommodations starting in 2012 .
unfortunately i had to discover the disability office myself october 2013 .
they immediately formed my accommodations and sent them to faculty .
should reach 227 in the next 12 hours i expect .
if you need to honour a family member who had a yoonek spelling before yoonek spellings were 'cool ' there are worse places to put it than the middle .
is n't it kind of risky to take weed out of there though ?
from what people told when i visited it seemed like the cops had a pretty close eye on the place and were generally unsympathetic once you got back into the regular city .
all stuff that could have been fixed in sf to become more competitive
they are n't a bank more of a digital western union .
some sort of wood d 3w ... 5i-9i a wedge putter
they used to have bowling pins set up instead of a catcher and if it knocked them all down it was in the zone that 's why its called a strike if you miss
it would 've been stupid even if they were losing 3-0 but the way the match was going it did n't look good for them and since then the narrative for many has been we lost in the tribunal not in the field '' .
well obviously the agent has to be interested in the genre/target audience of the manuscript .
hopefully they 'll list those interests on their website .
beyond that there were certain genres that the agent i worked for considered oversaturated ya paranormal romance for example .
but i 'm not knowledgeable enough about the current epic fantasy market to say whether that 's the case .
it 's hard to judge your case just based on a comment but if the idea is original and well-written and the agents you 're querying rep the genre you should be on the right track .
oh man definitely the kate spade saturday slip neck tee https i.imgur.com/1lwbeui.jpg .
i 'm a teenager with limited money/no method of buying online except with my parent 's card and when kate spade saturday was being discontinued the tee was the one thing i could reasonably afford with the sale/that i could convince my parents to let me buy .
i got one in black and one in white .
unfortunately the white is not entirely opaque and the neckline is created with a fold in the fabric so there 's an awkward block at the top of the shirt that 's opaque whereas the rest is not sheer enough to look intentional .
sakashima the impostor http gatherer.wizards.com/handlers/image.ashx ? name=sakashima the impostor type=card .jpg g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=sakashima the impostor mc http magiccards.info/query ? q ! sakashima the impostor
they have easily enough stuff to win the game with against skred so they can just leave in all of their removal .
