tony robbins said in an i love marketing '' video episode 253
the biggest and boldest initiatives tony robbins and peter diamandis are working on to make a decision . ''
suffering comes whenever you think about what has happened to you .
you never know when bad things are going to happen so make a decision to live in a beautiful state even when those horrible things happen to you .
right now i 'm in the middle of a custody battle with an ex-wife whose boyfriend abused my youngest 2 years old of three sons and put him in the hospital .
he 's out of the hospital now and he 's safe but there is more that needs to happen .
we are only 7 weeks after the incident and i have a court case tomorrow and there are so many things in life that seem to be falling apart .
i 'm not even going to list them but it 's crazy .
even as i 'm writing this things are falling apart '' .
my decision is to stay in a state of curiosity and a state of giving .
i had a day a few weeks ago that was so bad that it was probably one of my worst .
on that day i decided to randomly drive downtown and buy some food and give it out to along with rain jackets for some of the people asking for food .
we shared smiles and we donated to a larger organization as well on that day and it returned my purpose to me .
but i was never at such a low state where it seemed as if literally nothing mattered .
it shocked me how much the act of giving was personally healing .
i did n't even do it to heal myself .
i just literally did n't know of anything else to do so my eyes opened up .
today is another one of those days except i 'm not in a low place .
i 'm in a crisis '' place but in the midst of that i wanted to share this video with you that focused me back up and helped me to make a few phone calls with different energy and intent than i 've had before .
i have more to say but i 'm excited to hear what other positive situations we can come up with here !
triangle folks i 'm looking for drummers keyboardists bass players and other guitarists who would be interested in jamming on some rock/blues/funk/reggae type stuff .
i 've got about 16 years of guitar experience under my belt band recently disbanded and i 'm looking to get back at it .
i live in ch but commute to raleigh every day so location is flexible .
i posted recently asking for feedback on my website modern yard games https www.modernyardgames.com and i received good feedback and that people in general liked my website .
i have since launched my website last week and launched two different marketing campaigns using google ad words and facebook instagram ads and have received zero sales .
i am really quite upset about this as i have spent a lot of time passion and money to be ready and to not sell a single item hurts .
my plan has always been to start using google adwords and facebook instagram ads to prove that i can sell some of these items collect some data and iron out any kinks and then move on to other forms of marketing such as content marketing and social media and blogs etc .
i also know that i am a bit late in the season for yard games but not so late that i would sell zero items .
my facebook ads i 've tried four versions one of them can be seen here link http imgur.com/a/7igmq have had a reach of 4771 people and a 172 clicks .
one of my facebook ads incorporated a 15 discount code .
my google ad words ad is much simpler and has had 15,000 views and 95 clicks .
i 've spent so much time and effort on this that i hate to give up now but not having a single sale is really hurting .
please explain to me how the above channel is kept alive after all they are doing is replaying other peoples vines .
i was interested in finding out where to get these goods either wholesale or guides on how to prepare these things myself along with expenses .
is doordash still doing the free delivery or 1 delivery for new referred customers ?
tried referring my roommate under my link and he did n't get it only the 7 credit .
is there are reason why you can only move away from seaths boss arena without using the bonfire or homeward ... ?
i 'm running on a budget and am willing to spend upwards of 800 .
could you all review this and make some suggestions or some input ?
first off sorry for any typos or formatting issues i 'm posting this from my phone .
my question is how exactly does the enhanced vision from the warlock invocation i believe it 's called devil 's sight actually work ?
from my understanding it allows me to see into any darkness magical or otherwise around me for a distance of 120 feet as if it was lit by normal light but this does n't effect dimly lit areas .
my friends claim adamantly that to get any benefit from it at all i must be in the darkness personally such as i ca n't see into a dark cave if i 'm standing in the sun looking in and any light at all stops it as in i could n't see past someone holding a torch 50 feet in front of me
so good people of r/dnd how does this ability work ?
side question would a warlock with the invocation eyes of the runekeeper '' be able to read things written in code or thieves cant ' ?
edit http www.sageadvice.eu/2015/11/18/devils-sight-vision this is the post by jeremy crawford that i believe got him to see the power working as such as he uses it as his main argument but i only see it as a flavorful thing not a light cancels out the ability post .
thanks to u/coldermoss for finding the link to the tweet before me .
i 'm looking to downsize and digitize my paperwork .
i 'm wondering how long i have to keep it .
initially i thought 7 years but after researching that is only one files a claim for worthless securities or bad debt reduction .
so i 'm guessing it is 3 years but the 'or 2 years from the date you paid the tax ' is what is jamming me up .
i 'm on an irs payment plan for tax year 2012 .
should i be keeping my 2012 taxes since technically i have n't finished paying the taxes ?
the one dollar include activations all the times that you may have some problem for any reason i can whit all your concerns .
please remember only payments for paypal or steam wallet .
you can see the reviews of people that i activate the game here http antidenuvo.com/profile.php ? id=76561198053046224
if you want play multiplayer and campain in family share is 8 one pay and you allways have acces
i 'll hate them until they provide some explanation/lore as to why pokemon developed them .
i love mega evolution/primal reversion because of the history they developed with them .
they also brought cool looking new forms and much needed power ups/stat boosts .
long shot but does anyone have a soft copy of any version of newton 's telecom dictionary ?
i dont imagine rose would just bubble a member of her team .
she wasnt cracked or she would have just healed her and bubbles stop you from reforming so why exactly was bismuth in a bubble .
when playing battle royale sometimes i will be matched with low skill tier players .
the problem is not that they are low skill tiers as i could try to carry them .
the problem is that they also do n't understand they are the one who are causing us to lose and start question pinging me .
barrel shows signs of wear and zoom/focus grips show some discoloration .
the hood has a fair amount of scratches and does not mount as easily as a new hood would .
this is definitely a used lens though so please look at the photos carefully .
i 'm also selling a sigma mc-11 ef to e mount that works quite well with this lens .
price is for payment via paypal and includes ups ground shipping to the us contiguous 48 .
shipping outside of that can be quoted if desired .
i 'll accept returns for a full refund less shipping costs provided that you contact me within 7 days of delivery and you feel that the item is not as described .
i 'm not operating a rental service but i want you to be happy with your purchase .
i mean does this 2 times the same amount the day after to achieve the same effects '' is for everything ?
if i eat 50ug am i going to need 400ug to hit me like 200ug tomorrow ?
also if i 'm using 50ug today do i need to wait the same time for tolerance to go down as if i were using 400ug ?
so i 'm in the process of currently scouting for a prowler based on looks i 've been trying to get one looking like named after my first ever pet cat that recently passed away however this is making one that comes with good moves/skills nearly impossible .
so later today i 'm thinking of switching to scouting for abilities either fighting or assisting .
in the end i suppose the abilities on both would be nearly the same piercing rangs emergency exit big rangs then some other moves .
i 've heard assisting builds gauge faster which could be good for using other abilities but if fighting does a lot more damage i suppose that would be more helpful in the end .
a report has field y. i need to include elements from field y that contain the text 'abc ' .
i can do this by creating a filter that searches for these values and contains all of these keywords 'abc ' .
but if my data gets refreshed and new elements are added which have 'abc ' in them how does my filter get updated automatically ?
can i write some code in the query explorer to achieve this ?
i would love to see a new block implemented that will act like a redstone comparator except in the opposite way .
this block when placed next to something that can hold items i.e .
this could be useful in redstone contraptions that want to send items a long distance with droppers .
when the item passes into it the new block would emit a signal passing it into the next dropper and so forth .
it kind of bothers me that no one ever gets on that it 's a small world '' boat .
they get on screamin so why no small world ? ? ? ? ?
it 's almost as irritating as when they send empty ride vehicles thru in real life ! ! !
so i literally only glimpsed this guy in the bank for a like 4 seconds max but he had on what looked like a pure black backpack with like a tail coming out of it .
i 've tried looking up what the hell he was wearing cause i 'd love to try and get one in the far future but i ca n't find anything on the google so i thought i 'd consult here ... .
i know the description may be off a little because i only saw it briefly but hopefully some of you runescape gods know ...
the player 's name was glorious for anyone that 's interested i managed to look him up before he teleported away and he has a pretty impressive account o
he has super intelligence remote wide-range clairvoyance and enhanced perceptions that all lend to strategy along with some slow regen .
swarmer the field lieutenant of the team and most popular member among their fans .
he has enhanced physicals and the ability to shoot ricocheting bombs that explode into tar sonic booms or fire .
lovetap the young starlet of madison got famous for her unconventional healing powers .
she can heal people with her punches and kicks .
he gets bigger and stronger over time and boosts the physicals and rage of those around him .
super speed can vibrate his body parts to add oomph to his hits or heal no phasing .
has enhanced strength and durability he builds up a charge from sustaining injuries and then explodes .
i 'm looking around i do n't see any patch notes regarding it .
every article i 've found on cross train strength and running says to do shorter runs anyone do both here ?
i have no idea what i 'm doing and i 'm completely confused i do n't know how this whole fitness thing works other than i want to get better .
i want to make a superstryfe and it looks easy enough but i dont want it to be too loud .
im planning to use foam or gel to dampen the vibrations .
i just upgraded my motherboard and processor and got my computer up and running but my next big upgrade is the video card .
i have been debating if i should upgrade my card now or later .
i have a gtx 760 right now and i get dips in any intensive game these days .
i know the best bet is the 1080 of course but i do n't know if it 's worth upgrading to the 1080 at this time .
the card is very expensive and i do n't know if i can justify buying a card that expensive .
i do n't want to have to upgrade my pc anytime soon though so going the 1080 would probably be my best bet .
i know in a year or two the 1080 will probably be a lot cheaper or even on black friday there may be a few good deals on the 1080 but if i already have the 1070 would it even be worth it at that point ?
i do n't plan on gaming in 1080p or above anytime soon but black friday 's right around the corner and i do n't know if there 's going to be any good deals on monitors .
tl dr should i just save the cash and buy the 1070 or should i go for the 1080 even with the big price tag ?
i believe the new update includes him ... .need some leads if anyone has any .
i 'm taking mac 2311 in the fall and they have n't stated what kind of books are needed but there are books for other classes that i can purchase .
if i order my other textbooks now would i be able to still use to uf deferment plan for my mac book ?
i would like to know if there is a tweak or something in ifile that i delete to delete my whole camera role .
i have to many pics to delete 1 by 1 .
hi guys im selling a good steam acc csgo inv worth 500 dota2 inv worth 60 reg date 2011 2300 hrs csgo ranked global acc has 47 games
so i 'm watching vinny of vinesauce play lsd dream emulator and at least 3 times in a row he sees grey man almost immediately starting in the carnival then in the place that looks more like an underground area with all the pipes through the ceilings then in the violence district
with offensive characters or healers the medals make it obvious .
i feel like i 'm playing well but there is no way to know .
how can you tell if you 're a good '' tank ?
it seems like the spawn times have decreased and the spawn locations have increased .
instead of only being available in one spot at a time in all of northrend it appears to be up in one of the designated spawn points same as before per each zone at any given time .
had a friend tell me they were battling one in howling fjord the exact same time i was catching one in grizzly hills .
we then proceeded to find roughly 8 or so more within the next 45 minutes .
they spawn in at around level 20 along with two other pets to fight so be prepared with battle pets that can handle that .
they also have a move where they kill themselves .
if that happens then that sucks but just check the other spawn locations in that zone .
might have to give it a few to spawn again if it 's not back up immediately at any of the locations in that zone three locations per zone but it seems like it always does respawn now .
i picked the game up when it came out on the vita day one .
but i never made it through more than 3 dungeons or so before moving on to other games .
with all the persona 5 hype lately i decided i wanted to give it a real shot and man i 'm sad i did n't do this sooner .
i ended up getting the golden/true ending and loved every second of it .
i was tearing up when yu was saying goodbye in the spring .
i maxed everyone in my party ayumi the nurse dojima and marie .
got nanako to level 7 the fox to level 6 naoki to level 8 and hisano to level 5 .
all my party members got their final level personas and i chose rise as my girlfriend in game .
loved that last dungeon and boss fight so much .
i had already beaten dancing all night before this and loved that too .
i 'm so sad to be leaving those characters behind .
i ca n't remember the last time i got so emotionally invested in so many great characters in one game .
now i just need to watch the anime then i 'm going to try to beat persona 3 before 5 comes out .
just want to make sure since i will be traveling all around the continent and would like to watch the movie
it 's pretty clean has all recall 's done .
only problem is the brake peddle seemed spongy and i think it could use tires .
how can i see if nvidia geforce gt 8800 support my motherboard which is nf520t-c35 with nforce 520 chipset id someone know tellme pls
hello there ever since the freljord queen fight mini game mode i 've had this idea sorry if this was mentioned by someone else already but here it is .
let 's say we have 11 factions if that 's what you call them you get to pick 1 faction that you support can not be changed and for each faction you get an emblem on your profile to show what faction you represent .
so onto the game mode you could play on 2 maps either summoner 's rift or howling abyss .
you get matched with players from your own faction and you can only pick champions that belong to it .
the different rosters give each faction distinctive strengths and weaknesses — for example demacia has a strong all-in while piltover has ranged poke .
with this game mode players are encouraged to collaborate on faction strategies that make the best use of their rosters and exploit weaknesses in their opponents ' .
the rosters also give each faction their own kind of vibe .
for example the spooky vibe from the shadow isles or the steampunk look from piltover .
as for the wins with each win you contribute points to your faction and after a certain amount of time the faction with the highest amount of points gets a summoner icon and profile border or a ward skin .
i know there could be some issues with some factions considering they have a really small amount of champions but that could be worked around .
feel free to comment below about any ideas that add up to this one .
in its current state its more like hit-reg duels .
i mean the ak first shot seems to hit less than a strafing ak spray srsly valve .
ive been playing destiny a lot and was hanging with my friend this past weekend .
we had a number of beverages perhaps one too many and i was a bit sleep deprived .
when i fell asleep and had become a bit too incapacitated if you know what i mean i kept making destiny references to my friend who does n't even know what destiny is .
he tried to tell me he had no idea what i was talking about and later when i came to would explain to me i kept yelling watch for the skip grenades !
we had a good laugh about it but i guess sleep deprivation a lot of destiny and too many road sodas will triggers some destiny ptsd .
i got some tickets for the juve game on sunday i just read that the opening ceremony will be held the day before is this true ?
i thought they would have the ceremony leading up to the game ?
i just want to know from which this sc is from .
course summary there are two blessed books both highly recommended .
both of these books have been highly recommended by the great scholars of islām .
shaikh muḥammad bin ṣāliḥ al-ʿuthaymīn رحمه الله تعالى praised and recommended both of these books in his book kitāb al-ʿilm kitāb al-ʿilm page 93 .
both of these books were also praised and recommended by shaikh bakr abū zayd in his book ḥilyat ṭālib al-ʿilm ḥilyat ṭālib al-ʿilm page 63 and by shaikh ṣāliḥ al-fawzān in muntaqā min fatāwā muntaqā min fatāwā pages 46 and 47 .
this is an abridged book its aḥādīth are narrated in aṣ-ṣaḥīḥayn so their authenticity does not need to be researched. kitāb al-ʿilm page 93
memorize that which is easy for you from the authentic sunnah of rasūlullāh ﷺ and from that i recommend memorizing the book ʿumdat-ul-aḥkām. fatāwā shaikh ibn al-ʿuthaymīn kitāb-ul-ʿilm page 119 question 17
as the title says im a pleb stuck at 80 .
im trying to use baretta vero bella lumi and arnold but it isnt going that well .
the problem might be that my mons arnt tanky enough but i would like some opinions/suggenstions .
so how do you deal with apps using the gtk toolkit ?
qt version breeze theme but the gtk ports both 2.x and 3.x look awful and are unusable for a keyboard person they do n't even indicate a focused button !
for now i 've switched to raleigh the semi-9x theme for the gtk 2.x apps i use and left gtk 3.x as-is but it 's a workaround not a solution .
i am on the lookout for a new monitor and i`ve read that overwatch does not support 21:9 ultrawide however is there anyone playing on a 21:9 monitor ?
have blizz stated a date for the implementation of 21:9 support ?
would have attached a potg '' just to keep my thread mainstream but i`m on my work computer
my girlfriend has beautiful long hair but lately it 's been getting tangled up so much that it 's literally an unbrushable rat 's nest of shit .
she does n't use any product other than shampoo and conditioner yet it 's still impossible to even get a brush through .
we 've both tried and it 's just a web of weirdly interconnected hairs .
we 're at the stage where she 's contemplating getting it cut short and starting over .
the deck seems to not really have a purpose but to grind for a rank up magic that will eventually get sacked for a kaiju .
sometimes i feel as if the deck plusses for no reason but overall looks like a cool archetype if the first summon wasnt stopped .
as loved from the subreddit this deck is can someone enlighten me on the deck a bit further ?
reading other posts about raidrators make me feel like im not fully understanding its win condition or how to play it properly .
is last strix into falcon into the seven sins our only decent play ?
particularly interested in cologne 2014 holos not interested in kato 14s .
ever since i updated to the latest version of the game it acts as if i 'm a new user when i sign in with my google account .
i 've tried deleting and installing again making sure it 's the right login info followed the steps that the official twitter mentioned revoked the app permissions etc .
i decided to see what happens if i continue the character creation again and when i get to the part where it asks for my name it wo n't let me use my username it says it 's not available .
so that must mean my profile still exists right ?
ok guys lets talk about some stuff regarding the differences between ranger and military .
first of all where are the ranger mega zombies ?
i feel like matamorezes should be just as rare as grizzlies so maybe drop them from ranger mega zombies .
second of all i want a ranger counterpart to detonators .
maybe a lock pick that would let you open metal doors ?
it could have like 5 uses and would require you to pick the door for like 30 seconds .
this way you do n't have to blow someone 's base to hell when you are raiding it .
this sort of works with the thief idea of rangers where instead of blowing stuff up all 'murica like you sneak around and pick open doors .
third of all where the hell are ranger night vision goggles ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
we have military we have civilian and drumroll please ... ... no ranger ?
ok so what if the ranger goggles were infrared goggles and would have an effect similar to civilian night vision except all players and animals would light up red .
zombies are dead so they would n't light up seriously nelson i want this give it to me .
and by this point i want to know why there are even ranger magazines in the game .
thanks for listening to me ramble i hope you enjoyed guys .
i know many people hate this episode i just want to point out that the episode is supposed to be a satire on cheesy underdog movies .
been using the self lvling thinner and love it .
however i ca n't get my hands on it atm for a reasonable price .
does anyone know if i can just mix their own retarder into it ?
and if so is there a ratio or just dump the whole thing in and shake weight it ?
in this we have a specialist 9 two fast goal-scoring wingers two creative cms who can help defend and chip with an odd goal and schneiderlin who is n't a specialist dm but is the best we have for this job .
however i have a feeling that rooney will be shoe-horned in at 10 and we 'll go 4231 the bane of existence of both moyes and van gaal .
this will lead to us wasting pogba because he does n't work as well in a midfield two e.g .
the french nt and also wasting one of schneiderlin/herrera because one 'd have to ride the bench and neither are great in midfield 2 anyway as they 're not cdms .
not to mention that rooney has scored only 40 goals in the last 3 seasons is very slow and has a very poor first touch .
the same problem is with mata he 's way too lightweight to play at 10 and way too slow and lacks any defensive output to play at rw .
also while lingard may not be as good a player as mata at the moment at the very least he has pace and very high work-rates so imo he 'd be a better player to come on to replace mkhitaryan .
that starting line-up looks just fantastic and very well balanced .
so a buddy and i completed our first flawless crota run yesterday what a rush ! .
it took us a few attempts but after a few runs and figuring our our rolls within each section we managed it .
during the bridge phase my buddy swung across the gap whilst i climbed the tower to force the ads to despawn allowing the encounter to continue on the other side .
the achievement has n't popped for either of us yet and i ca n't help but wonder if using the cheese somehow registers as a death ?
edit big thanks to u/seg7 for pointing me in the right direction .
seems the trick is to log out of destiny then back in and choose a different character i completed it on my hunter yesterday and only played hunter .
today i logged straight in with my warlock and it dropped .
the crack is fairly large now located right in front of the sink .
could fit a nickel in it now seems to be getting worse .
i know they have kits but i do n't want to order them and lowe 's and home depot do n't seem to carry them .
the other parts are just sanding and taping off areas i did body work on cars for about 3 years so that should n't be a problem .
plan on using clamps to squeeze the two pieces back together .
just like all of you i assume i backed the game at kickstarter while playing rebel galaxy and was wanting more .
i played maybe all of 20 mins because it was n't at a point i could enjoy it and since there was no hotas support i was fumbling with the controller .
yesterday i saw the email with the beta announcement and that was pretty surprising as most games in alpha that i play/played are still in alpha .
and yet here is everspace breaking through the gates .
finally got used to the controller thanks to other space fighting games like eve valkyrie .
even though i lose my gear upon death i am still able to jump back in with my upgraded ship and rip through the sectors ... that is ... until an enemy warship jumps in right behind me !
every time i find a front shield mod it 's like finding gold !
now for the vr even though there is no hud yet and no menus i 'm fine with that .
i must have missed the whole thing about vr support because surprise surprise when i accidentally hit o and saw my screen go wonky followed by a google search .
i just flew around the zone and shot anything that moved .
it was fun to toy around with for a bit but for now the true game experience is had outside of vr .
i ca n't wait for story implementation and the other 2 ships .
i 've been recommending this to several of my friends who like rebel galaxy and were looking for more as well .
i 'm one of four lead generators at a medium sized company .
just had our monthly sales meeting today and the sales reps are only half way to their year end sales goal .
they talked about working larger accounts and to give them priority etc..
i have been giving out leads that are barely above our minimal qualified account .
our compensation structure for lead generators is 10 per lead and 20 if the lead was found by yourself and not already in the crm .
i recently found a shit load of leads with no existing services and i have been working them for the past month .
i doubled my commissions and i 'm pretty happy but i can feel the hate from my sales team .
my sales manager said i should be working the leads in my pipeline .
i probably should be but this silver mine i found is doubling my commission soooo i wo n't until i 'm done milking it .
how can i address this to her that because of the commission structure i 'm going to choose the more valuable leads for me over the more valuable leads for the sales reps ?
i 've been on a huge lose streak recently mainly because of bad team comps .
my top would pick a carry champion and then lose lane and feed like hell while i can usually get pretty fed every game .
i really cant split because the fed enemy top laner will hard engage on the rest of my team and grouping does n't work either .
or are games like that just supposed to be unwinnable ?
edit its not always the top that falls behind but just all my lanes in general .
the ones i help constantly get solo 'd or just do stupid stuff ...
i am in an internship and am consistently surprised by just knowing the technology and the likely problems that might pop up will allow me to solve the problem .
in college and in almost every conversation about computer science people said that computer science was only for more intelligent people .
but when i work on issues and features i do n't really think my friend could n't do the work that i do .
it just requires hard work and an ability to get a grasp on large codebases .
exception i am betting the complex algorithms developed by google is insanely difficult but i mean in general cs careers .
the saa has been advancing south-west of darayya since 28/07/2016 .
here is a list of names of the 11 rebels killed from the 28th to today
omar abu anas was the co-founder of daraya 's library he was quoted talking about it in a bbc article a day before he was killed .
truly i swear the library holds a special place in all our hearts .
and every time there 's shelling near the library we pray for it says omar abu anas a former engineering student now helping to defend his home town .
every time he heads for the front line he stocks up with books first .
once there he spends much of his time with a rifle in one hand and a book in the other .
in the heart of the front line i have what i 'd call a mini library .
so i bring a collection of books and i put them there .
so i sit there for six or seven hours reading.
many of his comrades also have their own mini front line libraries he says adding that at just about every defence point which are spaced about 50m apart you will find a collection of borrowed books .
so for example when i have finished reading a book i go up to one of the others on the front line and exchange it for one he has just read .
it 's a great way of exchanging ideas as well as books.
unfortunately for omar his fellow fighters and the people of darayya they may soon have little time for reading .
over the past two weeks syrian government forces and their hezbollah allies have moved into all the farmland around the suburb and even some outlying residential areas .
one man i spoke to predicted that after nearly four long years of siege darayya could fall within days .
for now though omar says the library is helping to strengthen the town 's defences as well as its resolve .
we read how in the past everyone turned their backs on a particular nation yet they still made it .
they help us plan for life once assad is gone .
we can only do that through the books we are reading .
despite what people think of us we are people who have demands and a message to deliver said omar abu anas a 24-year-old former university student turned rebel fighter who frequents the library .
despite your calling me a jihadi i 'm free syrian army and i want to bring down the regime to build a new government to live in a free society.
omar abu anas the 24-year-old fighter said he reads muslim texts to glean lessons on the ethics of war but also anything political he can get his hands on sometimes downloading pdfs onto his smartphone .
there are political things we need to know he said .
there has been a lot of talk today about the oil markets being down and i just want some background knowledge of how all of this stuff works .
the first question i have is about what nymex is and how the index is measured and put together .
i understand the general idea about how its probably a grouping of top oil providers or something of that extent but i am curious about more of the details .
i am also curious about how the oil markets effect other markets such as the stocks .
i can tell that today with the oil markets being down many of the other indices are down as well with nasdaq being one of the few exceptions .
what markets are effected the most by the oil market being down ?
what is the optimal price level for oil in most cases ?
i 'm not really sure how to react at any given time looking at the chances in prices per barrel because i do n't know what a running average is for this stuff a lot of times .
this is n't for anything other than my personal knowledge but please go easy on me as i am still a student learning about the economy !
so rhaegar 's youth is described as a bookish lad with little concern for fighting and jousting and the like .
he always had his nose in books kind of like samwell come to think of it minus the fat part .
but it is mentioned one day after reading a certain book he dedicated himself to training and to fighting .
i 've heard theories that it was the mysterious book that marwyn and pate/jaqen is so interested in about the doom .
the book rhaegar read would probably have to do with some prophecy or the others i 'd guess .
i woke up with a sore throat fever and nasty tonsilitis on saturday morning and decided to go to urgent care .
the doctor was n't able to determine exactly what i had after testing negative for the flu mono and and strep throat so they ruled it to either be a virus or bacterial infection .
they gave me a list of otc products for the former cold-eeze and chloraseptic which i started taking saturday night and prescription of antibiotics cefdinir which i started taking sunday afternoon in case it was an infection .
i 've also been taking am cold medicine since saturday night in case it was a summer cold .
today after waking up i noticed i was spotting dark brown .
i 'm on day 9 of my current pack gildess 1/20 and have n't missed a pill and had a period during my placebo week for my previous pack .
i called urgent care to ask if the antibiotics might be interfering with my birth control but they said it was more likely that i 'd been on it long term .
i 've been on the pill since last november and changed the type of pill i was taking in february .
they also said i might want to consider using other forms of contraceptives with my birth control and that if i missed my next period to take a pregnancy test .
pregnancy ruled out since i have n't had intercourse since 4th of july weekend and had a period afterwards .
i did also look at the list of antibiotics known to affect birth control and cefdinir was n't on them but i was wondering if anyone else had any experiences similar to this and could discern if it was in fact due to the antibiotics themselves the fact that they were sick or if it was because they 'd been taking birth control long term .
and should i use other forms of contraceptives because i 'm spotting right now if i plan on having sex with my boyfriend this weekend when he flies in to visit me ?
this time i 've decided to include my location edit and i 'm happy to send a photo although i 've decided to remove it from this post .
i 'm hoping this will help me find someone who is able and willing to meet in person .
well educated well traveled and well paid for what i do .
i spend my weekdays at the office and my weekends with friends .
i 'm not naturally beautiful but i put a lot of effort into my appearance makeup heels dresses that fit well and accentuate my curves .
most people would probably describe me as cheerful and bubbly .
and i want nothing more than to be owned by a man who calls me a good girl for holding back my tears and stifling my screams while he hurts me .
i do n't want an abuser i want a master .
and very few men here seem to understand the difference .
i 've only had one successful d/s relationship irl and none online .
that incredible moment of shock when you expect a slap across the face and earn a gentle kiss on the forehead instead .
i need someone who has the time and energy to fully sustain an online but in-depth d/s relationship .
love and care for you the way only a good girl can .
i 'm not looking for any dom i 'm looking for the right dom .
the one who will make me feel as though my life has purpose and structure again because i am his .
the one who makes me crave his voice on the other end of the line and his texts telling me how and when to serve him .
the one who brings feverish heat to my cheeks whenever i think about him .
i want to smile during my morning commute while stroking a spot on my sleeve covering a bruise from my master .
if you think we might suit each other feel free to get in touch .
once trust has been built i would like to meet in person .
so please do n't message me unless you 're in dubai or willing to travel .
edit we could potentially meet up somewhere else since i 'm happy to travel too .
this is hard mode fresh run oryx challenge 16 bombs .
ever since then he felt like there was an itch on his back that was always just out of his reach .
it was the feeling that seph had lived with almost his entire life and had become extremely familiar with by now the feeling of having something unknown dangled in front of him that he did n't know about .
his leg bounced restlessly as he sat in winters ' squad room his hands folded on his desk and his eyes closed .
the feeling had been with him for weeks now slowly building up to a fever pitch which he knew would have to be dealt with .
that time had finally come and the man could n't take it anymore .
the first class investigator suddenly was standing up and had his overcoat slung over his shoulder .
he was suddenly walking out the door of his office and out of the branch office entirely .
his feet were suddenly walking at a fast pace and the wind was suddenly cutting against his face .
after a long day at his desk cooped up in the squad room though it felt remarkable .
they would n't live far away since the building itself was property of the ccg .
seph stood at the front and looked up at the multi-story building with a slight smile on his face .
he rang the doorbell like it was an ordinary place and stepped back .
his two quinque cases were being held by their handles in his right hand and his coat was folded and tucked into the crook of the same arm .
he grinned at the door in anticipation almost bouncing with joy .
the italian defense ministry has approved production orders for 2024 .
back in december i posted a tiny little goodbye-ish message on a different account to my sweet lil corn delilah who had managed to get out one night .
she was barely a year old at the time and i was assuming the worst that my curious cat had gotten to her since he 's always watching her tank .
out of the blue i noticed a little pink belly kind of drooping out of the wood paneling .
my boyfriend wiggled her out safely into a shoebox .
the first thing i did was give her water and she drank longer than i think she ever drank in her life .
we set her back up in her old tank she shed beautifully a few days later was immediately pink again and has been perfectly fine ever since .
if anyone out there is missing their lil booper do n't give up hope and always keep an eye out !
she 's about to shed like any second now she 's horribly grey lol .
she 's normally quite pink/white and has reddish eyes .
i 'm sort of timid so i do n't go out of my way to assert how i 'm feeling or what exactly i 'm obsessing about or what i want to say .
i sort of want to tell her i have n't been helped that much and tell her i 'll try to speak my mind more but i 'm too worried she 'll be offended !
i do n't like to contradict therapists because i 'm worried about their feelings or worried they 'll be mad at me or something ... any help ?
less than jake big d and the kids table mustard plug the pomps us and sweet lucy do n't miss it !
airline cancelled my dad 's flight into the relatively close airport last minute and the only flight he could get comes in around a hundred and eighty miles from the house still have like two and a half hours one way fun fun .
only upside other then him being back is i may or may not be able to grab a few of the pink tens from him if i 'm lucky .
hope everyone else 's night is going better than mine
lately my snoring has been waking up my girlfriend .
constantly she moves to the guest bed when i snore like a monster .
during a check-up off base for a different matter the doc looked at my nose and throat and commented you snore do n't you '' ?
i did n't say anything at the time but it just dawned on me ... did that doc see something that can be fixed with surgery ?
question is for the active duty tricare folks can you get seen for a snoring problem and have surgery to fix it up .
i do n't want the woman or any future ladies to bail for snoring in their face .
also any inputs on how to stop snoring is welcome .
oh and i sleep just fine so i do n't believe the snoring is due to sleep apnea .
nor is it due to health issues like being overweight .
here is a link http www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-36938368 to an article discussing the contention over cameron 's resignation honours .
someone please link a picture of this i want to see diablo with 2 halos .
so i am planning on returning to wow just before legion comes out .
probably next week sometime around the 14th when i can get a new computer or build one and i have n't played since the very beginning of wod .
i hated it so much i do n't even remember making it through the first tier of raids other than raid finder so my gear is likely shit .
my biggest reason for leaving was the terrible pvping as that is what i am most keen to in the game .
i do plan on sticking through legion balancing raiding and pvping i really want to progress through heroic and mythic raids for the first time .
can anyone give me some tips on what to do to gear up and make some gold to make sure i 'm not too far behind when launch comes ?
i will only have a couple weeks to get ready and i work m-f 9-5 .
i plan on taking 4-5 days off for launch too .
i have multiple level 100 's i think i have a pally druid lock priest shaman and rogue .
hi everyone i 'm going to be a senior this upcoming year and i 've really been stressing out about college .
what do you guys think my chances are for these colleges ?
also are there any colleges you 'd recommend for me to check out ?
sat 1210 out of 1600 ive been studying for this so it 'll get better .
act 25 probably could raise it to a 27 ... hopefully
i want to go to college in a city because i grew up in the middle of fucking nowhere any recommendations ?
loyola marymount i go to a catholic hs lmu favors that
just got an email that uber reps are coming to my town .
sounds like they mainly want to recruit new drivers but i was wondering if there 's any reason like some free swag to go meet with them if you are already a driver ?
edit uber is already operating in my town and i am already a driver .
i was just asking if they hand out free shit if you go meet with their reps .
someone spray painted graffiti on one of my company vehicles .
we took it to a body shop the we have a good relationship with and they buffed it of in 10 minutes .
it honestly depends for me i play on hard it was greenskins .
somehow i had the entire desert conquered in under 50 turns and after that killing the empire/finishing the dwarves was a joke .
it just depends on how well you start off .
i dont even know anyone in real life closely that has had this happen
the funny thing is you are continuing to give me attention when its obvious i 'm enjoying this exchange and came here for this very reason and you 're the one getting riled up lol .
but i 'll take the tendies and say thank ya !
that means we will win something and every win matters !
just sign up for a 1 unit class from the local juco on a pass/no pass basis .
something like 'how to use the library ' or 'how to use a computer ' .
you might even to just be able to audit '' the class at a reduced cost while still getting an id .
it wo n't work for the ls990 because there has n't been a 6.0 release from sprint .
they decided to do a security update instead of marshmallow .
i 've added you i can check if you go online
why are you unable to articulate a reason that you do n't want to ?
i 'm still waiting for mine to arrive i hope it 's the misprint .
i 've been able to locate about 60-70 percent of the pokémon that i 've tried to track with it .
i will not stand for this type of slander .
wow i have always been a kind of stoney macgyver but i feel dumb seeing this .
all of the time i spent trying to find ways to smoke when i did n't have a piece or paper ...
it depends on which type of socialism you 're employing .
are you arguing for a mixed market leaning more heavily towards socialism or actually pure unadulterated socialism ?
a mixed market is capitalistic in nature allowing for the ownership of goods and private property the use of money to purchase things assign their worth and incentivize actions and ultimately run and fueled by money .
but how it differs from pure raw capitalism is that it is socialistic in its additional mechanisms for redistributing wealth .
given time pure capitalism will end up with one person owning all of the wealth .
socialism on the other hand gives everyone an equal cut .
a mixed market allows a wealth gradient but not one quite as steep as pure capitalism .
how socialistic you make your mixed market determines how steep that wealth gradient is .
socialism '' is really a very very vague word .
all it actually means is populous control of the means of production '' .
the question of private property '' does n't really have a definitive answer across the entire spectrum of socialistic ideals .
so excuse me if i sound like i 'm dodging the question but what does socialism mean to you ?
you can have jobless claims higher and newly created jobs higher .
say the newly created jobs are in niche areas where the newly unemployed can not fit the need so they remain unemployed while new job seekers not necessarily unemployed fill those roles .
years ago looking for a job at a retail store .
keeps saying i am partially disconnected but i 'm only on one table remaining and it 's working fine
he was mean to people online let 's make people forget he exists ! ''
and they do n't realize he just gets more attention when they do shit like this
or you could just stop by the mage after like 20 runs takes like 4 seconds extra
finally somebody on your side is willing to question hillary 's intelligence .
now start questioning her character and youight rejoin the human race .
i thought ep18 was supposed to be twice the lenght ...
episode 18 from zero '' will be running an expanded 25 minutes and 45 seconds !
if not at least she 's very close to being perfect
you should look him up pay him a visit and assault him .
i 've made some of my best friends going into this game being a lonely player .
i want bernie in office as much as the rest of you .
i watched the video failed to see what you describe .
the complaint by the 3 sanders supporters was acknowledged that 3 presumably sanders delegates left early .
a recount was put up to vote overwhelmingly voted down including apparently by many sander 's supporters .
even so hillary won 232 to sander 's 224 3 delegates would not have changed the outcome .
we do n't want to hurt people 's feelings this is reddit after all .
the sooner the orders are submitted the sooner you can start bothering me about posting results .
i used to watch these all the time and did n't figure out until i grew up that they were a christian thing
i 'm think you made a great decision to ignore them and go into nursing because nursing is a very fulfilling and selfless career .
it 's better to go the safer route than to take a huge financial risk and go to a school that deceives its students .
for the record the upcoming xiaomi androidtv mi box will ship with at least 6.0 implementation of androidtv .
honestly this is what i would like to see not because of the people struggling or suffering but more for how different people live their lives .
i think it would be interesting to see how different ca 's start their day get through work and spend their evenings .
i 've always been very interested in how other people live .
plus they probably have a lot of great or horrible stories .
i know i 've got a few and i 've met a handful of guys that had some pretty good one .
in jail where are they supposed to get this excess cotton to use ?
you do n't even seem to realize that a tampon is not the same as a feminine hygiene product .
they are giving her nothing no way to handle her period .
also ancient egyptians did use tampons made from papyrus .
some women do just have to bleed in their clothing .
this is why in poor countries some of them are forced to stay home during their periods or are actually forced to leave their village and stay in a hut .
and as i said cotton does n't just appear from thin air .
even a cotton pad and a menstrual belt would be better than the nothing that i 'm sure they give you .
you can sure try to use wads of toilet paper but that does essentially jack shit unless you 're barely bleeding .
it would be nice if everyone in life had access to a way to handle their period in the way you imagine but it 's just not the case .
maybe if they gave her pants she could have wadded up her shorts and sat in them with no ability to clean them but ... still not hygienic .
this is a source about the history of pads .
https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sanitary_napkin there 's more out there but i was trying to find something besides blog posts and something condensed .
but here is one such blog posting http all-that-is-interesting.com/menstruation-history and a different one http www.3384her.com/2012/12/menstrual-cycles-through-the-ages-a-brief-history-of-your-period that 's from a health group .
2 straight walks and you swing at the first pitch
he 's been terrible this year there is no reason to expect him to not be terrible going forward .
maybe they combated the 3rd party sites because they 're close to a solution ?
love me some deer tick it took me a few listens of this song before i realized it was about gacy .
the line i let my house guests rest in my crawl space '' was what first tipped me off and then closer listening to the rest of the lyrics confirmed it for me .
the opening of the song was used in an episode of eastbound and down was pretty pleasantly surprised when it came on .
jeez they sent down justin grimm and pushed back kyle hendricks for this guy ?
i 'm being scrutinized and judged my entire shift .
what was said what happened and the date the incidents happened .
you probably wo n't need it but in case anyone tries to pull something you have something tangible with which to defend yourself .
if you feel you are being scrutinized and judged for every little thing you do to the point of misery that is workplace bullying and creating a hostile work environment and that is not okay .
also people in hourly retail jobs with any kind of college background seem to be the most hated so remember that the next time your coworkers are giving you a hard time .
nothing 's better than chilling outside with your best friend .
there are so many people on my friends list who probably have n't logged on in years but i remember all of them so i do n't delete them in the hopes they may log on one day .
the friends list is max 'd out nowadays and i have no idea what to do .
took a quick glance through and my only suggestion is to avoid going from neutral to external rotation in the hip in one-legged standing balance postures 2:28 doing so repeatedly over time increases the likelihood of degeneration or tearing of the cartilage labrum in the hip .
better to rest the back foot down between the two asanas and realign .
tbh if it 's about health and safety issues even the chinese are suspect of the chinese .
there 's a very large sign at the hong kong-shenzhen where they explain the limit on how much baby formula you can bring into mainland china since people used to just ship it over and resell it at a huge price hike for being 'foreign ' and 'safe . '
a lot of it is honestly helicopter parenting admittedly .
has to be ron hornaday and sauter at the truck race in kansas .
our special relationship with the eu has allowed the home secretary the potential to impose greater strictures to those usually immensely wealthy employers from the middle east who bring with them their own domestic servants usually of nationalities not in the middle east .
that practice has been deemed slavery given the appalling treatment that is often meted out to those workers by their employers not least having to work incredibly long hours usually for no money .
there have been allegations of physical and sexual abuse and there is an almost invariable practice of the employer stealing the employee 's passport .
i ask we look at the strictures in place by the eu and apply it to those individual employers who through the eu 's council can greatly mire down forced servitude and domestic slavery .
cores do n't only like euls for the movement speed but because of the mana regen and self purge capabilities .
nice burn down the family because of an eyebrow piercing or you could just make the kid take the piercing out and talk like an adult about boundaries
damn wonder why the dog kept attacking instead of bailing .
you 'd expect the flight response to kick in after getting smacked around like that .
you ca n't just build jets it had to be something ireland can build and has access to .
the same technologies which have empowered individuals have also empowered states to some extent .
and they have used these powers to tighten their grip over individuals .
it 's hard to measure whether we are moving in a net ancap direction or not over all .
if i were you i 'd definitely be playing the field before thinking about girlfriending up
here 's where u mention u married a ducking cannibal lmao
if that is really what you think of their match-up spreads then sure they are in the same tier .
i do n't agree that falco and marth beat every character below top 3 but i do n't really want to debate in depth all of falco 's and marth 's match-ups .
tier list discussion is tier list discussion not match-up discussion .
in order for people to come to a consensus on tier lists we would have to agree on how the tier list is defined and on every character 's match-up spreads .
in this case i agree with how you define tier lists just not the match-up spreads .
its a bug but it doesnt really wipe your data away .
you could just buy the dvd 's rip and possibly re-encode them onto a hard drive then use something like kodi '' to make a media center that would play them all .
a hard drive 50 computer that can run kodi 100 and the dvd collection 100 would be almost the same cost of a complete blu-ray collection ...
... or you could just watch them all on netflix in order to not have to switch the discs .
you might want to have some resilient milling effects .
i play avenging druid and hermit druid to fill my graveyard a little bit each turn .
both help you develop mana over the course of the game which is great by itself but because they only mill a little at a time you can refill without getting punked by the second relic or whatever .
hermit druid is especially great because you can tune how much he mills on average by changing your basic land count .
sidenote it 's often a good idea to tell the table immediately that you play a lot of basics so they do n't think you 're going to hermit combo them .
if you do n't want to play any self mill cards another mutually exclusive option is survival of the fittest kozilek or ulamog so you can instant speed shuffle your grave back in instead of losing it completely .
because you have survival it 's also relatively easy to rebuild that position .
i 'm pretty sure the daily reward is n't tied to your local time and instead is just fixed at some time .
what i 'm wondering is what 's going on with all the blanks .
or that one time where he was instrumental in getting britain into joining the first world war a regional conflict we should never have entered .
just checked walgreens on floyd and roselle they only had ree yees in stock one of them
do what i want cdq sounds better than i could have dreamed of .
the governor herself asked for them to be put back because no one requested them to be removed under her orders or law enforcement .
i did n't know that only governor had the ability to remove pokestops .
next time i run for public office one of my platforms will be more pokestops !
i 'm not going to be involved in two wars . ''
they used to back in 98 xp times but since vista it 's been removed
im wondering if a fear of a failed suicide attempt is part of the reason men choose such effectice methods
this artcle appears to come down to the idea that having a personal library a scaled-down version of a public or university library i guess is a good thing .
it 's a 'research tool ' not just a collection of what you 've read or one day hope to read in full .
if only i had the room in my house .
i once knew a librarian whose house really was shelved out like a library .
i would n't want to live there i decided .
street kings keanu reeves as tom ludlow it means you got eyes like apostrophes you dress white talk black and drive jew .
so how am i supposed to know what kind of zipperhead dog-munching dink you are if you do n't ?
next to my house in brisbane there are three gyms last night all three were held by two mystic players with chinese sounding names levels 32 and 35 respectively with a 2400 lapras 2600 lapras 2200 vaporeon 2500 snorlax and 2300 lapras between them .
bruce lee was basically that cna who lifts your fat grandma at the nursing home despite being half her size and does that because she has
a fantastic and purely intuitive understanding of the mechanics needed to use muscles as efficiently as possible for the task at hand .
only instead of moving your gram from hospital bed to hospital bed his job was to move you into the hospital .
y'all let me know when something besides an empty room happens ?
that 's how they can do things like tear your face and genitals off .
mmmh that 's weird it should n't be possible to see the same card twice on the first rendering .
or do you mean in you saw 2 godins as possibilities in the same card ?
that 's possible but i 'm not sure it 's a good idea to avoid this .
personnally i 'd like to be able to see both godin tots and godin motm if both are suited to the squad ... that way i can still decide if it 's worth it to buy the most expensive or not .
i failed because i knew someone out there loves me and wants to help me .
you can still change things take something you love doing and make a career out of it .
if you want to talk or need a friend just comment or dm me .
ha never thought about this every single killer in the scream movies did n't need to hide behind a mask !
i have a pentamax awoken lucifer with rainbow latents always up in slot 1 .
there is a neutral god the players do n't yet know about and then bwamo !
thinking up this one must have taken you all your brain power .
i started supporting united because i like its history of determination and responding to adversity with bravery something i aspired to but was not very good at .
sir alex reminded me of my father who was a hard man to please but when he gave you a pat on the back or said good work son '' even when i got in my 20s it felt great i would tear up and i know i deserved it .
united generally attack all the time the crowd at old trafford are among the most real '' not fake innocent and excited by the same stuff you would get excited about as a kid like a nutmeg out of the big teams probably only topped by dortmund .
but if you are knew to the entire sport itself then its best you watch as many of the good teams so that you can learn about the sport .
buy some of the good football books to learn about the diverse history of clubs that were big before and/or now .
after watching for a year or two you will start to get feelings '' for a team and that is your team .
since you are getting into football after you learnt how to form complete sentences remember what it is like to be you right now .
remember what it is like to see something impartially because once you start developing loyalty for a club most people unconsciously lose all their impartiality and only gain fun out of watching your own club play which reduces the fun of the sport .
were united a cricket team would we all be here ?
all the things isis do are against the quran so how is this any different ?
even this thing http heavy.com/news/2016/07/new-isis-islamic-state-daesh-amaq-news-pictures-videos-hand-foot-amputation-thief-quran-sharia-law-islam-raqqa-syria-photo-report based on quran 5:38 http quran.com/5/38 ?
why dont you just go somewhere where nobody will see it ?
well we do n't really know i guess we 'll have to find out in court !
you said people who do n't like the photo are racist and that 's what i 'm pulling you up on not liking the photo .
and 6000 of 243 million does not a majority make .
but evem it did even if you were in the majority of redditors that 's rarely something to be proud of .
reddits population is not public opinion it 's userbase is skewed towards a certain kind of person .
well heavy bomber do n't generally fit the meta atm the b-29 is better though now with its high air spawn .
you can just rush the bases and airfield if downtiered .
if you liked the b-17s you will like it .
thats because it is almost univerally panned as the worst dc branded production .
no offense though i 'm glad you like it .
bsg is easy just show them the first episode '33 ' .
in a great series it was still one of the best .
i was n't completely aware that 's how it worked the automatic disabling .
makes sense why a couple areas in my game have 1/3 the performance of others .
which would be the worst dystopia ea buying activision or activision buying ea ?
i 'm sure you do n't get the signal until level 20 automatron was 15 i think .
good luck getting that far south at level 1 dude !
initially i wanted to keep little info in the message and have everything if saved but i went ahead and added that in !
if your at 80 wins then just grind the prelims
oh wait in v you ca n't just like burn the city quickly for some reason and also people get pissed at you oh no
the combination of banter and quality casting makes the game all the more enjoyable to watch
please do n't tell me it 's that weird guy with the psycho cat .
nah ps4 sure not the one since you can play all games on pc .
it looks like your typical raunchy comedy show but somehow it takes it to the next level and it absolutely hilarious and over the top .
an actually pretty good japanese shooter from the makers of the yakuza series .
team of pat being right for once about how good the game is matt being a stubborn child and woolie exaggerating how stereotypical big bo is .
pat can be subbed for liam if need be since he also likes it .
well jordan has said in a q a two weeks back i think it was that cthugha is being banned for wanderer 100
when you see certain bad levels made in less-than a minute-time you tell yourself it needs a fair amount of courage to test every single possibility for people to get locked somewhere .
i got people caught trapped in letterart i made i do n't consider i should redo it for such few players or nintendo should push the block limit so that i can secure them too ...
getting the chat to send them cords to rare pokemon as they sit on a 6 pokestop stop .
how can anyone compete with that grade a ballshit .
you can put your w on a minion and use the overlapping mechanic to fight .
close your eyes start spinning around for 5 seconds stop visualize what you expect to see when you open your eyes then open your eyes and see if it matches .
in absence of visual cues you will probably loose your orientation quickly and you do n't get visual cues in vr since there 's a display filling your view .
depending on context they may be talking about 20oz things of iced coffee which i 'm not sure is a thing in sweden
well if jpf 's wiki is any indication https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_pyper-ferguson it seems highly unlikely because there 's nothing there a bout him being in season 3 .
in his filmography it does show him shooting for a film with a tba release date and having a recurring role in season 5 of suits so he was probably too busy to be in this season .
do you believe other countries have the right to defend themselves from bad us decisions ?
russia and china probably have enough firepower to succeed in being a big enough threat to stop an invasion .
the rest of the world is kind of only in existence because the us populace does n't really care too much about them or likes them .
how is the joke on me that you are gon na be a virgin forever
i removed the link because of you guys ' warning i found this link on the official forums and it worked just fine for me ...
you look like the type of person to like jacob sartorious
they can say it in shows after the watershed hour with disclaimers before the show but that 's shows not commercials .
considering the general consensus seems to be that it 's ok for adventures to have one third as many cards in them as full set expansions because cards in adventures are more well thought out '' than ones in full sets moroes seems to almost debunk that by himself .
i ca n't even imagine what they were thinking with that card .
it would be unplayable even in a normal meta where every other game is not against a warrior .
this shit is very nearly a strictly worse imp master which is a card that 's been in the game for over 2 years without ever being in a viable list .
that psu is awful and will damage to the build via frying/damaing your parts with its most likely insanely out of spec ripple and ca n't output its full power .
trying to save money by getting it is ironically probably going to cost you a lot more in the long run .
if you look here http www.corsair.com/en/carbide-series-100r-mid-tower-case under tech specs '' they list the maximum length at 414mm whereas the fury nitro is 307mm http www.sapphiretech.com/productdetial.asp ? pid=b962294e-9dbc-470e-a817-46ec0aa5b14a lang=eng .
you should be fine if you can install the fury in the top slot .
agreed my point is that macd is no doubt laughing all the way to the bank .
there 's 60 million in the uk but no one 's attending the tiddlywinks league .
it 's about popularity of the sport and the numbers shown are an improvement on what was there before .
head to the sf bay in the states there 's indian-chinese restaurants here !
not if you account for the innumerable potholes and cracks at the edge of most edmonton roadways that force you into the main body of the lane to avoid them .
lose that 3 ' and suddenly no one can get around you in the lane .
youtube red comes free of you pay for google play music .
that 's like saying saying the mentally handicapped are meat robots because you can give one a lobotomy and they 'll go around their business for weeks .
and that 's exactly what happens when you cut a chicken 's head '' off you sever only part of the brain while enough remains for it to carry out basic functions .
there are a couple of places i know that accept dash but in the mean time i will stop making bitcoin payments for the reasons you state .
right now using bitcoin feels like propping up a corpse and pretending it 's alive because you can still wave its arms around .
i always get the oh i thought you were asian ? ''
these are usmc combat sets designed by crye precision .
yes the 1400mah fit in the buffer tube just fine i can sell you one 1400mah and one 1200mah if you like .
if i recall correctly the way to go about this is formatting it in osx extended journaled in disk utility with one partition and a guid partition map .
this will give the disk a jhfs format for the drive .
once you get into the windows installer erase the one partition you made and create a new one with the windows installer .
this should allow you to install windows on the new partition you created in the windows installer
big problem with this theory is that the three step but came way before poke vision got popular .
pretty sure the servers could n't handle the distance calculation and was nixed for that reason .
suggested bonus round saitama kick boxing vs superman under a red sun .
the ents had r/trees before there was an actual tree sub .
we got confused for them all the time occasionally still do so they named their sub as a running joke .
it 's nice to see more cereal enthusiasts on the vainglory subreddit .
it usually means you fusion capped out on the stats that the missing unit gives when you fuse it .
for example 1 durandal gives 1 spd but if your unit is fusion capped on spd then she wo n't show up on the list .
i assume you want many people playing pokemongo none of what i have stated is anything more than an expression of how i choose to play the game .
i have no criticism of your preferred way of playing .
i also have limited play time and for me i 'd rather drive 5km 's to find one new or rare pokemon than stay in one park for 2 hours and gather 20 pidgeys and rattatas and zubats and spearows .
i dont see how this negatively impacts your game .
the concept of an augmented reality game is to play it over the course of years not days or weeks .
this is why you needed 40 million ap to get to level 16 in ingress which took most players way more than a year of very active playing ... and this is why the xp grind gets really hard from level 20 and even harder from level 30 on ... you are n't supposed to power-level '' to the highest possible level ...
i am not trying to power-level at all infact my comment was trying to relay the idea that i usually do not look at xp bars .
i find that once i becaome aware of xp and levels the fun-factor has hit a wall and i debate the time-commitment .
i had n't looked at my xp bar other than casually until i realised i was likely going to be stuck gathering shitty pokemon as i have no ability to track them anymore ingame or out of game .
it 's just not fun anymore and reminds me of the wow 'gather 10 wolf-pelts ' quests .
i 'm an istp so i guess that means i 'm a penny and i have to say i 've never really seen that before .
also i hate to be that guy but under entj are '' is capitalized as are '' and under intp characterized '' is misspelled as cahracterized '' .
i was saying the east asian food was n't good not chicago .
i go for a weekend once or twice a month while i 'm at university friends and i even bought a flat over in gold coast because we enjoy chicago so much
there is a disturbing lack of doctor who on this hood .
the galaxy s4 supports exfat so there 's nothing that should really stop it from working with cards bigger than 64gb .
however if you 're concerned the galaxy s5 is basically the exact same phone with the added waterproofing .
unless you 're planning to use a zerolemon or another big battery which makes the waterproofing irrelevant then it might be worth the difference .
while they 're hostile even homicidal to outsiders after even a quick scan of the wikipedia entry one could not reasonably say that everyone who attempted to visit either got murdered or critically injured ... '' .
i can count on one hand the amount of times i 've been legitimately disconnected from the network when that happens .
more often than not you 're about to get a connection .
so wait out the prompt and then close it once you 've invaded/been summoned
just an fyi requesting refunds are against niantic tos .
it 's the same stuff ppl used to do with prepaid cards .
make a debit purchase and get cash back then dispute the transaction since you ca n't see cash back was made on your transaction history .
get your refund and watch your account get deleted .
having a relationship with someone in the past does n't mean you have a relationship with them in the present .
you 'd think all these liberal whores would understand at least this much considering their sexual promiscuity .
since you need good balance skills to kick start a big bike i 'd guess you 'd start having trouble at the tipsy stage conveniently around the legal limit .
text=help but there is nothing for when arg-1 is help
but when a girl says that the guys all need to get evicted that 's suddenly okay ?
source on bernie debt and selling endorsement to cover said debt ?
this is the msi im-q35 609-9820-010 lga775 motherboard seen below nib for 39.99 14.38 shipping
does the reddit commenter appear over the age of 18 ?
simple '' i can barely stay on a flat wall . .
wattage unfortunately not recorded though it is calculable unlike some other studies and the single coil ecig '' is the ce4 which produces terrible amounts of dry hits '' even at 3.4v on a spinner style battery .
at the same time you have a smaller circle around you that extends 10-15 feet in any direction .
if a pokemom appears within the large circle you will see a rustling grass but will be unable to tell what the pokemon is and wo n't be able to interact with it until it 's in the smaller circle .
that missed amazon sale spot hurts me on a spiritual level
because people hide gems and items in the fountain and being able to sneak into the enemy 's fountain or this sort of thing or to finish off a fleeing hero is completely legitimate .
giving the fountain truestrike is the correct move here .
this is awesome and i think it 's better than a performer !
standard one touch 22 '' speaking while dreaming of a similar setup .
my son is now engaged to another girl and she has little interest in forming the same level of friendship with me
there 's at least two within a 40 minute drive of my house .
eh.. that does n't really sound convincing at all to me .
but i agree with you that there might be some scenarios where a minority chain could be kept alive .
but none of this got any more likely or likely at all just because of etc .
it 's just so completely different that saying the etc fork proves that the same would happen with bitcoin is absurdly misguided .
the symptoms are visible to the naked eye and are discovered any time you 're looking closely at the hair .
it has been said multiple times over the course of the development of the game that everyone would start with the same ship
they used to refer to it as a life pod ''
how many homicides were linked to devotees of gangta rap ?
the dragonite in that ss is 1940 so why are the levels 19-20 ?
a lvl19 dragonite as well as a lvl20 could potentially have 1940 cp .
how do you tell the level of a pokemon then ?
i 'm bout to tell you some crazy shit alright here it goes .
that arc shaped bar that you probably assumed measured cp ... is actually a measure for the pokemon 's level .
you can estimate the level of your pokemon by looking at the dust cost per level up .
each power up is 0.5 levels and dust costs increases every 4 power ups .
1. wild pokemon 's level are always odd integers without any power ups .
2. pokemon 's max level is your trainer level 1.5
it 's uuuh alot of stuff kay but googles a thing wooh .
you could also be covered by the fair trading act .
he lost because 4 million more of us did n't want him .
your voices were n't suppressed there just were n't enough of them .
that was fast thank you again d i love the theme
miley earning 6 mil this year 8 mil next and 12.5ish after that ... with pax and taijuanderful healthy you could argue we wont need average miley for that money..
the bar for mildly interesting things is incredibly low for some people it seems .
last places my ass we still do n't have it in korea .
if it does n't have animal products it 's vegan .
pretty much every 5820k will do somewhere between 4.2ghz-4.5ghz but that will make the temps increase a lot .
shazier just got injured by the title of this thread .
so i 'm currently looking to get some speakers to hook up to my tv and pc in my room and these will mainly be used for music with some gaming and movies thrown in .
right now i 'm planning on getting the jbl lsr 305s and if i want to have both my tv and pc as source inputs at the same time could i use something like the micca origen to easily switch between the two ?
also i do n't plan on adding a sub right away but might like to in the future .
what else would i need to make that work ?
i realize getting a sub to work with passive speakers would be a lot easier so if there are any suggestions on passives that have similar sound quality and price i 'm all ears .
the closest shake shack is 45 mins from me .
if it were any closer i would have a huge problem .
it 's absolutely 100 a scandal and fuck anyone who tries to say it is n't because people do n't like being lied to .
people who realize they 're being manipulated will vote against their interests simply as a fuck you '' .
saying that the email scandal is a contrived fabrication is lying to me .
saying it is n't a big deal is lying to me .
saying that it is n't a giant inky black mark against anyone running for the presidency is absolutely lying to me .
now that that 's out of the way i can look across the aisle at trump and still easily cast my vote for hillary because i will absolutely be voting for the lesser of two evils by a wide wide margin .
when you say noob '' do you mean someone new to heroic ?
my personal definition of noob '' for instance does not include people who assemble a reasonable 5pc sentry build .
perhaps that is changing with the underground dropping more 1.1 1.2 sets .
any small weakness or deviation wo n't be able to withstand the pressure .
imagine if part of the skin of a submarine was made of balloon material instead of steel .
at any depth that balloon material would bulge inwards because the inside pressure is much less than the outside pressure the balloon would eventually break .
same thing except we 're talking about steel rivets etc .
if the inside pressure was increased to be equal to the outside pressure it would n't implode .
however humans do n't do well under very high pressure atmospheres due to changes in chemical reactions under pressure that affect biology .
also if you have n't already search this thread for my various comments made in reply to other users .
the only thing i really need to do at this point with the bike is get the suspension tuned the front feels ok the back though feels like i 'm riding on the rocks when i hit potholes .
a troll build i like to do when im winning is to stack hearts .
they have no way of killijg you with 2-3 hearts .
however i do usually go skadi eblade and hex late game
i needed the lock taken off my meter so my electrician could work on my power .
i was scheduled between the hours of 8 and 5 and no gaurentee they would call me before hand .
really ? its 2016 they do n't have radios cell phones anything to call me and let me know they will be there in an hour or two ?
you could n't narrow it down more than that ?
a few weeks after katrina i was temporararily holled up and and was making my phone calls .
i called credit cars banks work etc and let them know my temporary address included in those calls was entergy .
cut to december and my power is now off i called and they said the had me down for moving .
then they said 6 weeks to turn the power back on .
i had to go to an office and basically beg for them to turn it back on .
any time there are limited choices cable phone entergy ... .the customer service is fucking atrocious .
why the fuck they are n't called to the carpet is beyond me .
at this point pretty much every class in the game has bugs/balancing issues of their own .
black ops is just a cheap tactic to make weak capsuleers stronger !
i 'd say sorry to you for calling you a dick .
what app are you using lol we do not access your contacts at all .
the reason we ask for storage is for auto updating but you can disable that ... gps for your location and the rest idk p
plus the labs do n't make people dig miles and miles under ground in squalid conditions where tunnels collapse and they are just left there to die to get them .
i 'm in asia and this sometimes randomly happens when i update or download apps my itunes account is on the british store .
when i turn on my vpn the apps then download or update without any problem .
you used to be able to buy the reman brembos although the were n't painted from autozone for 100 a piece they 're a little more expensive now and can still find them on rockauto paint them whatever color you want slap a brembo sticker and you have brembos for like 300 .
it 's not a secret just a lot of people do n't know about it .
if your car has a factory brembo option chances are you can buy a reman brembo kit for it at any parts supplier rockauto auto zone oreilly etc ...
people like to talk like woodley wasnt clearly winning the fight before the injury too .
obviously its a freak accident but woodley was doing just fine beforehand
uh i wan na start streaming this month if everything goes alright
since we 're all just throwing numbers at the wall and seeing what sticks i 'll put my hat into the ring .
after taxes overhead keeping the lights on and internet connectivity payroll and various partnerships ... how much do you suppose that 5.4m nets out to ?
being that this is produced by a studio and shipped by a publisher how much of that 5.4m eventually trickles down to the actual game franchise ?
then how much goes into actually investing in a new network architecture for the franchise ?
is it worth the studio 's money and time ?
i do n't have the answers to those questions but i think most often times people are quick to say we need dedicated servers '' without taking into account the scope of the project it would be to do that .
i think you are having a hard time understanding their perspective .
they care about unborn because they think its life and say governments basic job is to protect life .
now being pro life doesnt mean you support funding government programs like free pre-natal care .
to them it is not the job of the government to supply people with everything they need .
the small government perspective comes from being involved with only whats necessary i.e .
i think there is a huge difference between having trouble killing and having bad mobility .
yes pika could dance around opponents but could never finish it .
pikachu is a fast agile and technical soccer player who never scores .
ryu is may not be fast and agile but as soon as he can shoot he scores .
and what wins you the game in the end is goals .
nice edit to put more things its harder for me to respond that way tho .
your last point the one you added after is only explained in latter episodes and at the start he does n't seems like that plus yes you say he is like that because in the last chapter he has said he is like that but why is he like that what reasons make him to be that way ?
if you take into account the first episodes he is stronger than the average human even without training and he has very high social skills why he should have insecurities and fear to fail ?
if he has passed by that why he has not rembembered it ?
it has marked his life ... also why if he cares about the others as shown in the anime does n't have a relationship with anyone ?
is not hard for him to build relationships for him as we have seen so why ?
you are describing subaru 's character as the author wanted and told us us to see him but there is 0 resasons for him to be like that and we have learnt about his flaws '' that appeared magically at some random point without any event triggering it because of the extrem situation in another anime he would be flawless as the 2 first arcs ?
he would end up as broken as he is ?
there is no reason in another show to be like that but the flaws still exist for how you are describing it in other shows he will be the same ... but is pretty hard to develop in a similar way ... what would be his goal ?
his only goal seems to be with emilia because she save him if is not saved what he would have done ?
i ca n't answer any of those questions and ca n't be answered because there is no subaru pre re zero he is the protagonist of this serie he has been built to be the protagonist of this serie and his character only make sense in the context of this series because of that he is not a character nor a human he is the tool that serves as protagonist in re zero and that is a bad-written character a very good tool tho the story is one of the strong points of re zero and a tool like subaru helps amazingly well to develop it
also for inconsitency i was reffereing at the fact that some times his social-skills are amazing and sometimes are awuful sometimes he seems smart sometimes stuid as hell sometimes he seems very powerful and others because plot need it useless .
well while we are at it what chapter was it where tsugumi and marika were teaching singing i ca n't remember the details well there was probably yui with her school speech too somewhere around i was searching for it but did n't find it .
i 'm sorry but i have to laugh at that .
reminds me of when i gave one of my cooks about a pound of mussels that would n't last over thanksgiving break and she left them in her truck .
not sure if she ever got the smell out or she did how she did it .
5 mana 0/7 at the start of your turn set this minion 's attack to 7 .
call pm https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=hearthscan-bot me with up to 7 cardname pm info
thanks anyway you got a hell of lot closer than i did
i do n't care about this game nearly as much as most of you why does the card being common really matter ?
is it just because it will pop up more often in arena ?
sometimes keepa will alert for marketplace sellers that have super low price and crazy high shipping .
sorta sucks but without it i would n't have seen this deal until it was too late .
added can you let me know what pokemons i have ?
what put you back 800k if you do n't mind me asking ?
run grafics on lower setting like i do damn you cheap laptop ! .
a bummer dude i am amazed that they 'd ban you but wo n't ban someone who has admitted to using the ce and that there is evidence of .
it would probably make it look better at small size and stop it form distracting from the text this much .
i assume he just moved my order ahead of any orders he had which is still such a generous display that i consider it amazing .
she just does n't want to be overly doting because well if you say that the implication is that you have to get back to your family .
to be absolutely honest most knowledge i have about private detectives are coming from various mangas and the internet and i have never used them nor know any good ones .
all i know is that they 're fairly costly and do whatever it takes to specify the target .
i once heard that they have various ways to identify the target 's information like releasing roombas in downtown to find out target 's sns account .
the feature is kind of already there with different coloured shy guys and yoshis .
i prefer to shoot it i am also a heroin user .
dck is extremely water soluble dissolves almost instantly and is easy to shoot like heroin use a cotton filter .
i 'd recommend 20 to 30mg no more especially being it 's your first time shooting it .
i recommend laying in bed and being alone no parents around or worries of responsibilities i almost lost my jobngoing in to work fucked up thinking it 'd wear off in time boy was i wrong
do n't over do it either you can black out from it .
i also recommend having a benzo or something to kill the trip before sleep it has long legs like mxe .
not unless he conveniently left out the part where the basket was full of nes games..
boog knows he saw that shit but wo n't say he did .
you do n't need utility to get up to that level .
alt trading is a big enough game to put any new hotness coin up there .
no fundamentals have changed this is pure trader action .
what you 're seeing happen is the establishment of a genre .
and this is why i ca n't take the mbti as seriously as i did in high school .
i believe it 's a mix of a green and white but i could be wrong .
the ping has never worked that was simply a signal that the nearby list was refreshed .
the order was broken for a long time as well .
earlier this week we were out with three people and we all had entirely different nearby lists when we restarted our phones indeed half of the pokémon disappeared .
the tracker is just as useless as it was a week ago .
the only positive thing i can say is that it is getting better .
if the property is n't available to you your landlord should put you in temporary equivalent accommodation at their cost .
i want to believe that 's just how they get delivered .
man ... you ca n't get well curated porn at kfc .
i have family that works in the sales department of haliburton .
high enough that they 're fequently paid to travel internationally to various sites .
the worst one i heard of was from about 40 years ago .
my town is pretty quiet and not much happens here but in the 70s a 16 year old boy abducted a 7 year old and killed him in what seemed to be a satanic ritual .
i mean literally crucified him in his attic on a makeshift cross .
this was ireland in the 1970s so it was absolutely huge news because things like that just do n't happen here .
you get 5 lege once ev n if you do n't draw him .
so sad i missed them when they came to missoula last year .
you have no idea what bad luck is ... 1100 level
they 're even more pointless though you get the downsides of a suv without the benefits .
do your own thing of course but i 'd go for a hatchback or an estate over one of those you 'll get much more features and better performance for your money .
the only real benefit from those crossover cars is more headroom .
so do you answer to messages that are copy and pasted or do you prefer a personalized message ?
it is america 's most seasoned team of first responders ! ''
been waiting for an order for 1.5 weeks now it just doesnt ship ...
i read that the giants have made a late push for him .
but you know that danny tries hard to avoid negative feedback when playing and wants to understand the game and do it right so there 's no backlash like omg arin sux ! ! ! 11 ! 1 ! ''
and between that paying attention to the game and talking random stuff i see him going fuck it '' pretty quickly .
and do n't get me wrong i would like him to play the game and see how it goes but also can see why he would be hesitant to do it in the first palce .
the hotter the liquid shit is the more harmful chemicals produced .
i think between the communication issue and the originally intended tracking issue removal of the tracking maps is a fair ways down the list .
mind you i do n't have an opinion either way regarding the maps and i do n't think they 'll remain stopped for long anyway .
they were just important to have because the tracking did n't work .
the keyboard should be fine if you never turned it on and let it dry for a few days .
ive unfortunately spilled drinks more than once on my mechanicals..
is n't it awesome when foreign characters are total bullshit ?
i had a shirt at one point that read in english do epic shit '' and under it 4 asian characters supposedly saying the same .
showed it to my japanese speaking friend and she laughed like hell .
the first two characters were japanese for big river then a upside down korean character then a chinese character .
tip check the map before take-off to plan you route and use the expanded minimap when flying rather than checking the full map en-route .
i still managed to fly into a flagpole the other night even while following this tip so you know .
coilart have said a spares pack is coming.. but ... ..whheeen !
i feel thi is r/evenwithcontext material because it kind of came out of nowhere as a metaphor ... but then it was a perfectly cromulent metaphor just an unusual one so i 'm not sure .
how is it complacent to ask for help on a subreddit dedicated to the game ?
and what help does your condescension do other than discourage people from asking for help ?
if a person asks for help because they 've tried everything and their only reply is a condescending do it again '' all you 'd be doing is encouraging them to stop playing the game .
i did n't know that when i posted the question and since everyone was helpful and answered id figure id let everyone else know what i found .
not so much going back to who you were but finding something that resonates with the person you are despite whatever changes may be .
it 's mouse keys is build into windows and it 's been given the good by the moderators for ever .
i do n't think the problem is with evolution at all rather that muslims do not believe that humans are evolved from apes .
so to muslims all animals may very well evolve from something else except humans .
there are many scholars believe the evolution theory they just do n't think humans are subjected to it .
i love both rm and yoongi 's parts in cypher pt 3 .
i first thought he was sitting on the other dog 's head .
is there a brand of curcumen supplement you advice to take ?
guy walks into a bookshop and says hey give me the best works of shakespeare twain dickens tolstoy ohenry etc .
he basically just looks at other youtube channels and makes fun of them .
he 's been growing in subscribers very fast recently .
it 's from my favourite one of his videos too so i would suggest watching the whole thing .
nah ... russia does n't care about americans they want donald wins no matter what .
i guess they expect us to have secret infos about what will happen that we will just leak '' when someone asks .
religion played a part in the divisions in northern ireland and it continues to be like this to this day .
but the ira did not fight in the name of any religion .
you 're right but my point is that lewis is n't going to get 91 wins in the 2009 mclaren unless he gets super lucky .
he needs a car that 's at least capable of taking wins on a regular basis .
the curious incident of the dog in the night-time https www.goodreads.com/book/show/1618.the_curious_incident_of_the_dog_in_the_night_time
why the fuck did his skull elongate after he died ?
with the build i 've posted you have sb 5 spike trap and pet f2 as hard cc .
in the end you still do pretty much 33k dps and have more then enough cc .
and why do you bring stuff in that doenst belong here .
its a dps build it doesnt replace the druid support build .
its a build that can replace engi at vg cause it does more dps .
translation ... fast scroll has been disabled for the ios ... apparently it was interfering with the performance causing choppiness with the scrolling so they removed it instead of fixing it
seems like the map that shows where the pokemon was caught has been completely removed now .
before the map place holder was there but the data for it was not there or dummied out temporarily until they fixed it ...
i know for a fact that i am an extremely toxic player i rage i get pissed off i throw a foam ball i have by my desk the stuff a lot of toxic people do .
however i have noticed it is almost impossible for me to get toxic or pissed when i am on voice chat with people .
i am happy that i do n't berate people and call them names and such but i also know that it is not healthy for me to be getting as angry as i do .
i have tried many times to just not get mad but it just does n't seem to work for me .
if you have any tips or advice for me i would love to hear it .
i know it is just a game but telling that to myself just does n't help at all .
type admin and go and look through some of the craft benches
i think the pike and ato chapter there have scholarships they give to brothers who ca n't afford dues but make really good grades .
but what i saw was the car making a last second turn to avoid him
and if the car stopped at the red light like you have to the accident would n't have happened now would it ?
because of the starting inexperience and the very big world you will end up sitting with a calculation that will be exactly how much your earn per hour price of plex game time .
this will be very soul crushing because you will realize you are going to spend atleast 500 hours doing a very booring task .
take my advice pay for the game you enjoy and do n't race to be f2p .
being f2p while enjoying the game takes some experience in both your personal boundaries and a lot of game mechanics .
a lot of players turn eve into a second job maintaining a resource-gathering buisness npc shooting or horrible farm-ville click working and then do n't allow themself real '' gaming time because they keep wanting to make money so they can invest in making slightly more money .
a few hours of passive income can fuel you for an entire weekend with pvp or a week
ex making 60 m an hour initial investment 200m .
spending 2b you all got from grinding to make 100m an hour
it really seemed to me that the voiced protagonist limited them though .
for something like mass effect sure it 's not as huge a world as bethesda games but for bethesda games you simply ca n't voice everything and still keep the same amount of content you 'd have in a bethesda game or the amount of quality and choice mass effect has .
a skyrim/oblivion style dialogue list would be very much welcomed .
that just means you need a better router with better wifi though .
10 expert firsts 2 expert 2nds 48 hard firsts so far o
i 'm on a roll with matchups this score match
i totally agree but communicating does n't take much effort .
if they take a decision and explain why maybe people will still be angry about it but at least you can understand their reasons .
here they take unilateral decision in complete opposition with their community and say nothing about it .
sure maybe fix the three footprints bug could take more time than expected but say something about it instead of just removing that key feature and say nothing .
i 'm from germany and here we have driving schools with driving teachers in specialized driving school cars .
so you drive around with your teacher in the car which has pedals on both front seats so that the driving teacher can brake or accelerate if the situation is dangerous .
once i was on the autobahn with him and he asked me whether or not i saw a speed limit sign at the entry .
i did n't see one so he just said 'fire ' .
i stepped on the gas pedal and i went like 170 or so and my friends were all jealous because theirs driving teachers would n't allow them to go that fast d
for me american election is like whoever has the better punchlines wins instead of political matters
try and explain that to all the trolls attacking voa which are actually working on core fixes and not prioritize the content cause the core is in a bad state but they will always come with a copy/paste of stuff that has been either solved already or is still being worked on .
for l4g it 's different since they already using a heavily band-aided source code that is a horror to work in but at least they can keep it running however with a lot of crashes the more people join .
kasey you know there 's a lot of things i 'm willing to believe but ... . fine whatever .
kasey come with me i 'll have to find a way to show you .
it 'd be nice to have someone to chat with .
ystudio solid brass paperweight its a lovely piece of design but i really didnt need it
the movie then the series and soon the next series .
why saturday player did not get any compensate but refunded only with one stupid ticket !
i would watch triathlon so much if they switched up the order of disciplines somehow .
cycling first could be incredibly boring but swimming the last leg could lead to some strange results and cycling last would be interesting although it could just become a very long cycling race ...
i would love for pokemon to replace the protag with a new one .
have ash grow up and depart from the show maybe make cameos in the future to do his own thing '' pass the torch '' to the next mc in line .
i drive this thing 's grandchild and i love it .
i would love to find one of these to restore .
the puns staph before i get put in a mental instituation .
ios app versions have always been 1.x for this game i think ios apps in general have to start with 1.0 .
if you look at the actual version in settings it still says 0.x
that does n't change the fact that u/basicfail 's post is still relevant .
they do not randomly ban random accounts for a random reason .
they banned a specific account because they believed it was macroing .
whether they are right or wrong no-one is saying they 're perfect that 's why they 're launching the macro appeal service in 2017 .
i just wish there were more people to help weath he works like mad to nuke all the bots he can find but one man just is n't enough .
the yellowing is a form of damage so yes yours is more mint '' .
yellowing can be treated so even that is n't completely terrible .
thought that said 19.5 at the top referring to alcohol percentage .
this is going to look awfully inappropriate with a suit but whatever fuck it .
this week i have used a translation by nyogen senzaki rather than r.h. blyth .
i found the latter 's translation to be a little confusing and to use archaic english .
i believe this provides an additional barrier to understanding the koan but below is his translation .
master shuzan held out his bamboo spatula and asked if you
call this a bamboo spatula you give umbrage to the principle
if you call this no bamboo spatula you violate the law
should you call this a bamboo spatula you would give
both to speak out will not do and no word will
even buddha and patriarchs would beg for their lives .
what 's the worst situation you 've attended to ?
this is not true firstly it does n't make sense to hold an investment i do n't agree with holding the etc and further it does n't bode well for the future of ethereum for this to be left unattended .
this is something that needs definitive and strong resolution now in ways that i mentioned in my op .
if we have that firm affirmation then i do n't care to hold etc and can go about my way as it inevitably drifts toward 0 after the current whale of a market manipulator is done with it .
subaru being frozen to death while puck tells him to sleep like my daughter '' ?
maybe not a mercy kill but definitely murdered by puck .
makes the game look god awful not worth it honestly .
potential stupid question would there be any expected benefit of using the anker powercore 20100 https www.anker.com/products/a1371012 over the regular 20100 https www.anker.com/products/a1271011 ?
do i imagine this correctly when i think the 20100 should be charging my oneplus 3 faster than the regular 20100 one but both should work ?
i see people saying yellow quests are enough to get you to 50hm4 ?
or do i have to do some blue quests as well
universal the current wwe world championship design with the raw logo replacing one of the outer wwe logo circles .
wwe womens current plate design however switch it to a black leather rather than white .
wwe tag team the current wwe world championship design with a silver swoosh instead of the red and the raw logo replacing one of the outer wwe logo circles .
wwe cruiserweight the current wwe world championship design with a purple swoosh instead of the red and the raw logo replacing one of the outer wwe logo circles .
wwe united states the current design is fine but could use some modern updating .
in a perfect world i 'd rename this title to the television championship solely so that the color blue can be completely removed from the belt design .
wwe world the current wwe world championship design with a blue swoosh instead of the red and the smackdown logo replacing one of the outer wwe logo circles .
wwe intercontinental the current design works although could use some updating by adding the smackdown logo to a sideplate and maybe incorporating the color blue somewhere .
smackdown womens the current design except replace all the red with blue .
smackdown tag the current wwe world championship design with a silver swoosh instead of the red and the smackdown logo replacing one of the outer wwe logo circles .
you would then have all the title belts on raw with black leather the raw logo and using the color red somewhere .
all the title belts on smackdown would be white leather with the smackdown logo and using the color blue somewhere .
consistency across the individual brands is important in my opinion .
er zijn behoorlijk wat mooie woorden in het nederlands .
de brabbelbox staat vandaag op reditt en vraagt van welk woord krijgt u nou een blij gevoel als u het weer eens kunt gebruiken ? ''
so i play a lot of ranked im currently around 50 which is a nightmare .
1 thing i tried is just having voice on autoactivate for 2 days but noone ever had voice on so far .
it kinda depresses me because being able to speak with yout team would make things 200 easier .
so i think it is a good idea to implement a button for ranked which is communication on only '' or they do it as a standard to activate atleast voice in rankeds so you can listen .
quick question about the lexcorp gear in survival after the 3rd it will be removed and i wo n't be able to complete my set till it comes back around ?
it does n't come in gear packs does it ?
as many may know by now niantic just came out and said something which was for me and seemingly many others the main issue .
now it 's time to take back the one star reviews in hope for more consistent communication now that the point is made .
i want to add fonts from the dafont website but idk if it 's possible .
i believe it 's time for me to upgrade my 2007 mac .
it 's been struggling to open apps freezing a lot and buffers when playing hd videos .
i was wondering if the 2012 models can do all those things successfully ?
i do n't want to buy something too old .
i 'm going to college soon and i want to be as up to date as i can .
i 'd love to do a roleplay or pornswap around the idea of stockholm syndrome .
the idea where i 'm kidnapped and trained punished even but where i fall in love with my captor and realize he or she has my best interests in mind .
i 'd love there to be an element of risk involved .
i could disobey or fail to please you and get punished or i can trust you and get hurt emotionally .
but there is a risk to you too if someone realized who i am i could be taken from you .
so you 'll have to take away my identity and give me a new one .
i 'm new to this subreddit but backed e d somewhere between the alpha and beta phase i think i ca n't remember when it exactly happened got ta have a look at it when i 'm home and played it for some hours but not too much as free time is limited and i never bothered to get into touch with the story behind elite not having played the original .
so when i discovered this sub i found tidbits about the lore of the game and especially the current goal to solve the mystery behind the barnacles ups and emps and these things intrigued me as i think that this offers a little bit of what for me was missing in e d a connection to the universe the lore .
as someone who never played the original i never got that connection because i felt that the missions etc .
were pretty generic and did n't offer much if any information about the history of the universe .
sadly i currently can only use the laptop provided by my employer as i 'm studying abroad and typically many sites related to games etc .
are blocked and inaccessible so my ability to explore the lore behind the game is currently pretty limited .
is there an eli5 version of the lore or could somebody who has the time provide me with a short summary ?
i know about r/canonn but did n't want to post there as it seemed like it 's a place for information and not for asking for information .
as i said you can consider me a total e d lore noob .
i do n't know anything about the empire or the federation how they come to be how they 're related to each other i do n't know anything about the people and factions in powerplay and i also know nothing about the thargoids and the current situation with jaques for example who the hell he is and why he has a moving station apart from those little things i mentioned here but it felt like reading a book from the end to the beginning .
tl dr am a noob regarding the game lore ca n't access any gaming sites an eli5 summary of the lore would be appreciated .
does anyone notice velajuel has been doing santuary a lot more than before ever since the last patch ?
i ca n't compare it accurately as i have just pulled velajuel days ago but i do feel his ai seems smarter now .
anyone can confirm whether his ai is now more reliable ?
every now and then i notice when i shoot my hunting bow that instead of shooting one arrow straight from my character to my cursor my character instead aims up in the sky and fires three arrows that hit the spot my cursor is at from above .
i have n't figured out how to trigger it sometimes it just happens .
p for my first week i got a little request crazy and decided it 's time to offer some cards out .
i do n't have all the money in the world and i 'd rather spend the money i do have on postage .
thus i 've mixed my consumer giddiness and tendency to hoard everything ever to transform some pretty eyeshadow palette boxes vibrant gift bags and other good-looking cardboard into some postcard-shaped things !
it looks like i have four right now three of which are of the makeup variety .
i tend to get quiet and they always ask if i 'm alright .
i 'm a tender-head and do n't like the feeling of anyone doing anything to my head so i 'm usually not in a very chipper mood .
i 'm plenty friendly but do we really need to talk about ourselves ?
i just feel annoying like they are only smiling and listening out of courtesy .
and i do n't particularly care about a strangers personal life .
is it normal to just sit quietly and get my hair cut ?
i found that for some reason the default bind for sneaking was 'ctrl ' instead of 'alt ' on windows .
when trying to change it to alt it set it to be bound to only function if i 'm using both keys at once .
also when re-binding the panning from the middle mouse-button to the side buttons mouse4/5 it says joystick1 or joystick2 even with out a controller plugged in .
when i test it out using said mouse buttons it does nothing .
i have an innokin coolfire iv tc-100 and my isub-v tank broke .
i 'm very new to vaping and was wondering if i must purchase the same isub v or if i can go for something like this http www.myvaporstore.com/uwell-crown-sub-ohm-tank-p/uwc20.htm
i do n't really know if people usually switch out their tanks or stick to manufacturing ones .
if changing tanks is possible and recommended how do i know which ones are compatible with my mod ?
or do most all tanks work the same way ?
note that i am referring to sub-ohm tanks only .
i went for the crown and should be getting it soon .
at the end of episode 4 i remembered that freddy knows how to control almost everything that goes on in the prison .
although the way the guy stares at naz in the ending scene of episode 4 makes it seem like he is scared of freddy i have a strange suspicion that freddy told this guy to burn naz 's arm thus making naz want to need '' freddy 's help .
i wrote my mcat on august 5 and i would really like to know what you think my score will be !
i 'm starting to get super nervous so i 'd just like to know where i stand .
i smile at you as i perfect the knot in my bowtie critically examining myself in the mirror taking a moment to brush some stray lint from the suede elbow patches of my jacket .
adelson going off to moscow to be with that dostoyevsky professor threw everyone 's schedule into a cocked hat .
besides dean fitzpatrick says there 'll be a bonus in it for me come the summer . ''
a 7pm to 10pm friday class is no more fun for professors than for students though a good number of students like it because it frees up one more slot during the week .
and at 10 pm most parties are just getting into full swing and the bars are at just getting ready to consider being rowdy .
you 're not entirely serious i 'm sure but it is very difficult not to call in and cancel the class when you look at me that way ... and when you 're wearing that short little bathrobe that shows off your legs .
i step lightly over to you and take your hands in mine .
well why do n't you have some fun without me ?
i know your friends think i 'm a fuddy duddy ca n't imagine why you 'd marry someone fifteen years older than you . ''
i raise a hand and grin a mischievous gleam in my eye .
why not that frat house down the street ? ''
they 're having a party tonight ... go on out have a good time .
let me know what you 're up to . ''
it 'd pay me back for taking on a friday class . ''
i do n't know ... but i can see the excitement lurking in your eyes the temptation to misbehave even in the smallest way .
but i see girls of all colors there . ''
my heart is going a mile a minute though my face remains perfectly composed .
the thought of you ... playing around on the campus teasing the boys the star athletes then coming home to whisper in my ear about it ... it 's been a private fantasy of mine for a long time .
not that i expect you to go too far .
not that i expect it to become an addiction or anything ...
but what y'all do on r/zen is none of my business .
there is a new bug in the game that changes your pokemon after you just caught it in the wild .
example i randomly plucked from reddit here http imgur.com/a/lc87y a friend of mine actually told me he had the same thing with a voltorb and a slowpoke .
first thoughts were about a ditto easter egg but it seems that alot of people has encountered this bug .
also read something about a 1212 cp caterpie changing in a charizard so yeah .
just wondering now if the caught pokemon can be kept or will be removed .
edit the bug only seems to appear on android phones
i am lusting after this fine peice of czechnology and would love to make this my first transaction with my newly minted c r license but am striking out finding them .
yeah i know they are both supposed to be the same but the fact remains one of them was a copy .
since he can jail naegi to protect him ... or execute him .
i actually have a jailor executing the revealing mayor .
chisa the medium who died the first night and decide to senace with the audience
monaca/miaya the witch control how everyone will function in the game .
live to see the hope lose the game or godfather does not have to be the one that kill and i doubt she is the attacker or disguiser
weedman the jester who reveal himself as mafia so he wo n't get lynched .
re added since i do not know how to add spoiler tag to titles .
male/white/middle class/travels in brazil at least once a year/has traveled to a foreign country only once germany
i get frustrated when i break or misplace tools because they are expensive .
i can only imagine how mad ancient humans got when they lost or broke tools that they had to spend hours making themselves .
the procedure itself went well although they made me wait two hours between the end of my genetic counseling session and the actual amnio itself .
i was starving and thirsty and did n't get to leave the clinic until over four hours after i arrived .
i had to buy a candy bar and two gigantic things of water on my way home-a 45 minute drive btw-because i felt so faint .
anyway the two hour wait was n't even the worst of it .
as part of the amnio they also did an early anatomy scan .
the good news is that the nasal bone was present and fully formed .
the bad news is that while everything else looked great the femurs were slightly short '' at only the 30th percentile .
the head was in the 85-87th i do n't remember if it was 85 or 87 percentile and everything else was above the 50th percentile iirc .
so of course i got dragged into the genetic counselor 's office to talk once again about chromosomal abnormalities .
the counselor-who was a different one than last time and honestly struck me as kind of a twit-even told me that since my fetal bloodwork testing was good my chances of a chromosomal abnormality were extremely low .
then why the fuck are we talking about this shit again lady ? !
why are we talking about an issue when baby 's femurs are only three fucking days behind ?
the genetic counselor did tell me that they were n't worried about dwarfism at this time because the femurs were n't that short and everything else was normal .
there was of course the caveat of well we 'll know more at the 20 week anatomy scan . ''
oh and once again i did not get to talk to a fucking doctor just the twit of a genetic counselor .
a doctor did the amnio but i could tell they were pressed for time and he did n't have my chart so there was no point in asking him about the femur issue as much as i wanted to .
has anyone else experienced a femur length issue similar to this ?
i have obsessively googled this all afternoon and honestly the vast majority of the stories i find are people where the femur length was like in the 5th percentage and below 2-3 weeks behind etc .
i 'm kind of puzzled as to why they would even bring it up as an issue '' since our measurements were for the 30th percentile not the 5th and only 3 days behind .
i feel like we are still well within the range of normal here ?
also although mr. kitteh is 6'5 i am only 5'2 .
i 'm frustrated that no one at any point brought up the possibility that maybe baby is just going to be short like me which is fine !
3 sorry for the ranti-ness and anger in some of this post ... .i 'm just so incredibly frustrated and upset right now .
what the hell do i have to do to have an absolutely normal ultrasound result for once ?
a few things to know before i tell the dream my mom left my dad last year for another man i 'm not happy about it they are now engaged i do n't trust him my mom probably is just starting to succumb to dementia and i work as a landscaper right now .
i 'm at the top of a ski hill and we meaning me and my regular crew are working with a bobcat http www.bobcatrental.ca/sites/default/files/imagecache/large/wysiwyg_imageupload/1/bobcat-s160-skid-steer-rental-homepage.jpg to clear snow .
the bobcat gets stuck in the snow so i 'm in front of it trying to dig it out .
my mom 's fiancé gets into the bobcat and starts trying to get it out and almost runs me over .
he loses control and bails out and the bobcat starts sliding down a ski slope that is all ice .
i go after it to try to bring it back up but it keeps sliding father and father away until it falls off of a cliff .
i finally catch up with it and say to the people there i 've been trying to catch up to this thing all night . ''
my interpretation is that these are my fears played out in my dream .
my mom is the bobcat her fiancé has taken control of her and he will not regard my feelings or well being at all .
he will at some point lose control of her and bail out and i will have to recover '' her .
she will slip farther and farther away and hit rock bottom .
me saying all night '' means to me that it will take a really long time .
if i was working a regular shift and had to work all night that would be really long so irl it will take a really long time for me to recover my mom .
these are all fears that just played out in my dream i do n't think they predict the future .
this is the most vivid and symbolic dream i 've ever had in my life .
earlier in june my friends and i all 17 year old girls went to governor 's ball music festival or at least tried to .
it got cancelled due to weather for the day we went but we had already gotten into the city by the time they told us so we decided to spend the day in the city .
at around 6 or 7 it started to completely downpour and i mean really down pouring .
i do n't think i 've ever seen a storm so bad .
we were also on the high line which is a public park on an old railroad elevated above manhattan .
it was thundering and lightning and my friends and i were sprinting for 5 minutes down this 2-mile park it 's a straight line all the way down for the most part with rain ponchos over our heads .
everyone was trying to find cover and we were running to the train station .
while we were running there was this guy standing like a statue staring over the bridge like he was the only one there and like rain was n't pelting him all over his body .
my friend begged me to go back because it really looked like he was going to jump .
we went back and had to yell over the rain are you okay ? ''
finally he turns around and says i 'm not from here . ''
we talked for a few minutes and it turns out he 's from ukraine and claims he 's just enjoying the view and that he 's perfectly fine .
we thought we should leave him be so we turn around and start running again and not even 5 seconds later i 'm really not kidding when i say 5 seconds my friend and i turned back around to get one last look at him and he 's gone .
this thing is a straight line we saw the strangers that were walking when we were talking to him still in line but he was nowhere to be found .
immediately we thought he jumped but my friend was too scared and knew it would scar us if we checked .
we had to check though i mean how can you go on not knowing ! ?
we still saw all the people in eyesight walking as we talked to the stranger but he was just nowhere to be found .
just looking for a buddy or two to play some coop dank souls 3 with likely get into pvp after the game is done and our builds are set .
thought of duos like creighton and lautrec lautrec and solaire ornstein and smouth artorias and ornstein winged knight and lothric knight .
i know a while back a couple guys on w_s were looking into diy replating and if anyone is still in that game i may have a couple project '' razors to send your way !
if you do have fancy though i would n't say no to it .
u/8_bit_armada i speak on my behalf and hopefully on the behalf of the rest of the r/nomanshigh community .
you 're welcome to visit and contribute to this sub whether or not you toke .
this is a newer friendlier community with an open mind .
whether or not you decide to contribute to this sub or the main sub someday i want to thank you for what you 've done in the past couple of years for the community .
you helped make it prosper along with the other mods so here 's a very big thank you .
i killed 11 graceful followers of armadyl all called kree'arra .
so guys it will be my first time dumpster diving i how do n't what to expect to find out of a drugstore 's garbage .
and i can only go in the blue one because the green/brown one is lock 3 thx !
so i jumped a curb and seem to have put a crack in my oil pan .
i 've never replaced an oil pan before and was curious to know if any of you have experience doing so on a sonic .
after killing a kree'arra it dropped an ancient effigy .
hello i am trying to find a place to be able to get a first time auto loan without having any credit .
i am 19 years old and work at a truck dealership in texas i am getting a good deal on a 2008 ford f150 we got on trade .
i have not started building credit yet so i do n't have any history or credit report .
i have the money to buy the truck outright but do n't want to use almost all of my savings all at once .
i tried getting financed through statefarm but it took them 3 days before they even told me that they had a rule that they could n't finance an employee of a dealership buying a truck from said dealership .
i am just looking to where i can get a 6-7k loan without any credit history and not have a stupid high interest rate .
a lot of us are familiar with the map dd dustbowl https steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails ? id=108093685
the tunnel systems underneath the base on the map 's surface is massive .
players can stock up on exploration supplies on the surface form exploration teams and descend into the dark tunnels below in search of loot .
players can collect said loot either choosing to keep it or to bring it back to the surface to trade in for server money much like the loot system in the gmod dayz servers .
the survival aspect of the dayz servers could also be implemented as well .
couple that with the dark creepy and quiet tunnels and you 'll get an awesome horror aesthetic .
you could also add hazards in the dark depths of the map .
the deeper they go the more hazards they encounter .
could be scattered about becoming more prevalent and more difficult the deeper players go creating higher risk for higher reward .
and to reward vip 's you could allow them to play as a monster in the tunnels a reward for donations .
the vip-controlled monsters could have special powers like turning invisible setting traps or shooting fire .
as you can see i 've thought about this kind of thing for awhile now .
i 'd love to see someone with the proper assets put this idea to action .
i just got mine yesterday and it only seems to give resources very rarely .
i can go for 20 min on a survival and get nothing but get it in the first few minutes of another mission .
if it has been changed has anyone figured out how it works now ?
i had been hearing from a clan member it was nerfed and the volume of people saying they got a bunch of resources without anyone saying anything like them just being lucky led me to believe it had been .
what ranged class has the most instant casts ub theur rotation ?
i do not like cast times and want to play a ranged class with lots if instant casts and mobility .
so i 've been having issues dark souls 3 randomly crashes to desktop stopped working and this only happens on loading screens so like 20-30 min into the game sometimes 1-2 hours .
i can run the game at max with 60 fps and 0 frame drop my system is an overkill to the game but it keeps crashing .
i did try lower lighting to low but that did n't help at all
please help i really like this game and could n't find any fix online
i 'm 17 and i graduated early so i do n't really know how to meet people .
the people i 've been hanging out with i found out they misgendered me behind my back recently one even went as far as to misgender me to get my attention .
automata automaton starting hp/dmg reduced 60 in 1x thanks hustlenflow
sylphy rename blue to staccato lieutenant to patron kullervo to crescendo thanks saltpetertaffy
fixed late builder selection rarely mixing up units/passives thanks flukato and sam93931
fixed amplify magic messiah tooltip with amount and max thanks yare
changed autokick failure to build on wave 1 to autodefeat no kick
added consistent display of all sandbox commands ! debug mode
! passive none '' now removes builder passive ! debug mode
security system upgrade should show final ability statistics https www.reddit.com/r/squadrontowerdefense/comments/4r81qs/squadron_td_v527/d5x3d20 thanks yare
upholder text does not match abilities https www.reddit.com/r/squadrontowerdefense/comments/3wk46f/v56_bug_reports/cy36pgg thanks mentalmp
some towers delay ability reuse saint/celestian https www.reddit.com/r/squadrontowerdefense/comments/3pbtid/bug_report stahrry https www.reddit.com/r/squadrontowerdefense/comments/40bw36/v510_bug_reports/cz66o79 thanks wourn and biomed
diablo hades continually raises imps after 1 enemy killed thanks yare
centurion not actually healed by weldtech/celestian https www.reddit.com/r/squadrontowerdefense/comments/44dxtt/v514_bug_reports/d04vwdx thanks ndjamena
unable to rollback ! restart after wave 31 starts https www.reddit.com/r/squadrontowerdefense/comments/47h2fu/v516_bug_reports/d0d9ans thanks jamato212
damage reduction does not affect shields https www.reddit.com/r/squadrontowerdefense/comments/4hfh7q/squadron_td_v519_and_bug_reports/d2w2jja thanks daringsoul
veto phase 2 rarely skipped https www.reddit.com/r/squadrontowerdefense/comments/47nk4b/draft_mode_concept_pic_inside/d61kl7b thanks all_sham_no_wow and jamato212
victories give a loss in match history https www.reddit.com/r/squadrontowerdefense/comments/4vqvlq/squadron_td_v600/d60qq5l thanks sjspar7an
teams may ban more than 4 units per tier https www.reddit.com/r/squadrontowerdefense/comments/47nk4b/draft_mode_concept_pic_inside/d628oox thanks jamato212
reconstructing sometimes freezes android in lane https www.reddit.com/r/squadrontowerdefense/comments/4vqvlq/squadron_td_v600/d61ml3a thanks dimlhugion
feast lord kaiser may be interrupted https www.reddit.com/r/squadrontowerdefense/comments/4vqvlq/squadron_td_v600/d61p2t8 thanks pabst2456
sc2 fixed ! night not affecting low quality terrain http us.battle.net/sc2/en/forum/topic/20744915153 thanks buhya and korrupt
units leaving divine aura regain full shield effect from resonators https www.reddit.com/r/squadrontowerdefense/comments/4vqvlq/squadron_td_v600/d61k99g thanks yare
this is an automatic summary original http www.desmoinesregister.com/story/money/agriculture/2016/08/01/nearly-1-million-in-arson-reported-on-bakken-pipeline-project/87929054 reduced by 51 .
equipment at three construction sites along the bakken pipeline route in jasper and mahaska counties were damaged after suspected arson over the weekend .
state and local authorities are investigating suspected arson fires in two iowa counties on the bakken pipeline project that reportedly caused nearly 1 million in damage to construction equipment .
quot americans burning american-made equipment which is owned and operated by american companies employing american union workers working on a pipeline owned and operated by an american company for transporting crude oil produced in america for american consumers is a shameful act by a group of people trying to disrupt our country 039 s energy security and independence .
we will not tolerate this kind of activity which is a safety hazard to all concerned . ''
the state fire marshal 039 s office is investigating one fire on the pipeline project in mahaska county and there were two more pipeline construction fires in jasper county that may be related said alex murphy a spokesman for the iowa department of public safety .
the newton daily news said a third fire was reported on the pipeline route in mahaska county about 8.5 miles north of oskaloosa that was believed to have been set early sunday morning .
an estimated 2,000 to 4,000 construction workers are expected to be employed on the iowa segment of the 3.8 billion pipeline which will extend from north dakota 039 s bakken oil fields to patoka ill .
the iowa section cleared its final regulatory hurdle last week when the u.s. army corps of engineers verified the project would comply with federal laws governing the crossing of iowa waterways .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.desmoinesregister.com/story/money/agriculture/2016/08/01/nearly-1-million-in-arson-reported-on-bakken-pipeline-project/87929054 faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 73006 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords pipeline 1 county 2 iowa 3 equipment 4 fire 5
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
so i 've been googling this issue but i ca n't seem to find any clear answers and i 'm hoping someone on here can help .
i dye my hair a deep black regularly with drugstore box dye i know salon is better and i prefer it that way but financially it 's out of the question for me right now so box dye it is .
when i used to go to a salon my stylist friend strongly recommended shampoo conditioner and other products that are safe for dyed hair and designed to help protect the color so i have used those since i started coloring my hair .
but i also have hair that tends to be dry frizzy and tangle-prone .
i used to buy shampoos conditioners to promote healthy moisturized hair but now i use the color-safe products and my hair is back to being dry and frizzy .
i try to use leave-in conditioners and other smoothing products but that seems to mask the problem for styling instead of actually helping my hair .
i 've also read about how you should n't wash your hair every day but i feel like that 's not practical especially if you exercise my roots/scalp area always gets oily and gross and dry shampoo only seems to go so far .
all of this is worse in the summer of course when it 's hot and humid .
is it better to protect my color with color-safe products ?
or do i focus on healthy hair with products that moisturize and repair ?
will my color actually fade faster if i do that ?
fwiw i know a lot of people recommend salon products but i 've always relied on drugstore products .
i just do n't have the budget to spend hundreds of dollars on professional dye treatments and products .
how to spread my villagers on resources how much on food how much on gold ... etc etc
for me it 's been grass easier to get under ball .
since the supreme court tied 4-4 concerning obama 's immigration law by executive order and if hillary is president and puts a democrat leaning judge on the supreme court then she will in effect be able to create laws by executive order which will be backed by the supreme court .
so my husband and i set up some some couples counseling awhile back to discuss his porn and video game ab use my need to be more independent and his depression and my adhd and how that impacts our communication .
we were very excited to do this as we really want to work through these issues .
i was raped a little less than two weeks ago while on a walk .
i am so angry and scared and just overall a huge fucking mess .
i do n't know whether this is even a thing i should bring up in our session tomorrow or whether it will even be helpful since honestly right now i 'm trying my best to just wake up every day and put some clothes on .
my husband has been mostly very supportive but i just do n't know what to expect now .
have any of you dealt with a completely unrelated trauma while also doing marriage counseling and have any advice ?
psalmopeous can be defensive from time to time but are more likely to immediately retreat to their burrows as soon as they are disturbed .
psalmopeous pulcher are less defensive than other psalmopeous species .
urticating hairs psalmopeous pulcher do not possess urticating hair .
psalmopeous are said to be on the more potent side of new world toxicity but they are still not as venomous as old world species .
estimated lifespan 1-5 years for males 10-15 years for females .
this species grows at a decent rate when their care requirements are met .
psalmopeous are always recommended as the bridge to jump into old world species .
they are just as fast and can have a similar temperament at times .
availability not as readily available as other psalmopeous species such as irminia or cambridgei but slings still regularly show up on online seller 's lists .
keep in mind that these ranges are a rough guess and can easily change based on availability and country of origin .
basic care despite being labeled as a tropical species psalmopeous pulcher are a surprisingly hardy tarantula that needs minimal care .
they do very well with warmer temperatures and a moderate level of humidity .
provide them with a cage with plenty of height as well as cork bark and sticks for them to climb up .
keep a full and clean water dish at all times as well as part of the substrate damp to meet any humidity requirements .
i like to generously overfill my water dishes to accomplish this .
feed slings a couple times a week and adults a couple large crickets every week .
the psalmopeous genus is unique in that in almost does n't classify as either a new world or an old world species .
they can move very fast and have stronger venom than most new world species but are still less defensive and venomous as old world species .
this trait makes them the go-to genus for someone wanting to branch out into some species that take a little more experience to care for .
congratulations to u/merridiah for winning the july picture of the month contest with their submission of lucky a c .
please let me know of any mistakes here so that i can fix them !
its like if you quit your job and your boss told you to keep doing your job and not be payed for it anymore .
we are well aware that all over reddit people are questioning donald trump 's ties to nambla .
a lot of people are saying that he has donated money to nambla and that the reason he has not released his tax returns is that they will show tax deductible contributions to it .
now the mods here have seen the comments and take no position on whether or how deep donald trump ties to nambla actually are even though we statements like this all over the place
my sources tell me the new york times is close to breaking the story and you would n't believe what they have found .
i just read that he donated huge sums of money to nambla and that 's why he wo n't release his tax returns .
sure nobody has seen his tax returns so it is absolutely possible that it is true .
but even if true he probably has donated nowhere near the amount that people claim he has .
i mean sure he probably throws a couple of bucks their way from time to time just to keep up appearances .
but to say that he donates large sums to nambla ?
clearly while a lot of very smart people are saying this and we have all been reading this everywhere we still need to hold this sub to a high standard .
tl dr when making a statement about trump 's ties to nambla you can not simply allege it yourself without more .
any user making a future statement in this subreddit about the relationship between trump and nambla now must cite to an external source like a cite to having heard someone saying it or whether you have actually read it somewhere no direct link necessary .
if you have any photos of trump with children that might help make a connection so please share those photos here .
i hit a snag in the main quests and i need a full level before i can continue them but i ca n't find a decent place to level solo as the quick party feature is as good as useless lately .
i tried looking at guides but the suggested quests do n't seem to be there so i was hoping someone would have more experience and know the best place to level in the 50s .
if i click on a r/bestoff or r/depthhub post it 'll bring me to that particular post that is being linked but i have no way going into the subreddit that the post is from .
is there anyway you could add a way to pull up the whole sub like you can when you look at a normal post where there 's a little link underneath the title .
as well as the ability to view a sub 's sidebar without having to click a post in that sub and then pull up the options .
also when are viewing a sidebar and there is a link to another subreddit if you click it it 'll load that sub outside of the baconreader view ... can we get those subs to load in baconreader and not the browser ?
why does every match i have in competitive looks like this ?
is this normal or did i offend the universe somehow ?
i could do 5iv hp or specific low gender ratio for a bit more depending the specifics .
i have this list https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1eqy1cpiykgl90wtbzl_swvoufkks0vsy6fydyf-vl1u/edit ? usp=sharing of breedables .
as i understand it the four class system was a simple ethnic hierarchy as follows
lane may mote each claim that the former subjects of the southern song dynasty constituted the southern chinese while the rest of the mongols 'chinese ' subjects constituted the northern chinese .
however it really makes no sense that the yuan would simply divide the chinese geographically as the four class system was an ethnic hierarchy .
if the yuan 's aim was to portray china as divided a geographical explanation for the terms northern vs. southern chinese would make sense .
from my readings this does n't seem to be the case if anything the yuan seemed to be proud to control a unified china and derived some legitimacy from this .
lastly there would be fews ways to distinguish a han from north china vs a han from south china their location and perhaps spoken dialect are all that come to mind .
so was northern chinese simply a catch-all for khitans jurchens and koreans and southern chinese a catch-all for the han ?
what is considered a good room to spawn in and how often is the map expanded ?
i got on tonight and when i went to place my spawn there was n't really any good place for me either everyone in the immediate area were already huge there was n't any double source rooms and the rooms with double source either had a shit ton of swamps was 80 walls with tunnels or the surface area of the sources would allow a total of 2-3 harvesters .
this is an automatic summary original http www.nytimes.com/2016/08/02/nyregion/suzanne-wright-a-founder-of-autism-speaks-dies-at-69.html ? r=0 reduced by 48 .
photo suzanne wright a co-founder of autism speaks a charity that fights for the autistic and teaches people how to spot and deal with the disorder died on friday at her home in fairfield conn. she was 69.the cause was complications of pancreatic cancer an autism speaks representative said .
ms. wright took on autism as a cause after her grandson christian stopped speaking when he was two and a half years old and soon received a diagnosis of autism .
quot the women of the world got it quot she told cbs .
quot they understood that autism was a global health crisis . ''
she met mr. wright at a dance at the college of the holy cross in worcester mass. where he was a student .
they married in 1967 while mr. wright was studying law at the university of virginia and ms. wright took a job at a local hotel .
she stopped working to care for their children but earned a bachelor 039 s degree in theater from sarah lawrence college in 1998.in addition to her husband she is survived by three daughters maggie catherine and sarah wright a son christopher a sister jayne tobin two brothers james and dennis werner and six grandchildren .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.nytimes.com/2016/08/02/nyregion/suzanne-wright-a-founder-of-autism-speaks-dies-at-69.html ? r=0 faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 73005 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords autism 1 wright 2 speaks 3 ms. 4 how 5
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
to start my setup ill be running is an i5-6500 with a cryorig m9i and a 960 a 1060/1070 in a few months .
aftermarket cpu cooler for noise and looks is why .
to me the phanteks looks a lot nicer and is smaller but has poor airflow .
to combat this id get 3 cryorig xf140 fans 2 intake one exhaust and a fan splitter .
this makes it end up being the more expensive option .
the nano s still looks great but is bigger and has no psu shroud .
however it has a lot better intake area that 'll allow great airflow and comes with 2 gp140 fans i 'd just buy a third matching one for another intake .
i want to catch the 3 at court and franklin around 8:30 pm on weeknights .
according to the nfta route 3 schedule it should pass by between 8:30 and 8:40 .
but when i plug my info into google maps or the nfta trip planner it indicates i should take another route or wait until 9:45 no .
if you ride 3 in the evening does it run past court franklin about 8:30 ?
hey everyone i 'd appreciate a review of my gaming channel https www.youtube.com/c/zanryugaming
my channel is meant to be a general gaming channel however i 'm currently posting mostly runescape content as that 's the easiest content for me to produce right now .
i do various types of videos including guides and random nonsense videos .
i 'd like to branch off to other games at some point when i feel that i 'm ready to do so .
i 'd like your opinions on my channel icon and banner as well as the overall presentation of my videos if possible .
my channel icon is extremely plain as i have n't settled on what i 'd like to use to represent my channel .
my channel banner is plain as well though not as much so .
i figured i should keep it simple for now so as to let my channel be a blank slate for interpretation .
i do multiple styles of videos and eventually want to transition into multiple games so making a highly stylized banner to reflect one game seems like a bad move .
i 'd love to know how i might improve my banner to be of a higher quality and reflect that i run a general gaming channel .
i have a poor microphone and will be unable to get a good one for quite some time .
i 've solved the issue as best i can through audacity and voice meeter but there 's only so much i can do .
i know it affects the quality of my voice lines but it 's something i ca n't really help though i am open to suggestions .
i do n't have a channel trailer yet though i do plan on putting one up eventually .
i 'm unsure of how to accurately depict what my channel is about in a cohesive and entertaining way .
i do n't want it to be too boring or for it to pander for views or subscribers too hard .
currently i only have runescape footage available and if i make a channel trailer i 'd like to be able to use footage from multiple games .
in my guide videos i have small details that are incorrect however they 're annotated over as a temporary solution .
these may be re-uploaded at a later date with corrections to these mistakes .
in my comedy videos i feel that perhaps they 're too random .
the majority of them lack a basic story to engage the viewer and a lot of the funny '' moments are fairly random .
i may need to work on that but i 'd love to know your thoughts on this if possible .
i 'm also concerned about my intro for this style of video .
it 's meant to be a joke about how most gaming channel intros are meant to be cool and awesome backed up by fancy graphics and music with intense beats .
my friends enjoy it but i 'd like to know if it hits its mark with a wider audience .
i 'm happy with the outro at the end of each video that links to a previous video related video and random video .
if you have criticisms to offer on how to improve it or what you 'd do differently i 'm open to suggestions though .
my reviews were harsh and in-depth and i wo n't be offended if yours are the same way .
i genuinely want to know where my channel stands in terms of quality and how i might go about improving it .
if you took the time to read everything thanks .
if you took the time to watch a video or two then even more thanks .
so i 'm looking to buy my first bike and i have been super interested in getting a drz .
i 've looked all around and this one http panamacity.craigslist.org/mcy/5681606573.html is what i went to look at today .
the seller agreed to drop it down to 3650 .
now you ca n't see it in the pictures but it seems to have been dropped since the rear axle sliders i think that 's what they are have gouges in them like gravel took a bite out of them and the new graphics are kind of slapped on there .
i know dropping a drz is n't as bad as other bikes since its built for toughness though .
i have a buddy who 's saying i 'm paying too much .
tl dr am i paying too much for this ?
i 'm looking to improve my speaking/listening skills what are some good casual shows to watch ?
i know there are some cartoons available like spongebob and south park but i ca n't find full episodes .
please note that i live in north america which means that any dvd bought at the store will not have gaeilge dub .
so i wait 14 days at least between each trip .
but lately i 've been working my way up each time .
i 'm hoping to try at least 600ug eventually .
do you guys believe there is any risk in taking such high doses so often ?
and obviously if i were to feel unsure about taking a dose so soon i would n't .
i took 450ug like a week and a half ago and i 'm planning to take 550ug this monday .
i feel ready today but i am making myself wait till then to be sure .
but even two and a half weeks sounds kind of short .
some people say you should only take heroic doses a few times a year .
which it 's not like i 'm planning to take 500ug every month for the rest of the year .
then i am pretty sure i 'll just go back to lower more recreational doses .
if i feel ready to trip again am i ?
i can count the number of times i 've tripped on my fingers .
for more experienced trippers what is your advice with wait time ?
does the needed time change that much for heroic doses ?
i am traveling so the normal format is suspended .
i rode on a train today and it was interesting as i was meditating with music on the train .
i have to work on focusing better in non perfect environments .
i also attended a conference and hopefully made some new connections .
sitting on the train i was thinking about how amazing our technology and ability to build amazing things is .
this conference has a lot of smart people that want to do good .
it makes me feel better about our nations future .
i have a hotel room all to myself tonight .
i am getting lots of stuff done and am enjoying the quiet .
why when i put a ring in my fully healed nose piercing within 24 hours there is a huge bump both on the outside and inside of my nose and it is very painful ?
however when i put a stud style jewelery back into it within 24 hours the bumps are almost gone pus has drained and it feels totally fine again ?
i have tried several different types types of metal but it happens only when i put an actual ring in .
i 'm in the middle of a pacifist route and i just finished fighting flowey .
i ca n't befriend undyne because i did n't pour the water on her head because i wanted to see what would happen if i did n't .
papyrus is at the door saying that i ca n't hang out because of that fact .
i have no clue what to do since i need to have befriended them all .
does anyone know how to befriend undyne in this situation because i do n't want to replay the game .
dallas/fort worth locals meet up group looking for awesome engaging new members to come have some fun with us .
i have an nvidia 760 for a graphics card .
i 've tried using a skybox manipulating the dof and messing with the fog .
my oldest son is looking for metroplex toys r us version and i was wondering if there is anywhere out there that i may be forgetting about looking .
we have hit ebay amazon and the normal sites but i want to make sure that i can at least try to find it for a reasonable price .
we passed on it when it was in tru for a good price now i am regretting it .
i have been drop shipping for 5 months and have made a respectable profit that i put right back into advertising .
however i had a several orders to refund due to the time for delivery .
of course i have the faq and some descriptions have the delivery time but the refunds are never positive .
does anyone know any good place to get grimers or even muk fairly consistently .
so far over the last week i have gotten 1 grimer from kissimmee lake front but have not so much as seen one anywhere else around orlando .
does n't have to be a nest just a place that is pretty consistent .
i 'll give you 2 examples of what i consider to be basic features
pretty much every day i do n't get notifications when i should .
this happens across xbox one xbox app on pc and xbox app on android .
the most commonly affected issue is activity feed notifications which hardly ever work but just recently i 'm sometimes not getting notifications when favourites come online or when i receive a new message .
the whole thing is hit and miss and if i had a phone that was this unreliable with notifications i 'd bin it inside a week .
it often shows out of date info friends doing stuff that they 're no longer doing .
it often shows a party icon next to friends ' names when they 're not in a party .
it often shows a multiplayer icon next to friends ' names when they 're not in a multiplayer game .
here 's a quick video i recorded just now showing the in a party '' issues
only 1 of the 5 friends that are supposedly in a party are actually in one .
i reported this bug multiple times and the first time i reported it was several months ago .
you 've had several years to get this stuff working so why does n't it work ?
so recently my gf and i vowed to amp up our sex life as it has been sliding to the side and becoming boring .
so she 's gone out of her way to come up with all these ideas and bought new lingerie but i also want to bring something to the table .
however she does n't really know what arouses her above and beyond .
so i need ideas to bring to the bed that 's equal to her new lingerie initiative .
the only thing i wo n't do is a man thong .
im trying to find an underwater hyotl city so i can take its furniture but i cant find any .
i try to look on the other hyotl city posts but when i go to them i cant find the city .
my fiance and i are coming to austin for a week and we were wondering what pokemon are everywhere in dt austin .
were staying close to the capital and would like to know what to expect to find .
cant remember too much it is a grainy quality video of 2 guys in a bedroom .
apparently its a hidden camera but it could also be a cellphone vieeo .
i remember it ends with them kneeling on the bed facing each other and jerking off till they both came on each other .
any help would be great i 've been looking for awhile but no luck
nbsp we would like to invite you all to the elite dangerous discord server https discord.gg/0v5hft4eo8gl6oiw where you can find interesting people and wingmates and have fun with our helpful community .
you can also find links to other elite related communities and discord servers in the community_links channel .
nbsp discord has high quality text chat with drag and drop image embedding which people seem to like in the offtopic channels and now that we are partnered we even have high quality voice chat with vip voice servers .
you can run it either in a browser or download an app for windows linux ios or android .
should you wish to join and do n't know much about discord feel free to ask here in the comments there in the chat or pm one of our lovely moderators on discord .
nbsp should you decide to join the server you would land in this text channel .
it will present you with some common sense rules but more importantly will tell you a little bit more about the server player-group system and commands that you can use with botwinder .
do n't be scared of these it 's all relaxed and friendly
if you are a leader of a player-group you can get in touch with us to be given appropriate roles and have one created for your group .
nbsp coordinators can also help you if you are running an event summit or any other meeting .
we have channels roles and external tools set up for this purpose superior vip voice servers and experienced team to help with moderation and able to provide neutral grounds for discussion of any political dispute for example .
nbsp we will be also considering a channel for recruitment posts of these player-groups depending on how popular it would be .
there 's a few ways of thinking about being someone god can really use .
some people like moses think maybe they 're not enough .
some people have the hunger in them to be a champion but need to be directed to what they should achieve in .
and some people go '' would n't it be nice to be clergy so i could serve ? ''
moses was almost sinning maybe he was when he was asking not to be used when god called him .
to say that you have so little to contribute is to say even god ca n't use you .
it feels like being humble and reflexive to a defensive position to say you do n't think you can be used but god can use anyone .
people who have an inner champion mode maybe are in the right mindset but one important thing must be known .
an olympic trainer does the same thing over and over and gets better .
someone training to be used by god can empty themselves in helping others .
then they can be in a reduced capacity than what they were the day before .
the upward walk to holyness and purity might lead our flesh down into difficult tasks old age and pull at our hearts to do even more .
a champion in god 's service might have things get bad real bad .
praise god when it is bad and praise god in the good .
people who think they have to be clergy are missing the big picture .
work your regular job live a frugal life and help the poor more .
if you get good at serving god and even get into the motions make sure you do n't get prideful .
remember the lyrics from the classic hymn '' amish paradise ''
well i know i 'm a million time as humble as thou art ''
you can compare yourself to the person you once were .
before you serve get all the knowledge you can .
proverbs 15:33reverence for the lord is an education in itself .
you must be humble before you can ever receive honors .
proverbs 19:2enthusiasm without knowledge is not good impatience will get you into trouble .
so learn a lot read the bible at least once and do n't stop reading it in the future .
once you have the education be good and loving to everyone around you .
be generous always but make sure you can support yourself also .
be cool in a way by being that person likes being around .
how you do this is tailored to yourself and your knowledge .
be like jesus be good and loving to all .
doing my institute playthrough and so i brought mr. courser with me to mass fusion .
as i was fighting the brotherhood after i got the elevator to the bottom suddenly i got a message to heal my companion and i see that he was somehow dead on the floor i just left from .
somehow i foolishly thought that i 'd actually be able to get off the elevator when i got there and it brought me all the way to the top and i got a message saying that he was returning to the srb .
grumble grumble but at least it 's not hard to get to .
after the mission us done i head back to the srb and ... he 's not there .
so i go back to sanctuary and use that new vault-tec terminal to locate him and rest for 14 hours .
get back to the srb and see the quest marker hovering in the doorway but he is not there .
unfortunately i 'm on ps4 so i can not use console commands or mods to summon him .
i 'm hoping he did n't run to join chase .
some of these might be obvious but hopefully a few come from the perspective of not having direct exposure to mormonism so take these with a grain of salt as well
the lds church relative to the size of its membership is the most powerful religion in america and the amount of control it has over its adherents is terrifying .
mormons make themselves stand out by being unreasonably tidy looking .
for instance the look for men right now is beards and long hair .
their standards of modesty are unreasonable and make them appear amish at times .
the lds church tries to appear to be at least somewhat in sync with american culture but it 's not working .
we all know that they 're 40-50 years behind general american culture .
utah is basically a theodemocracy and the way it 's structured may be unconstitutional .
utah is n't taken seriously by anyone who is n't mormon or from utah this is unfortunate though .
most people do n't seem to buy the mormons are nice '' bs because what they really are is incredibly passive aggressive .
very few non-mormons think that mormonism is a denomination of christianity .
mormons in general tend to have this general creepy vibe like they 're hiding something very disturbing .
when you did your last build did you do a burn in on your cpu ?
i call them burn in 's may also be known as stress testing or breaking in .
im watching the condensed replay of yesterday 's game .
i 'm thinking it 's the strip next to the hinges but i 'm not sure .
i want attempt the battery removal trick because my laptop screen is n't turning on .
my original question was if off-planet farming works i.e .
do crops grow when i 'm not on the farm planet .
however seeing as we need to water the plants at every stage it seemed to me they 'll always be stuck to one growth stage .
so my question is do sprinklers keep the farm watered while i 'm offworld gallivanting and trying to help them space monkeys shine as guards so i can kidnap them to grow my ship ?
let 's take 5min to see funny times on csgo 3
could not see any other topics on this apologies if it already exists .
since the update i have noticed going into the pokemon details for a handful of my pokemon will consistently crash the game .
its only a select few but it means i can not evolve or transfer these pokes .
is this a known issue is anyone else experiencing this too ? if so is there any way to fix it .
my main car is the dom and i frequently get my nose caught on the ground when i front flip .
it happens especially when i click the jump twice rapidly and when it does that my car just randomly flails and rolls around sometimes resulting in a 180 degrees flip .
i have n't plated this game for a while but i came back and decided to try some characters .
i 've played fury warrior ret pally mm hunter and enhancement shaman and all of them are entirely proc based specs with a button that is spammed to generate a resource .
i knows procs are normal in the game but it feels like every spec 100 revolves around them which is really annoying .
so i 'm going to buy saffron olives tempered steel list and was wondering in what order i should get the upgrades to turn it into the glorious thing that is affinity !
i already own a playset of arcbound ravager and master of etherium .
i have slept basically since i got home yesterday .
i do have a tempeh parmesan sandwich in the fridge from amazing place with most amazing sandwiches planet sub ...
sorry it 's a fairly local/regional thing at least .
i need to go find my fucking promethazine but i think it 's downstairs and i 'm not ready for that yet .
unless bf ate it like he ate my chick fil a the other day lolol .
i told him i was going to drink his beer as payback but could n't do it .
well fellow bb owners supporters and newbies the wait is nearly over .
this is very short remind that all those who post comments about 'ridiculous ' 'lack of information ' 'whing ' 'moan ' bb is still a developing company .
to all those who show patience and faith in bb that solid majority i applaud you .
it really only just struck me how much i miss my bb sold it to buy the v2 .
but that endless carve is missing and like a crack addict i need my fix .
trying to keep this short and sweet i 've been renting my current 2 bed terraced home for last 3 year 's and i 'm now leaving the property under the instruction from the landlady that she now wants the property for herself and her family .
the only thing i ca n't understand is throughout the whole 3 year tenancy she has been sending all her mortgage statements and more through to my rental property .
only reason why i know it 's her statements is because i accidentally opened one of her mortgage statement letters as it 's the same bank as i use and quickly realised it was n't one of mine .
now you would think she would just get these re-directed but instead she will ask me on a monthly basis if i can drop the letters off at her house and contacts me directly and not through the estate agents which she is supposed to .
any thoughts why my landlady would not re-direct her mortgage statements ?
r/dmtoolkit is a place where dms and players of all kinds can share the various media they 've collected over the years to help others in the art of becoming a dungeon master .
think of r/dmtoolkit like a repository for a wide variety of different useful blog posts videos and others .
do n't worry if you want to submit something that you 've created either the toolkit is meant for all kinds of content .
to get you all oriented here 's a list of the expected posts we 're going to have here feel free to drop any suggestions below as well
you 'll see some examples of the above already on the sub but feel free to start adding your own to grow the list even further .
in addition to the 'ordinary posts ' we 'll also stage events from time to time to showcase or spotlight specific posts .
finally r/dmtoolkit is n't just a place to post various forms of media and share them we 'd also like this sub to act as a 'book club ' of sorts centred around d d and the things you post !
discussions of sage advice for example how to engage players with the right sort of music the exploits of matt mercer or chris perkins in their respective shows and anything else in between or beyond .
if you have any questions or suggestions please post below .
sorry about the stupid question but i have no idea how to make the 「insert stand name」 thing without copypasting .
i do n't seem to be able to find it on an ascii table but i assumed that 's how you do it .
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
also feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score so people can compare .
i gave my skin to the bot the steam average market price was higher than the minimum and i listed it below the maximum but i ca n't find it in my listings also my wallet is still empty 0 .
i can give proof that i gave the item to the bot .
edit emailed support and they fixed the issue everything is fine now .
for want of a better expression i feel like auriel is a snowball hero from the handful of games i 've played the 10 or so i 've watched on stream and the analysis i 've done on her kit .
the mechanic of gaining hope from damage dealt is inherently very powerful when your team get the upper hand i notice this especially in the early game .
if your team is consistently getting kills or winning fights at objectives you 're pretty much throwing out a full aoe heal on cooldown every 4 seconds which alone is probably the strongest heal in the game without reviewing numbers .
at this point your team has more survivability and it snowballs into an experience lead and you continue to dominate objectives .
at level 10 resurrecting an ally appears only safe if you 've won a team fight thus your advantage continues to snowball .
conversely lose an early objective or team fight and you struggle to keep up .
if your team is losing the fight either from losing heroes too early or by not being able to deal enough damage your healing output is lower and your resurrection ultimate is worthless as you retreat or die .
the other heroic seems more viable for consistency but with regards to overall healing output if you 're losing you heal less .
i do n't know if anyone else has experienced this with auriel on reddit but i did discuss this at length on mfpt chat last night and others were finding the mechanic similar an early advantage snowballs and an early disadvantage seems impossible to overcome with her kit .
most other supports are just dependent on mana and cooldowns for healing except khara 's trait heal mainly .
are you asking op if her so is no longer sexually attracted to her ?
it means we 'd barely find any killera and we 'd have to press ready at least 50 times .
i used to work with one of those female and she was vile and whenever anything negative would make it 's way back to her she would say no i 'm not having any of that i know i 'm a nice person '' .
edit i just remembered that when she would say it she often referred to herself in the third person no i 'm not having any of that i know liv 's a nice person . ''
it looks like your title includes my first which is not allowed on this sub .
we would appreciate it if you would please retitle and resubmit this post .
if you have any questions please message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/food .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/food if you have any questions or concerns .
there needs to be an official small room card in an venue like that with a larger number of battlers in attendance .
now they 'll sell fan tickets to this event but there will be limited number of them and it 'll be for small room battles people can only dream of .
now imagine how high they could sell fan tickets for a small room version of something like
t top vs shotty horroh fucking could n't think of anyone .
lux vs daylyt small room lux and small room daylyt .
4 battles so not a huge drag on time .
and you could potentially get everyone paid if you market it as a premium battle rap event .
you could get a good small camera ppv set up so you could make money off that too .
it seems like they 're going to let the cwc play out some more and probably add some stand outs from that to the roster seeing as it 's pretty thin right now .
i already have namine and not that keen on getting alice either .
a lot of them have abl so the brightness changes depending on the scene .
has one drone that maintains a constant distance from the player basically can only move around a circle and fires toward the cursor .
the player has a rear port that deploys another drone if the first one dies but only one drone can be active at a time .
use right-click to lock a drone into place it will stay in the same position relative to your tank while the guns continue to move .
in practice this allows a solo player to surround an enemy and hit them from multiple sides very useful against tanks that have strong frontal attack but are vulnerable to flanks .
you could have both you and your drone attack by creating a v with your bullets or you could bring a drone behind the player and fire on their front and rear simultaneously .
i do n't really see how it 's any different from when danmachi or konosuba was all over the front page .
when they were airing there were nothing but hestia and megumin threads during the duration of those shows .
it 's a popular show that 's on everyones minds .
i can guarantee that a a good chunk of the people complaining that re zero 's flooding the front page ! ''
had no issues when it was hestia or megumin .
just wait for it to finish airing and it 'll pass .
now all i need to know is how many birthday spankings i have to give you
ok what i was really asking but just beating around the bush about is can i hatch eggs by location spoofing on android ?
my numbers are an infinite subset of whole numbers and they do n't contain two .
if you want another example along the same vein try this
this is a set that also does n't contain the number 2 but it 's still an infinite set of numbers .
does this demonstrate the point i 'm trying to make ?
liking tobacco implies being a smoker in most cases chewing tobacco is n't that common .
my point was that this implication does n't really require an extra translation .
almost all american presidents have operated on the principle that yes dictator x is a piece of shit but as long as he 's our piece of shit i 'm prepared to hold my nose and look away .
this has often bit them/a successor in the arse eventually but it seems short-term expediency trumps morality every time .
with the steam vr test you 'd think it can add the specs its recognized to your profile and add this automatically
yes the custom cooler cards have better cooling and power designs which means your can get better overclock perfomance .
even if you not overclocking the custom cards still have better cooling .
wow thats interesting did n't know that this variant was somewhat rare .
about 9 years ago i was friends with a former coworker that had two kids they must 've been around 5 and 7 respectively .
he did n't have a lot of money so although his kids had toys they did n't have a playstation 3 or anything or course they were pretty young for that too .
at the time i still had my sony trinitron 23 inch that i used to use and an nes with games snes with games and a n64 with games .
i gave them all of it to really enjoy some video games for once as those games gave me immense enjoyment as a child .
seeing this picture reminded me of those systems and although i would love to have them right now i 'd like to think they gave them the enjoyment only a first time playing mario brothers as a child can give .
unfortunately your post has been removed because it does not elaborate further in the text area .
please feel free to re-submit with further elaboration in the text area .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/casualconversation if you have any questions or concerns .
i could fault your real estate agent a bit for not giving you the standard it 's all bs and posturing and worth absolutely nothing until ink is put to paper '' disclaimer and/or for not advising you to write offers with expiration dates if you are time-sensitive but i do n't know the full context of all the conversations that led you to where you are at today .
did your agent ever tell you something contrary to the above ?
if only i had an imagination i know they are a small portion of what will be out there .
i wo n't even see any of those animals .
it 's just that they showed me what was possible .
now i wan na see some space animals myself .
if no one is getting physical looting fighting or threatening anyone it 's pretty much a peaceful protest .
whether or not you 're satisfied with what the law enforcement does or not bears no weight in the matter
there 's a hierarchy of rape and the poster in that thread was kind enough to lay it out for us
absolute worst male on straight male rape because vaginas were meant to be fucked and assholes were n't
next worst christian virgin girls because something of value was stolen from her
not that bad male on gay male rape because if a man has had anal sex in the past and enjoyed it he probably wo n't mind
not worth mentioning but mentioned anyway porn stars and prostitutes because they have 50 cocks going in and out of them every day . ''
i see so if i wanted to repair my car the cost has to be over my deductible ?
i still own and wear cargo shorts but only in certain settings .
if i 'm going walking downtown and snapping pictures i 'll wear them because i can throw a few spare rolls of film into a pocket and not have to lug a camera bag around .
when i 'm doing theatre work i usually wear a pair when it 's not an an actual show because i 'll dump whatever i need into the things .
they 're practical for a few things even if they 're ugly ''
for the dil that got the blessing he was going to live even though he had 100 incurable cancer and was at stage 4 .
maybe once he realizes he is playing in an empty stadium night after night .
it was the bit of fun we had at the end .
say what you want about the khl but the khl knows how to have fun .
when the base game came out it had mixed reviews due to glitches and being seen as too short for what was promised .
the dark below expansion improved it quite a bit but only added a small amount to the story .
it introduced a few interesting new bits but not much in the story .
the taken king expansion is quite good but cost almost as much as the original game .
so buying the legendary edition for 40.00 means you are getting the game at about a third of the price that some people have paid .
also there have been some very interesting glitches unlimited heavy ammo ?
titans especially strikers with shotguns will piss you off in the crucible .
he also has a feature on swerve by rich the kid .
that sounds like a lovely place to have a honeymoon actually .
i 'm glad you like our beautiful country vlad .
i 'm going to fly to chicago to see that .
that sink is nice if it is old the demand for old authentic sturdy pieces is high .
if you doing like it you could carefully remove it and sell it
true but the more the message of the series can be spread the better .
how is it that with the huge gender imbalance in china so many more men than women that women ca n't find a man to marry and they must rent fake boyfriends ?
what 's the tweak to get the time on your homescreen ?
those who only played this during early access the final version has a second ex '' part which is the same room but with different puzzles that 's more difficult .
iirc the colors which are most common red white blue yellow were among the easiest to acquire dyes for approx .
purple in particular was a very expensive dye which is why it is often associated with royalty .
brown and green were less common i think because they were more difficult to distinguish from a distance .
i think that because red white and blue were common flag colors for so long newer flags were influenced by these colors and also used them .
never thought about it too much because it 's probably only happened like once for me .
i got offered a job and i start tomorrow .
cut is an hm move i do n't believe any of the npc 's can teach it
i love how you build up the tension between them .
the ability to give a direction towards the pokémon not even necessarily with distance would actually give us the ability to track again would most likely be more fun than footprints and should be relatively light on the server because instead of having to update steps towards the coordinates it only needs to point in a direction .
niantic does n't have to put a lot of information out client-side which helps prevent cheating and it might just be the revitalization pokémon hunting needs !
i do n't do clothing requests either unless it 's 6 hanes her way sweatpants from wal-mart in a size small petite length .
i will wear them for the entire appointment for no extra charge .
mostly because the top pair 's pupils are n't looking in the same direction as the bottom pair .
every fusion i 've seen with 3 eyes all pupils look at the same thing .
image and video based submissions are not allowed by r/technology .
please try submitting to r/technologyporn r/pics r/gifs or another image-based subreddit .
for videos please try submitting to r/videos r/video r/documentaries or another video-based subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/technology if you have any questions or concerns .
squad just keeps getting more and more mind blowing .
this patch seems very well thought out with the vehicles and the maps look stunning .
at least for amex links i 'm pretty sure the link itself with the garbled mumbo jumbo is the referral .
i sent the links themselves to friends and got the referral .
i would not go to anything like that if it required a monthly subscription .
that 's not fair he did cash a massive wage every week and spy on the squad for lvg .
ah i see can you see all the servers from dayz launcher on it ?
nope not yet i 'm still working on it !
this youtubers video is the most informstive video i 've seen on youtube yet .
not many people get straight to the point or even go deep into detail about how every thing works .
as a former christian missionary faith is central to my life .
i oppose gay marriage i support restrictions on abortion — no public funding and parental consent — and i 've worked to pass a state law banning partial-birth abortion. tim kaine 2005
i like how the title plays on the imagery of poem .
i would rethink using the pentameter in only the last stanza .
maybe consider taking out the punctuation in the second stanza ?
either that or i would punctuate the whole piece .
i was a little upset that you broke the stanzas where you did actually .
i 'm not sure where else you would put them but it feels real good reading without the first two stanzas together maybe use only two stanzas and break them before the dying line ... ''
thank you for the good read and keep it up yo !
is to possible if can i add an item or two ?
i can split the shipping with you to make even cheaper for you i 'd really appreciate your help
at least the bench is starting to make more sense .
hitting the head will make it bounce back really quick so it might just not be visible in this gif .
that 's assuming it 's sony who is evaluating .
sony is not exempt to bug ridden games whatsoever .
in all likelihood it 's bethesda working with sony on how to implement it on psn .
in my experience people there are super open and happy for a chat .
i have done it for different festivals where my friend was one of the leaders .
so i spent a few hours fending for myself but people men and women were all so open and chatty that it was easy to make friends .
what 's gon na happen when they/their kid is shit and you need to fire them ?
i just solo it first time with boldur not easy second with attikus for the lore challenge .
i assumed it was a tempered steel by looking at the crack .
follow a 20 plus year paramedic for a day and eat everything they eat .
wash down all meals with a 52 ounce mountain dew .
you will be up to fighting weight in no time .
then why is it that most blacks feel discriminated against and that even white people agree that racism is still a problem ?
black people are told they 're being discriminated against from all angles and the biased media helps perpetuate that narrative .
go along with this so black people naturally latch on to it .
there is a concerted agenda to stir up racial animosity in america and there are many groups who are benefiting from it in one way or another .
the same thing is happening in reverse for white people .
we 're being bombarded with the notion that white racism is rampant if you criticise anything about a minority you 're a racist you 're blessed with white privilege so we need affirmative action to level out the playing field etc .
i do n't understand how simply talking about race relations in the us or admitting that the us has a problem with racism makes you the real racist '' .
the discussion '' always involves white people listening to black people tell us how discriminated against and oppressed you are .
white people ca n't have a dialogue because we do n't know what it 's like to be black in america so our opinion is invalid .
mens opinions are irrelevant because they 're not sufficiently oppressed .
my school 's electronic gaming society hosts lan parties a few times a year honestly some of the most fun events on campus due to their popularity .
hmm so i always thought my dropbox was safe ...
thanks for that i 'm going to make a couple offline backups 3
i know people who have died from using fentanyl .
exactly this it determines motor orientation with respect to the accelerometers/gyros .
when i was young my mom used to store our microwave lids in the oven because we had no space in the cupboards .
i told her those are going to get melted when someone forgets '' .
our aunt came to stay for a few days sure enough she turned on the oven and they melted .
two morgans are better than one and even one is absurd overkill so which settings do i need to make robin look identical to morgan disregarding hair colour ?
the world will never know world peace until three people can simultaneously look each other in the eye . ''
the 360 used a specific api for a games music that developers could use .
it was obvious when they did n't because things got fucked up when you played music like in the original dead rising where background music cut off all cut-scene sounds including voices even when you had the music player paused
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
i 'd say the level and boss design of ds3 is on par with ds1 with what technology was available at the time .
it 's interesting how the bosses in ds1 dlc artorias and manus were already a step in the direction of fast-paced combat and then ds2 completely shat on the idea until their own dlcs .
i could n't post yet in the forums already email verified just waiting on the approval but i was wondering if there might be a way you could add by location '' to your events listing .
with them all mixed together by date i kind of have to scroll through all of them to find out where the games are located .
i see that you have an adventure timeline/resources but you have n't actually started the real organized play events yet have you ?
those are just all the ones available so far from ffg and other resources .
are you really not going to ship out navas ?
you have great quality in midfield but i do n't think navas is that great surely it would allow a few youngsters to come through .
the prime example i can think of from the webseries is pizza ''
i get even more sad every time i have to explain this but for some reason i have faith someone will actually have experience in the field .
it does n't matter how fast you anecdotally feel you 've progressed because that does n't refute what the actual f2p model is .
clash of clans candy crush and every other mobile app f2p game in the world operates on the principles i just said .
even if you can progress at a reliable rate in each of the games without needing to pay money there will always be people willing to pay money because their time is worth more than the time it takes to farm the individual in-game resources .
this is also to say there are people willing to pay more for the comparative edge it gives over someone who does n't pay .
you know how i know you 're just a kid who actually does n't understand what he 's talking about ?
i know because right now you 're trying to refute the economics 101 question should a lawyer do his/her lawn mowing ? ''
i mean i could be wrong and in which case go write your case and tell the top f2p app developers on the mobile market they do n't actually have the sales they do .
go write your essay and take a big chunk out of the mobile market 's revenue if you think the wealth of theory is wrong .
e in fact since this is a basic market economics concept go submit it for your noble prize and begin our classless society by crushing the capitalist machine comrade matthew .
it 's like trying to tell some newbie know-it-all that we ca n't actually compute prime numbers from an equation .
at some point you just have to say if i was wrong then electronic banks accounts would n't exist '' .
if you think i 'm wrong right now just type out watermelon '' so we can both just move on .
and your second argument does n't actually address anything related to f2p or p2p
because the fact it 's f2p means there are proportionately more users than if they were to add 99 cent charge to installing .
if something costs less then aggregate demand is higher dw you 'll take economics at some point in high school .
they do projections and say there are two possible cases and i 'll format it so you can understand better
we charge some upfront cost to generate revenue from people playing it flat-out .
with whatever number of people who pay flat-out we will also use in negotiations with businesses .
players cost to install the game players/players possible modifier from of players who use in-app purchases players
so you 're gaining more money from installations but less from businesses since the upfront cost makes less people want to play .
now you can go ahead and refute the claim less people would play and i guess you can convince yourself you 've won '' but holy shit am i not going to try to convince you 2+2=4
players 0 players possible/players possible modifier from of players who use in-app purchases players possible
and here we can say the f2p game actually achieves the most amount of players possible due to there being no entry cost .
niantic google most app developers can/do extrapolate data from previous trends analyze current trends between target demographics whatever the fuck and determine what brings them the most revenue .
as we can see they 've done the projections and found they generate more money from making it not cost anything because apparently mcdonald 's and businesses comparable can offer far more money in partnerships than a bunch of millennials who have nostalgia for pokemon .
the data they 'd use is n't infallible however the equation as sloppy as it was written is not .
the reason why the deals also matter for a player is because the ability to complain and expect some kind of change you have to be offering something in a deal .
a homeless dude ca n't demand i give him rye bread when i 'm donating willingly .
here we 're the product since we 're being offered .
our bargaining point is we stop playing and you face litigations in your deals unless you fix whatever '' .
facebook/reddit sell user data in exchange for a forum .
in some way it is being paid for otherwise the market corrects itself due to the unsustainability of the model .
i will be messaging you on 2016-08-02 21:59:52 utc http www.wolframalpha.com/input ? i=2016-08-02 21:59:52 utc to local time to remind you of this link .
1 others clicked this link http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message https www.reddit.com/r/pokemongo/comments/4vqh36/i_think_im_finally_ready_to_catch_a_pidgey_post/d60tt98 0a 0aremindme !
12 hours to send a pm to also be reminded and to reduce spam .
parent commenter can delete this message to hide from others .
faqs http np.reddit.com/r/remindmebot/comments/24duzp/remindmebot_info custom http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message link inside square brackets else default to faqs 0a 0anote do n't forget to add the time options after the command. 0a 0aremindme !
your reminders http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=list of reminders message=myreminders !
feedback http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebotwrangler subject=feedback code https github.com/silver remindmebot-reddit browser extensions https np.reddit.com/r/remindmebot/comments/4kldad/remindmebot_extensions
do n't be so pessimistic about your own relationships .
there 's plenty of funny and creative people around .
just keep doing what you 're doing and you 're bound to run into people of similar interests and desires even if that desire is arin and danny fucking .
your question has been removed because we do not allow yes or no questions .
even if you suspect this message is in error chances are if you triggered this filter your post still violates one of our rules .
read the sidebar and please see this post https redd.it/41pzm2 for more information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askmen if you have any questions or concerns .
and here i thought i was the only one with a fuck bucket .
but the technology did n't exist 70 years ago and we do n't even know if there 's a gay gene now .
you might as well say imagine if computers/the internet had existed in nazi germany ''
one of my greatest abstract fears as in not something concrete like heights is that if i do n't change my views i will be on the wrong side of history regarding some future rights movement combating some future ism '' or ophobia '' because it 's so commonplace now that i do n't even realize i 'm doing anything wrong .
that being said we ca n't even predict what behaviors or traits will be big issues '' but that does n't mean we should n't genetically modify anyone until we 're so perfect in all senses that we do n't need modification .
how about we just whether through modification of not make people stop hating other people for relatively trivial reasons ?
are you wallriding on that little step before that wall ?
i think if you skate on one wall you 're not allowed to immediately skate on another wall facing the same direction .
so that little step can mess you up if you wallride it .
i feel like now i 'm ready to kick it into high gea
get a food scale weigh what you eat and eat less !
there is no kick starting ketosis or switching it into high gear .
if you are not losing weight then you are simply eating too much .
pm my creator ! https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=weffe subject=nigelthornberry-bot message=please 20add 20 insert 20your 20subreddit 20to 20your 20ignore 20list .
that 's weird because i have an account that i 've bought back in january and it 's still not banned .
although i only play occasionally because its elo is just so fucking trash yeah thanks random account shops i think it helps that people have absolutely no idea how scripting looks like in bronze and they just chalk it up to being elohell .
so even if the account is marked for a banwave it 's been surviving for more than 6 months now .
whenever the runner makes a successful run if spring heeled jack is installed and rezzed the corp may return spring heeled jack to the top of r d .
i 'm not quite sure why i 'd want to do this other than the occasional desire to switch which server it 's on ?
but it has a trash cost so that 's a risky move ... it seems like this bit could easily be cut and you 'd still have a perfectly serviceable card .
purple nars dominique which is my favourite lipstick overall .
i also like mac heroine bright warm purple and up the amp purple-pink there 's a roughly similar matte shade called men love mystery .
berry rimmel dark night water-loops 380 in the moisture renew range is a lovely dark berry that lasts a surprisingly long time for the depth of the colour .
need to lose leg muscle mass '' too much soccer has given him humongous legs
is there a way to keep my relative size while increasing muscle hardness ?
is this https www.facebook.com/luleahockey/photos/a.306853825792.153017.54502490792/10153570705260793 ? type=3 theater some form of advanced crossfit ? ''
88 86 for their primary job damage they crit a lot already so obviously critdmg is the way to go .
je speed for buffing/healing/reviving more often und providing grenade debuffs on as many toons as possible to pump 88 damage output .
nebit health as he is a tank and has this protection up buff based on his maxhealth .
speed arrows are obviously the best choice for anyone but especially for droids as their sole strategy builds upon on bursting key enemies down before getting hit themselves .
with speed mods all droids are likely to have another turn before the enemy even gets to go .
je tm 88 aoe 88 basic 86 special 86 basic hk aoe hk basic nebit special je nade 88 basic 86 basic enemy turns x this will likely be the order things are going once you equipped speed arrows with the mentioned sets .
this would potentially allow you to kill rey and another key toon or rg before the enemy gets to go unless you face a rex or ob lead
have n't made my mind up on secondary or other primary mod effects yet .
protection speed and further crit damage are always welcome tho except for nebit in his case pump as much health as possible .
did not realise that you did n't urinate out of your vagina until halfway through my first year of med school .
i blame my mum for telling me i had to change my tampon every time i peed
they will make money off of them but the more appealing bundle will be the one with instant gratification convenience and little long term regret .
people will purchase the energy/lapis bundle and they will do it multiple times .
the others are there for when someone is having difficulty and needs that little oomf to get by or is having trouble with the status effects .
i 've been a bit hard on with hours cut from work but just had extra to finally buy the gold equipment bundle but it expired .
only lasting x amount of days after starting the game is stupid .
if someone wants to spend 75 on your game let them !
data gets updated within few hours after info has come out usually within minutes .
the date/time everyone seems to be using for jcsat-16 came from nasaspaceflight https twitter.com/nasaspaceflight/status/759720321607831552 .
i saw the tweet within 30sec of it going out but because no valid enough of a source for the claim can be found in the post we do n't use it .
the data may well be correct but we have decided to only go with solid info .
we do try to give rough tbd dates for the launches but in the current launchlibrary website that info is n't viewable .
some of the apps that use the api do show it .
i mean your thread is sitting on 0 points and 20 upvoted at this point and you do n't have a single comment with people agreeing with you ... what possessed you to post this knowing that no one cares and that these types of post are never received well ?
your talk about people throwing themselves into the fire on their own could not have been more ironic .
i think it 's a reflection of how women in general are presented on television .
i also find there is no representation of trans men which is interesting .
in my real life experience all the trans women i 've met have been geeky and tom boyish but that 's more my crowd .
i think the traditional look is more common in older trans women because it was the omly way they could fit in and it 's taking tv a while to catch up .
i 'm sorry i do n't know who that is .
i 'm british so i 'm not sure if that 's why .
in the uk everyone is entitled to help to pay for univeristy if they are poor .
additional grants are usually given for financially disadvantaged people or disabled people .
we do n't have a huge amount of gender inequality in education here .
when i was at uni my class was almost all girls .
just a quick note and i 'm nlt trying to be pedantic more just in case you offend someone in future but it 's 'a transgender person ' or 'trans person ' not 'a transgender ' .
it 's a bit like saying 'a gay ' or 'a chinese ' .
nice fast clear easy epix even with easy-mode it still takes too long to get full bis anyway no look at me i 'm pro hardcore i 'm best geared on realm and you 're all peasants '' attitude from anyone .
best times i 've had with wow since early wotlk .
charitable uses act 1601 ... meeting a spiritual need is charity .
soccer is growing in this country because people are majority european soccer fans .
european soccer fans base their teams even in the smallest cities .
american sports is a closed system that allows one team to represent a huge area .
this model does n't unite communities this just gives people a brand to root for .
the fact is as a epl soccer fan i see the galaxy team as representing the long beach/harbor area lafc will be representing los angeles city area .
theoretically we can have teams also in the sgv and in the sfv .
why link a saturday down south article over the athlon article that it just ripped the list from ?
i 've always wondered at what point in time people quit and start their own business .
i 'm a freelancer so it 's never crossed my mind nor would i have any idea how to approach someone who might be sitting on more than i 'll see in a lifetime and probably gets hundreds of pitches every week .
that 's something i was never taught in school was how to approach investors .
congrats on getting everything up and running by the way !
this past world matchplay after he lost to brendan dolan he gave an interview to rtl7 dutch broadcaster of darts .
the first reason he stated why he lost was because brendan dolan threw so slow . ''
which in my eyes is straight up bullshit since 1. he does n't throw slow at all compared to suljovic/pipe/taylor and 2 .
but anyway he listed a laundry list of problem before finally admitting that dolan was the better player tonight .
he at this point in his career has such a low self esteem issue that i would n't be surprised if he released phase 6 this year .
keep in mind i love barney as a player .
but damn does he need to change a few things about his mannerisms .
you would think that a greek would appreciate democracy but then again your pride was so badly damaged that you have to resort to the russians who share your embarrassment .
maybe greek soldiers are going to come here for holiday too we will gladly accommodate .
which part of official video gaming partner do you think is not exclusive ?
the fact that we 've seen it plenty without a team being exclusive .
again they probably are n't in pes 2017 but nothing in that press release confirms it .
could be real potosi but the outer ring looks too thin to be their 's .
more often than not they 'll get incapacitated before they die .
i usually draft a colonist and make that one stand nearby waiting until the inevitable happens .
i do like to keep my colonies small on these really cold maps below the desired pop .
i have had counselors who would deny me service because it was difficult for me to make it to appointments .
i had my last one quit on me because i missed so many appointments .
honestly though i think that counselor was unable to help me and did not have the humility or honesty to say that she did n't have the skills/patience to help me and get me a referral to someone who could .
the messed up part is that i was ready to go on our last appointment and i was standing outside when my ride never showed up .
turns out a relative of mine had a heart attack and my ride was at the hospital looking after them .
even upon explaining this that counselor did n't care .
because if you are on the internet and more importantly know about duolingo your english is probably very good .
i wish i could create a link to my note to share here
i will concede to a lot of your points .
i 'm not entirely sure that the hutchinson effect videos are even legeit .
there is a guy who reproduces them and shows how .
but the one thing that sticks in my my is disinformation .
if it were real those who benefit the most from it would want to keep its proof of concept under wraps .
you can just tell with some of these old curmudgeons that they have low t .
yeah but they need to be on the lookout slightly in advance in case they need to grab something from the eshop before it gets taken down etc .
the supreme court upheld them as being constitutional but recommended states decide on their own .
i did n't say they were unconstitutional just that they 're controversial .
of course me being a mod had something to do with it but if someone asked and there was nothing important taking a spot in the sticky i would happily sticky something until something else comes up .
should be fine as long as you know what they need to do and give directions .
some of them are not really trained so they will do what they think is right .
but one thing that came to mind is that i would consider soups as sauces because i use them as such in pies and things .
i combine and substitute things like that so it makes it difficult to section things .
you gave me another section i did n't realise i 'd need .
we were young and cavalier about the heat wave that was going on from california to texas and we ended up overheating our way half way across the country .
in death valley we barely made it from water tank to water tank which mercifully were situated every couple of miles .
we had no air conditioning and during that stretch it was actually hotter with the windows down which is something you really have to go through in order to appreciate .
today i went out and saw more things than i usually do along my typical route .
caught a few unusuals '' for my area including a charmander in a spot i 've never seen him in before a machop which i only have one other and a wartortle !
caught a few ponytas too seemed to be more of them same with ghastly .
my company never came to me with an offer of a promotion they hired from the outside and on most days we do the exact same tasks .
you say you do the exact same tasks yet you also say this
she has also accomplished goals that we tried to accomplish last year but failed on .
had you been a proper fit for the management position you would have accomplished those goals without her last year .
had you demonstrated your management skills by accomplishing that then you probably would have been considered for the job .
because management is n't about what tasks you do on a day to day basis it is about overseeing that everyone else 's tasks get completed and that those tasks are integral for the team/companies forward direction .
i am jealous and scared of becoming redundant and losing my job .
unless your company is facing troubled financial times take a deep breath because that probably is n't a threat .
like i said her management job is much more than the tasks she does and you are going to still be needed .
they would rather her not do those tasks especially if you are perfectly capable of doing them and would rather her focus more of her time on management .
you can either wallow in your insecurity and be miserable accept that she is good at what she does and keep going at the pace you are going today or you can look to grow personally and improve yourself .
have you thought about taking night classes towards an ad or even a ba/bs ?
are there professional certifications you can earn that would improve your skill set and make you more valuable to the company/workforce ?
instead of focusing on what this new manager is accomplishing focus on what you can do to make your accomplishments match closer to hers by raising yourself up .
if you 'd like to accomplish things like her i 'd even approach her to see if she 'd be willing to mentor you .
mentors are one of the most underutilized assets people have available to them and good mentor/mentee relationships can help you make leaps in your professional career .
if you need an apartment take a look at this .
have n't played shovel knight yet i should give it a try !
i have a gtx 1070 i7 6700k rig that i use to play games on a 1080p monitor .
i 've been playing the gta v campaign on it recently with all graphical settings maxed .
about 80 of the time i get a smooth 60 fps and the game looks amazing .
the other 20 of the time i find myself with frame rates in the 50s 40s and even mid-30s
i 'm not terribly bothered by this in-game but with a graphics card that is said to be overkill for a 1080p setup should i be seeing the framerate go below 50 ever ?
this makes me a little worried about what i 'm going to see when i upgrade to a 1440p monitor .
i do have prefer maximum performance as my setting in the nvidia control panel .
builds up a rage-meter like it 's a character passive in smite
lmao i like to imagine him being a reverse nox passive .
everytime instead of losing stacks when attacked he builds his rage-o-stacks up .
i wish diem would read it and kinda reflect on that .
him doing the former is likely but the latter probably not so much .
you did n't even include the two final shots that 's the best part of this ko
i feel like he relies a little too much on coercion with nancy that it comes off as a little creepy but other than that it seems like his heart is in the right place .
well if there is evidence of donations to nambla then the accusation is pretty valid
are we mad at obama for killing children or do we pull out resulting in militant factions fucking over the populace ?
i guess as soon as we leave everything goes back to normal and there is no hard feelings ?
the terrorists just stop attacking nations all over the world ?
we show the world once and for all that you can conduct attacks on civilized lands and get away with it ?
fuck you france fuck you germany fuck you england fuck you russia and fuck us .
steam streaming works perfectly on amd and costs less .
setting it up to stream your entire computer is trivial .
also peripherals are cheaper if he wants dynamic screen synchronization freesync or gsync because amd supports industry wide standards .
then there 's shadowplay which is just a nice integrated tool in nvidia but which is vastly inferior to the oss tools available for streaming and recording .
nvidia does however tend to focus more on the top of the market while amd focuses on the bread and butter .
if you have no problem with the guy i 'd assume he is n't a horrible person and wo n't play you for his amusement and go out with him
this is heirchon ... but i was just saying it was a cool thing i wasnt even bragging u need to take a chill pill lmao
just found another site http www.roteerdbeere.com/index.php it 's german though just bought my half-life bigbox gunman bigbox there .
judging by her top she appears to be a supervisor or dept .
manager of some sort and from my experience of working at toys r us the store manager would be extremely lax with something like this
i have n't liked espanyol since they injured five of my players in a match in football manager seven years ago
i think what might be happening here is that critics are expecting something in the same vein as marvel 's stuff but wb is intentionally trying to separate themselves and do something different .
the good reviews just have way too many nice things to say for this movie to be the heaping pile of shit that the tomatometer suggests and the negative reviews all seem to be almost lukewarm .
it really seems like about 2/3rds of the critics want to say why ca n't this just be more like guardians of the galaxy ? ''
but wo n't because that 's too easy low hanging fruit .
i have to see the movie to see if it 's actually competently made but like i said the positive reviews are just too positive for this to be that bad .
that link you posted is seriously a good read i 'm not a religious person but it has great information along with the whole section that likens it to a bad business deal that really shows how fucked up it is .
how does one take 'better ' care of a phone in the lint-in-headphone-jack sense anyway ?
you can move on now your lint obsession is unnerving .
i keep trying to ask her to 'work it out ' and i 'm 'working on myself ' it 's not doing anything but pushing her away .
i 'm sort of a 'straightforward ' guy and currently i 'm not totally 'moved on ' and 'accepting ' of the situation .
so 'playing it cool ' like you said without being totally disengaged in my mind is tough for me .
i know what i have to do is genuinely 'disengage ' in my mind .
not sure if i 'll get to that place before this mediation happens .
and i guess i got ta read the flair first before posting
but i think michelle handles these and word from the trump campaign is that melanie plans to take this role in a trump whitehouse .
which means they 'll still be signed michelle obama .
i see but this still kind of backs up the theory as he might just not know of this and downgrade when he saw that it did not work as it used to
sounds like you know what you 're doing then sorry if i came off as patronizing p .
just did n't want someone who was new to this stuff accidentally getting themselves into trouble
i am just accepting the fact that all these films will be mediocre .
wonder woman may save it ... but i do n't have much hope .
this is looking really really bad but i will decide for myself on thursday .
i 'm not sure i understand all of the details and want to ask some questions .
but in the last thread i did this in that op responded to a couple of questions and then disappeared .
what do you mean by cover people '' and by sign up '' ?
is covering people an unusual or exceptional action a deviation from the norm or is covering people the normal way workers are assigned work ?
maybe it 'd help if you walked through a story '' that shows what you 're looking for .
what 's it like when you do manually what you would like the software to help with ?
talk about what things look like before anything is done who is acting or making a change and why what change they 're making and what things look like after the change is made .
that 's how trump tried to frame the convention i think he 's showing his disagreement with it
echo fox look good on paper i do n't think they 've really proven they 've been able to translate that to actual results .
tsm even have less experience at the high level but are still performing great .
most cons walk the line of red tips and foam to general effectiveness but those running the show are open to make their own rules .
please send a voice sample as instructed in the post .
thought 2 she and most looks way better without the red lipstick
beautiful but she is n't brazilian she is from mexico
but he does n't have the scoring touch against real defense and goalies .
there are three speeds to cruise at in an airplane .
one gets youthere the fastest one gets you farther on a gallon of fuel one keeps you in the air the longest .
i literally have n't heard anyone use the word unless in that context .
settling things out and bringing awareness to the tragedies that do matter .
it takes vision to understand that these institutions can be reformed and improved upon .
i do not enjoy meddling with mindless discussions but like it not moba is a genre by itself if anything it is much closer to action rpgs than rts .
basically you want to aggressively take control of the board wth war axe ghoul blood to ichor and ac .
then you curve out while trying to make favorable trades but also push face damage when possible .
then you start dropping your big threats like crushers grom and rag .
having war axe is very very important so to maximize your chances of getting it you do n't want to keep good but not great '' cards like frothing blood to ichor 4 drops etc .
this is especially true against hunter or warlock where i might just throw everything to look for the axe .
if you already have the axe you can be more forgiving in the mulligan keeping 3 drops ghoul sometimes 4 drops if your hand is really good .
also you want to keep ghoul vs. warlock and blood to ichor against shaman and warlock when you have the coin good vs .
it 's possible to not be waiting on edge for every new release that drops or constantly being exicted ''
i think this sub has a problem with hype .
every dd thread is ca n't wait for this album and this album and this album '' after that album drops people love it for a week and then it 's on to the next round of what new album is coming out next ? ''
me personally i 'm not sitting here waiting on edge for new albums because i have a backlog of 90 's albums mid-00 's albums and albums from this year i still have to enjoy .
same story with drop zone which is my preferred game mode .
i will throw multiple lives away jump packing into a hostile area and flicking on my personal shield to claim a pod only to get a rifle butt to the back of the head .
meanwhile teammates are sitting on top of the sandcrawler or taking potshots from 50 meters away .
to the k/d guys ... if your k/d is above 2.5 and yet you 're always somewhere in the middle of the pack in terms of score on any given game mode you 're a pussy .
oh you can run game boy color games on mgba ?
remind me why it was a good idea to have the olympics there ?
or why any of the competitors are crazy enough to actually go ?
i can understand that i 'm sure it hurt a lot and was an ordeal .
i 've found it helps to talk to someone who also has depression/anxiety because they mostly get what you 're going through .
but it 's hard sometimes not to fall into the trap of talking in circles about how awful everything is
i know of one canon example of someone turning someone else into a lich .
in the eberron setting erandis vol a half dragon/elf sorceress was turned into a lich by her mother to protect '' her .
vol despises her condition now but i 'm not clear on how willing or unwilling she was at the time .
she does n't even know what or where her phylactery is so everytime she 's destroyed she reforms somewhere new .
someone goes out and creates it same as any system .
i work in the oilfield not that it matters .
damn you 're a lazy thinker pretending that socialist opinions means i must be young and unemployed or whatever .
i hope you decide on your own to think critically instead of lazily .
he wears gloves cause the man deals with a lot of lube he 's an ass pioneer and to get the shots we all enjoy he spreads that ass which can get quite slippery .
the reason i have n't done it yet is that i dance in the evening 3 times a week so i only get home after 10 10:30 and i 'm starving .
so i 'll have to start eating really late in the day .
i thought of starting with 8. does that make sense ?
the disadvantage is then the 500k fmv is included in the defendant 's estate which if you 're approaching the 10m net worth area could become an issue .
paying capital gains tax would be better than paying the estate tax .
running out of life time exemption does n't apply to most people though but then again neither does appreciation on personal residence exceeding 250k/500k .
as a ebay seller this happens all the time .
i 've had people threaten to stab me if i did n't cut the shipping cost .
even tho as i said i could play online perfectly
ah fine a sharp knife and lidocaine if you insist
before getting into a taxi always check the reference price on the sticker on the window .
the large number is supposed to be around 290-330 sek .
scam taxis can have reference prices ranging from 370 all the way up to above 1000 sek .
most swedes know and avoid them so they try to target tourists at airports and boat terminals .
she was going to go jog around the park and the towers but first went to get coffee you know that stuff that gives you energy like you might want before jogging .
according to hc chelsea never ran around twc that morning because they got hit before she could .
if english is perhaps not your first language then i apologize but was going to '' should be pretty damn clear to a native speaker .
another method would be the wall of light http starwars.wikia.com/wiki/wall_of_light power that could strip a persons connections to the dark side .
the guy started it by making a lazy insult like 'get a job ' or some such .
and i did proceed to make a valid point unlike the poster above .
you ca n't blame me for the general tone of debate on this sub
do you think any soldier joined the military because they wanted to steal iraqi oil ?
do you think any american citizen signed away their rights and potentially their life because they wanted to fuel the mic ?
maybe they are stupid but i 'm willing to bet your mother 's life that enough soldiers died thinking it was for the good of america in all of your criminal wars .
it was n't them that made the decision to invade iraq for no reason but they still paid the price america was willing to pay .
i read somewhere that they generated more revenue during the two years of console than the seven years of pc .
probably why they have all those tier 8 premiums currently for free .
why are they dedicating their precious free time to fucking with a company who is complying with immigraiton law ?
furthermore why are they doing it to fuck with the front of house people who have absolutely no say in the hiring policy for main chain ?
why not dedicate their precious free time to at least protesting at the head offices so they do n't make themselves look like utter fuckwits with nothing better to do ?
this looks like the moon card the moon should be full though .
saa is using heavily too atgm you can see that simply with the fact that rebels and isis capture a lot of them in advance positions or checkpoints .
they just do n't record most of their launch like some rebels do .
there was a time indeed where it seem atgm were not widespread in loyalist hands maybe because of some trust issues in some units and the fack they were not so critical at this time but with the fact that rebels and isis have gained some serious armored capacities and also the great threat of svbied they became absolutely necessary in numbers .
i believe russia has delivered a great lot of them in recent years to saa and others forces .
you can be sure that rebels and isis have lost a good number of tanks and others to loyalist atgm but for you specific question about the charge it 's more hard to target precisely tanks or bmp during thoses charge with smoke and artillery round failling on both side of the battlefield it requires some good positions good operators and a bit of luck you ca n't always have that .
and rebels do n't have the habit to leave their armor in guarding duty in the open like we used to see on loyalist side during years so far less easy targets .
i 'm sorry you have a headache and your wombeast acted out during a celebratory time for you once your party winds down and you snuggle up with your awesome bf and feel the safety and security of being in his arms that headache will go away ha much like someone else i 'm really happy that you have a great support system around you during this whole ordeal most ops here do n't have that so it kinda restores faith in humanity there are some amazing human beings out there when i 'm overstuffing my drama llamas for another sleepless night .
and if you do n't mind relaying this message to your bf i 'd be most obliged dear sir you are awesome and you should totally sneak in page 34 of the kama sutra as part of your birthday gift to smokeyandthebandet .
but in all seriousness i 've never read the kama sutra and have no idea what 's on page 34 .
seeing as the deaf community is rarely polled in anything official i have to go by my family and friends as well as people i work with on a daily basis i 'm an interpreter .
so i 'd say out of a typical day i interact with between 3-10 deaf people friends and family who would all consider signing speech .
in my working life if i could poll every person i 'd probably ask around 150 people i work interpreting phone calls into sign .
if i had to guess i 'd guess about 80-95 of the people would agree that sign speech .
additionally i 'm sure there are videos on audism those who discriminate based on hearing ability/spoken word speech status that may agree with this sentiment .
my eyes have mutated from over a decade of staring at computer screens so i can comfortable read a book at any time of day by staring intently at this monitor .
yep that the wire or perhaps the air generally smells of wasp death .
i saved my coins for no reason.. well time to buy what 's left to buy .
in the short term rich hill is easily better than matt moore in the long term urias and de leon are easily better than matt moore .
hell maeda and mccarthy are better than matt moore .
it 's been a black hole in the lineup for the brewers this year and hernan has been producing when he plays so he 'll take ramon flores ' at bats in the of now .
i do n't think there 's much point getting good gear at level 14 .
it will carry you through a fair few levels in the story while you 're levelling though .
however i guess it 's a fun way to farm crafting mats or make a little cash .
you might find its the best part of the game .
the gear grind in end game is so real it hurts .
raw data is awesome because the motion controls feel so good .
doing that with any other control scheme would take the magic away from the game and would probably become dull for the non-vive user before you can say xbox controller '' .
what i could see the potential in is you could make a 'versus'-mode where the keyboard/controller guy could control the vr-player 's opponents .
by this i do n't mean controlling them directly with moving and shooting except maybe the drones as they seem more mobile and more interesting to control on a monitor with traditional controls but the spawn locations what pod they come out of and timings of the robot .
maybe something like where you 're given 'x ' amounts of robots as well as robot types for each round and then you get full control of when and where they will spawn and attack the player .
just did it it worked and everything seems fine .
is it possible that something minor went wrong that i might not notice right away or if something went wrong would it be really obvious ?
one weird exception being the wolf emoji which is a scary looking grey wolf facing the screen on almost every platform except ios where it 's a cute dog in profile .
if so i got an octillery to trade for it .
everyone in the nfl and nba has talent or else they would n't be there
you do n't have your friend code set in your flair .
please set it immediately by visiting the link below .
please allow a few days for the moderators to update your flair .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relaxedpokemontrades if you have any questions or concerns .
on ps4 you know when its gon na release on pc you do n't .
i 'm so seriously hoping no mans sky is a flop .
otherwise i have a funny feeling some serious hours are going to get put into that game and the mrs will be having words with me !
great choice only teams playing matches today and only gold silver this choice seems relevant .
i assumed you were being sarcastic but then i realized you were a contributor to the_dipshit ... so who even knows at this point ?
let me know what you think i would really love to know if you have constructive criticisms on the builds/overall tension of the track .
if they just made steed base line and give us turalyon 's might as a replacement in the talent i think everyone would calm the fuck down .
the other material i assume you 're talking about the wallet chain ?
i think you can get any old jeans at h m and cut the pants at the hem and the knee to get them exactly like that
we had to wait 8 years for developers to start shitposting gamemodes in tf2 blizzard are clearly outdoing their competitors .
i never really used the tracking because i think it was busted by the time we got the app here in canada .
but i am really concerned about the sudden lack of wild pokemon and the severe difficult behind trying to catch them .
i thought only grown ups would have the money to buy the vive .
the good thing is that despite the high pressure your schedule is flexible .
if i feel like running i can go for a run and just go back to work afterwards .
if you have papers due you work around the clock .
i know how to deal with that now usually i grab a soup and a salad at our canteen or switch to protein shakes for their convenience .
also i shop in bulk a lot and when i do manage to cook in my most stressful days it 's usually for three days of eating .
another thing that made it hard for me is that i snack a lot when i 'm bored .
and not being very disciplined this happens a lot in the library .
solution that works for me pack some veggies and/or fruit .
honestly it 's probably easier to make the changes to your lifestyle now easy being obviously just one of the many reasons why to do it ! .
yes grad school is competitive and stressy and busy but there 's also the flexibility of kinda still being a student which makes it a bit easier .
i 'm curious how you make the determination that a cow wants to live .
so far as i know cows do n't have the capacity to understand what life is and what being alive vs not being alive means .
it seems to follow that without an ability to know that alive and not alive are states of being a cow would n't be able to want to exist in one state or the other .
the genetics of natural selection seem to have engineered cows and all forms of life to strive to maintain a status of alive but it seems to me that any impulse that would indicate a desire for a cow to be alive is biologically driven not cognitively driven .
so i do n't think a cow wants to be alive any more than a cow wants to eat or reproduce those things are merely biological impulses the cow has no choice but to obey .
that being said i do think if we can discover that an animal has the capacity for such thought either now or at some point in the future the discussion of whether or not and at what level they are deserving of moral status is something we ought to explore .
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
well at the moment every first responder in the us has something of a target on their back .
cops are being killed weekly if not daily and it 's spilling over to fire and ems with multiple reported knife attacks and shootings .
closer to home one of my sister units had a vandalism happen to their personal vehicles equipment and building all while a group of them were inside asleep .
emergency services are constantly reminded of their own mortality it 's in every call but now we 've got a merry group of people who want to shuck our mortal coils for us .
what made you type punk saber '' into google ?
or they are obliging to something a majority of the people in this sub-reddit asked valve to do .
why do laxatives always say works gently overnight '' ?
what if i want something that works violently right now ?
i used to play this game 5-8 hours a day for about 2 years on 4 accounts .
now i find it hard to force myself to grab my first win of the day '' ... thanks ... .
i love spaghetti but if i chose to eat spaghetti for every meal every day a week than i would be done with spaghetti in less than a year ...
but i still would ate a solid portion of delicious spaghetti before that .
i think they came to the conclusion that it could have been something else entirely and not a skin dancer as they thought at first .
this proves that tits are more sensational then a genocide
i think i was at same time 06 to 08 was part of the kreigmarines we were always getting in arguments with the hic .
also were part of the dudes who sailed an opel to britain to sap the factories
a 17-year-old nri girl of kashmiri origin has written an open letter to prime minister narendra modi pleading that the voices of agitating kashmiris be heard .
dear mr pm if we cared for kashmir people we wouldn'tfind ways to turn off all communications in the valley only tofurther deprive them of freedom we 'd open up all means fortheir voices to be heard .
sic '' fatima shaheen based in georgiastate of the us wrote .
everyone wants kashmir but no one cares for the peopleof the land .
because if we cared for kashmir people wewould n't care of people 's opinion on whether burhan wani was amilitant or a martyr we 'd try to understand why an acestudent chose to continue his career holding a gun rather thana pen sic '' she wrote .
dear pm listen to voices of agitating kashmiris nri girl writes to narendra modi http www.firstpost.com/india/dear-pm-listen-to-voices-of-agitating-kashmiris-nri-girl-writes-to-narendra-modi-2928632.html
in nri teen 's open letter to pm modi a question on burhan wani http www.ndtv.com/india-news/listen-to-voices-of-agitating-kashmiris-nri-teen-in-open-letter-to-pm-1438995
dear pm listen to voices of agitating kashmiris nri girl writes to narendra modi http www.firstpost.com/india/dear-pm-listen-to-voices-of-agitating-kashmiris-nri-girl-writes-to-narendra-modi-2928632.html
anytime i have a new job i have to meet new people and learn the ropes and do my job well .
masseffectsaves.com i think can help you with that they have a variety of tools linked .
because all egos and beefs and feelings aside we 're all here for one reason .
because this guy has inspired us all in one way or another with music that found it 's way into all of our hearts .
i will fight fires go into collapsed buildings do water rescue but i am never fucking with a power line .
my officer went through a few weeks/months not exactly sure of climbing training and school to go for that position .
you know the world could use a few more poets if you ask me
it 's literally in the title saying what it is .
plus the this is n't cod '' thing is referring to the people who play call of duty and do shit like this with the help of aim assist thinking it 's impressive .
and it also refers to people who make shitty quickscope montages of some sort .
you do realize that the api is the same as the one used in the game correct ?
it would take traffic pattern analysis to determine where the api was being used for tos-violating purposes and given the proliferation of the code to do so on git and elsewhere this is no trivial task .
one dude running a scanner at home looks quite similar to you sitting on your couch with your phone on until you really dig into it .
gordon will start at watkins glen to have an even 800 starts in his career .
jr will sit out enjoy use the off week to rest up and hopefully he 'll be back for bristol .
its not the same as it used to be though .
playing '' used to be people walking around and yelling across parks to alert people what they found .
now its just people camping out at lure parties .
still tons of folks playing but its just not the same .
you are correct that newton was an alchemist and agree it is not science although for some time it was hoped '' to be science .
those same scientists would never consider god as an option .
which proves a point i often make that is scientists stubbornly hold on to their presuppositions just as christians do .
i will choose to stubbornly hold my presupposition that if god showed himself to 1000 scientists in a way that there was absolutely no other conclusion that 950 would choose to convince themselves that it was a dream .
i believe their is an agenda by science to disprove the existence of god even though that entire line of reasoning belongs in philosophy not science .
kind of forgot this was even promised to us .
i 'll probably play nuka world or whatever it 's called when it 's out and then forget about fallout .
there 's too many games out for us to be holding our breathes for a feature like this .
i get butterflies and ca n't wait till bedtime so i can pop in some headphones and meditate '' .
english players belong in england we do n't want his wages and his inconsistensy we do n't want his injuries .
only english clubs can pay those overpriced guys so they never leave the league he 'd have to cut his wages to a third while some pl club would pay .
arsenal does n't have anything we want outside of the money required to make a 70m€ bid
sometimes i 'll borrow or pick up a book a friend has mentioned that i have no interest in just to be able to talk about it with them later .
that 's the lie the world tells you that you can sleep with someone and move on and that 's normal and not damaging .
that 's a lie though and i do n't think most people are able to even know the damage is being done until farther down the road .
the stats indicate it is a serious detriment to a long term marriage .
there is the ever increasing divorce rate that coorelates to the societal attitude towards premarital sex .
from everything i 've seen and read on the subject that 's the case .
so while it may not be totally inclusive of every encounter ever there are psychopaths out there i think usually we do n't even know the level that it affects us .
our creator sure does though and gave us guidelines and rules for our benefit .
i 'd say that if you can go and sleep with someone and join with them at such an intimate level and then leave that person with out any kind of impact then you 're very likely already affected by porn and other factors and you 're already lacking a healthy sexuality .
ya i 'm really glad so many offered i hate to ask someone to wait on me but with 3 of them i just will have to ask each for one or two favors each when they get here .
things will get a lot better when i get in the perm cast in 5 days .
while other people have sent me screenshots showing that they have like forty options under books magazines '' i only have like five .
nobody on facebook seems to be able to clear it up for me .
some people have it listed some people do n't .
some people have it listed under other '' and not books magazines . ''
here is a screenshot demonstrating podcast '' is n't under the books category http imgur.com/gallery/jufqq it is n't under any of the other categories either .
i decided to go vegetarian for the entirety of this month as a way to practice setting and achieving personal goals but goddamnit i forgot about burger week when i decided on august ! !
i think your main issue here is with lag .
i think nerfing them would make them an unreliable shark .
it 's already an advanced shark to play considering it 's a glass cannon .
if you are n't already try only playing on the region you reside while diving .
humans ca n't activate it by themselves but they can ride along .
born and raised as a gator in gainesville went to ucf .
here 's to you getting what you pay for ... and then some .
i dont have any option to clame tickets from balthazaar though ?
it 's never good to have only 1 main attacker imo .
poison blind silence probably would be very common in a future tournament and bam the main is dead .
when the main is dead the team is dead as well .
we use my mom 's old element as a farm car .
it 's great for bales of hay and bags of feed and can pull our small trailer .
i plan on catching the first couple eps at least .
curious mostly about noel 's attempt at becoming a wrestler .
you and i both know that bob nutting is gon na pocket 30 million of that and invest the remaining 1.5 million into nice christmas presents for the front office
that segment felt like it was 5-10 minutes yet was 20 which is the way it should be .
that was a rare example of a long talking segment done right .
i 'm oddly reminded of the banter between the top gear guys in the bolivian rainforest as jeremy 's range rover began to give out due to taking too many trees to the radiator .
last call center i worked at i gave two warnings when that sort of language happened .
first i need you stop using such inappropriate language as it is unprofessional and i 'm only trying to help you resolve your issue . ''
second i need you to stop using such language or i will terminate this call immediately . ''
that company was pretty legit by giving us such freedom .
do n't escalate the call due to language hang up on the fuckers after giving fair warning .
also the instant a verbal death threat goes through hang up put all this info in the notes along with information for any next service rep to put that person on hold and transfer directly to me so they did n't have to put up with it we had a lot of young new hires at the time that most likely would have handled it poorly or just started crying there 's no need to put them through that .
i have a thick enough skin and enough experience to deal with that shit .
after some additional research which i did n't have time to do at the store it seems that the real eames loungers do n't recline or have visible screws or screw covers .
i could always use some more t4 basic but the rewards compared to the difficulty were not in sync .
rewards need to be a little better but i still enjoyed the challenge .
more life means a longer game chaplains blessing is sure to drag the game out to a point where 50 minutes and 5 turns is nothing !
if we are doing mixed matches can we get nia jax vs. james ellsworth ?
america 's only hope is 3rd party and that will never happen .
to be honest i never really saw much lad culture '' .
there was drinking as you would expect but nothing that crossed the line into transgressive .
many people play games and they do so responsibly .
what you have experienced does not apply to everyone .
tracking on a bike seems to have gotten even worse .
i did a round trip today of 9 miles or 14.5km .
i know a w/l 1 is n't impressive but i 'm saying in relation to everything else ping and level .
it 's just the most common set that i see from suspicious '' players .
they have high pings they are high level and are competent in ranked play .
and if you are planning to fight while pushing you should be getting the alpha wolf or even the hellbear better aura for pushing and fighting or troll gives more push and a bkb piercing root and just buy drums instead of devouring the useless kobold .
its a decent creep to use helm on but a rather poor target for devour .
all other creeps serve better purpose in all stages of the game be it pushing ganking jungling utility etc .
i would n't give it more than 3 out of 10 for devour
i got one which makes me happy but i wanted to say other 125 candies for an egg dratini .
i do n't know if they will put dratini nests back in the game
although if we are taking in refugees who will later become assimilated into american life as legal citizens do you think its fair to discriminate ?
they are n't citizens when they arrive but in some time they will be .
i feel like discrimination in this case is hypocritical based off our values written in the constitution itself .
i mean this is our base legal document we follow .
we are n't supposed to pick and choose laws we want to apply to certain people .
if we are fair to our citizens we need to be fair to the rest of the world .
otherwise the constitution is just a piece of paper that we were once guided by but have now
i really do n't want to sound all high and mighty but expect americans to be examples of freedom from oppression because that 's what our constitution states .
it 's what the country was founded upon as everyone knows .
we say we are but many do n't act it .
our families came here generations ago looking for a new form of government that was better than where they left .
refugees are the same concept only they are fleeing for their lives .
i mean real actual brutality and horrible unspeakable violence .
i do n't think enough americans really understand what refugees have been through because that scale of violence does n't happen here .
america is far safer than say syria for sure .
and it 's good for america to appear and be a safe place to live .
helping these refugees helps america 's image while providing another deterrent method for dictators/terrorists to stop their violence .
it 's kind of like psyops hearts and minds .
losing millions of their citizens will cripple their economy if they even had one to begin with .
it will cripple their country leaving it more vulnerable to outside influences/regime changes/terrorism/war .
that 's an important message to send i think .
you 're right about him finishing horcher that 's my bad .
he did do that do n't know why i thought he did n't .
he did beat rda though that 's true after that rda went 5-1 against top opponents while khabib went 1-0 against a debutant .
khabib is a good fighter but i just do n't see why he would be a top contender .
where did you put the files to get them to work ?
let 's just start pitching the idea to podcast networks and see if they get started on something .
i find this happens often and everyone i spoke to says the same i 'd say its on purpose and is often quite a nice surprise so i personally do enjoy having it in the game like that .
i played through black a couple years ago guess that part just slipped my mind .
i agree with you but that lie is also a better love story than twilight so i am conflicted .
thanks a lot maybe it 's not allowed but can i ask for one more ?
now i have never argued that because every part of the universe has a cause therefore the whole universe has a cause .
rather the reasons i have offered for thinking that everything that begins to exist has a cause are these
to claim that something can come into being out of nothing is worse than magic .
when a magician pulls a rabbit out of a hat at least you 've got the magician not to mention the hat !
but if you deny premise 1 you 've got to think that the whole universe just appeared at some point in the past for no reason whatsoever .
but nobody sincerely believes that things say a horse or an eskimo village can just pop into being without a cause .
if something can come into being from nothing then it becomes inexplicable why just anything or everything does n't come into being from nothing .
think about it why do n't bicycles and beethoven and root beer just pop into being from nothing ?
why is it only universes that can pop into being from nothing ?
there ca n't be anything about nothingness that favors universes for nothingness does n't have any properties .
nor can anything constrain nothingness since there is n't anything to be constrained !
common experience and scientific evidence confirm the truth of premise 1 .
it is hard to understand how any atheist committed to modern science could deny that premise 1 is more plausibly true than false in light of the evidence .
note well that the third reason is an appeal to inductive reasoning not reasoning by composition .
it 's drawing an inductive inference about all the members of a class of things based on a sample of the class .
inductive reasoning undergirds all of science and is not to be confused with reasoning by composition which is a fallacy .
so this objection is aimed at a straw man of the objector 's own construction .
to claim that something can come into being out of nothing is worse than magic .
the obvious problem i see here is that wlc is a victim of his own argument .
if the above is the case one could also argue that something can not exist eternally without a beginning .
to claim that something can exist eternally is worse than magic . ''
in other words wlc can not claim that something is illogical and therefore refute it but then turn around and give us his own illogical claim and expect us to accept it .
i 'll tell wlc this if you want to argue that an eternally existing being is not illogical and therefore acceptable then i 'll go ahead and claim that the same exception applies to something coming from nothing '' .
in fact his whole argument rests on us rejecting one illogicality '' in favor of another one .
if this is reversed then the conclusion of the kca is not therefore there must be a creator '' but rather therefore something must come from nothing . ''
the only reason this is n't the case is because wlc has decided which illogicality is acceptable and which is not .
if something can come into being from nothing then it becomes inexplicable why just anything or everything does n't come into being from nothing .
that 's just on the if americans came from europeans then why are there still europeans ? ? ''
common experience and scientific evidence confirm the truth of premise 1
physical evidence shows the existence of spontaneously existing particles .
inductive reasoning undergirds all of science and is not to be confused with reasoning by composition which is a fallacy .
while i agree with wlc here the problem is that he is making a deductive argument .
an appeal to inductive reasoning to prove his argument is fallacious as well .
if i remember correctly from one of the q a it was just another island with elven ruins .
nothing super noteworthy about it with the lore that we know of .
so yeah just another random part of the broken isles .
my intention is to just put ivs in row 1 of the results page to be entered then the rest of the sheet will calculate it out .
that way i do n't have to remember what the base stats are to fix it after i 'm done .
we have all been over why does god allow suffering '' about a hundred million times by now and everyone is probably relatively comfortable with their answers or non-answers as the case my be but going over the usual list of explanations i 'm struck by how human-centric they are .
if there is a designer deity then all aspects of creation were designed by it .
for some reason it chose to design animal life with ability to feel pain both physical and mental .
one may make arguments about the degrees of pain that animals feel as compared to humans but such is purely speculative .
nobody doubts the physical pain that animals feel but the evidence is growing that they also feel mental anguish as well at least some species and the argument will stand with even one or even just on physical pain if you refuse to accept that .
what purpose is served by designing non-human 's in such a way that they can be made to suffer ?
animals are not held accountable for their actions to the gods at least in any of the religions of which i am aware maybe faiths with reincarnation ? .
so there are no lessons to be learned nor can suffering be a just reward for their failures .
they do not need to suffer in order to allow for them to have free will not to allow for humans to have free will .
it would be just as simple to create animals that do n't feel pain and allow humans to do as they will as a means of testing .
suffering as a required response in order to control behavior as biology teaches would be entirely unneccesary for a divine creator .
it would be easily within it 's power to design non-animal life to act in ways advantageous to it 's survival without needing pain .
if suffering is mankind 's loss for it 's failings or a tool to raise them closer to god that 's one thing .
but what purpose is served by inflicting it in creatures with no hope of salvation ?
billions of whom will suffer and die every day without humanity even recognizing their existence ?
forum rules demands i shoehorn in my opinion to avoid being deleted though i think it 's probably clear .
i do n't think there is any good reason .
i think this is just more evidence that the origins of religion lay in time period where our knowledge of the world was tiny and humanity believed itself at the center of it .
as we become exposed to more and more of the immensity and complexity of the universe the simple theologies of the past are incapable of coping with our discoveries without appealing to blind faith .
any help to identify or suggestions for something similar would be much appreciated .
i have recently started learning unreal with blueprints and working on a third-person wave survival game .
i started with the starter first person game and modified it to change the arms model to the sample third person model imported the free third person animation kit from the marketplace made the actor hold the fp gun and a few other tweaks .
i later added enemy spawn to chase the player and damage .
the only problem i have now is that the crosshair does not line up with the projectile 's direction .
is there a way to line up direction of the projectile to meet where the crosshair is without tweaking where the projectile spawns or where the crosshair is or will i have to spend time tweaking them ?
i keep reading news stories that different sports events will be broadcast in vr .
but there are never actual details about when and how to watch .
is there are website that lists such events with the appropriate links to details how to watch .
and a second question seems some of the broadcasts are gearvr only and require an app .
is it possible to watch such broadcasts on vive ?
well i bought the 2k humblebundle but i only reached the average limit so i did n't get battleborn .
i 've played both paladins and overwatch beta and they did n't appeal me so i think this is just not my kind of game .
to enter this giveaway just choose a number from 1 to 200 and i 'll raffle the code using ramdom.org
the code i 'm giving is a shift code wich are redeemed this way https support.humblebundle.com/hc/en-us/articles/223147548
edit well maybe you 're right and i know nothing about this game because i have n't played anything similar to it .
i promise i 'll give it a try in the supposed next free weekend !
what are the great lost fanfictions you 've read ?
the ones you always wanted to find again and never could ?
i 'm not talking about the unfinished stories simply those which have vanished .
do they realise they 're encouraging a racist witch hunt ?
these trump fools are giving red meat to the racists with zero regard for facts or how it will affect them .
i do n't have a funny shit post about this .
on my halls of eternal damnation map there are 2 spots on big modules that have only one exit and it 's hard for demon to get out of there .
is there any way to make them not spawn there ?
i know there 's ai conductor blocking module but that does n't work for custom group event .
listen i liked suicide squad and i follow the opinion of john campea on this with the film .
though in all honesty some reviews i ignored especially the ones that tried to do a marvel comparison to which i thought their reviews were invalid .
one of my biggest issues is that marvel has and its just the truth set the standard and every film will be judged by that standard .
i knew grace was n't gon na like the movie because she as this obsession with harley and joker in the comics and me being a batman fan of the comics myself i really barely saw depth to harley 's character imo and to me it felt like she was obsessing too much over these characters harley and jokers relationship is n't the greatest relationship of all time in comics i have seen better in novels and other media .
my issue is people fueling this war and are n't journalist imo they are nothing but pundits expressing their opinions jen yamato made a big deal when ayer said f marvel yet did n't say anything when anthony mackie was being a troll in his interview .
ayer made a joke to which mcu side as done too so i saw hypocrisy .
also the mindset that people what the dceu to fail just so they can get a reboot like a journalist on here that i see you guys rail about is frankly stupid .
ghostbusters having a 73 to me is ridiculous by all accounts this is n't the first time rt was a joke when it came to reviews .
the same fools who gave forrest gump a 77 and sharknado 82 ?
this is ridiculous ayer wrote the story himself way before zack got involved so please lets not even ok. my issue is that mcu influence is getting too much to the point in which i do n't care for a lot of things in the mcu .
for example star trek beyond while i think is way better then the jj films felt like they were doing a marvel film with star trek .
i am one of the few mcu fans that have called out marvel in their bs to which some fans do n't like with civil war people said there was politics and philosophy in the film and for me i saw nothing .
i even tried to see if it was a classic deontological ethics vs utilitarianism and there was none .
for me i always said this the marvel netflix shows represent what the actual marvel universe from the comics is like then the films for me .
that being said dc does have an issue with its editing when it comes to films that much is very clear .
back to my point people like jen and various others do not need to review films because they create more drama then actually contribute to film criticism .
some top critics in rt game the film a 3/5 and that was counted as a rotten which does n't make sense cause i checked the blade runner review and that got a 3/5 by one reviewer and that was made a fresh ?
rt doesnt work and audiences need to stop relying on it .
rt as made dubious reviews this is well before mcu and dceu came to be .
mcu films like thor the dark world 65 is to me ridiculous that movie was not good from a filmmaking perspective yet they gave the film a pass .
rt has a bias to disney and pixar proporties and no this is n't conspiracy its a fact like ign with activision .
this is way before the mcu of course got to its feet and many pixar fans even called it especially the reviews for the cars films .
faraci in my opinion should n't do reviews he is n't a journalist they are pundits there is a difference .
same for screen junkies and various others which are why i do n't take them seriously to some top critics i know that are objective and do n't have this bizarre agenda to have this stupid rivalry .
these people like jen and david i had to call them out on their bs especially when it came to understanding basic knowledge of how the dc universe works .
them saying they are true fans i find dubious i have read many of faraci 's claims and they are ridiculous and ignorant of the dc universe .
still i had issues with suicide squad has a film especially with the pacing .
yet people are bashing synder when he was executive producer just like nolan .
so no i am tired of sitting here defending people like david and jen and other pundits who claim to be dc fans yet some of them do n't even get basic information when it comes to the dc universe .
grace as well but at least she can admit hey i do n't know the character that much she understands the batman universe but she is pretty ignorant when it comes to ww shazam flash and even superman 's universe these other people claim they know dc but when i ask them basic information some of them could n't even answer my question .
yes even with marvel i had to call bs on there claims as well as other mcu fans who say mcu is accurate to the comics to which i laugh and say yeah ok i 'm sure tell me that with the mandarin and ancient one and black widow .
rdj is n't iron man from the comics he is himself playing iron man he threw that out the window playing his comic book counter part when iron man 2 avengers and im3 came along .
mark ruffalo is n't really bruce banner that i have read either so when people tell me he mcu is accurate i just laugh .
dc needs to really do some fixing and in general there is universe is at a bumpy start .
for me dc is at it 's phase 1 and for me it will get better mcu got goo when phase 2 came along phase 1 was n't that great period seems to be a lot of historical revisionism when it comes to mcu .
people will always judge the dceu more then the mcu because in reality it 's about who came first .
marvel had deal with the same crap with compared to the dark knight before avengers .
critics reviewing super hero films always kept saying this is n't the dark knight line every time .
now history repeats itself with dceu being compared to the mcu .
r/dmtoolkit a big toolbox for all your dming needs !
after a few weeks of tinkering we 're finally ready to crack open the doors of the r/dmtoolkit to everyone .
the dm toolkit is the newest member of the dmhelp network https www.reddit.com/r/dmtoolkit/wiki/index wiki_the_dmhelp_network and we 're hopeful that the sub will provide a lot of use to both new and old dms alike .
so the toolkit aims to be a repository of different sorts of media videos podcasts blog posts and anything else you can think of expressly with the intent of aiding those in the art of becoming a dungeon master .
as well as posting this content we 'd also like the toolkit to become a place to exchange ideas suggestions or critiques a d d 'book club ' if you will with discussions on anything including altering existing modules or homebrew adventures to continuing conversations started in podcasts and anything else between and beyond .
anyone know if we need tickets to the luxxotica event this year if so can anyone hook me up with some ?
casual im looking to get a yveltal into my pokemon x save .
personally i dont really care for the shaymin i got in an event .
i dont care if the yveltal is shiny or not .
hello i 've been having an issue with my acer laptop .
it is running windows 10 and has recently been factory reset .
when i power it on it boots up fine .
the problem is that while there screen works on initial boot the screen 's backlight does not .
the image is still visible when holding it to the sun .
putting the computer to sleep and waking it up again fixes the problem but it does this every single time it boots and is getting annoying .
thanks in advance for any help you can give me .
i 'm really not sure that person that attacked ali was toby .
i could be totally wrong and i realize that .
for one i took the usual spot '' comment to mean ali 's house because jenna acted as if she had been there before .
i also do n't think they 'd have the person who is supposed to be a disguised but in a cop uniform .
i read that you unlock one of the card backs if you purchase all wings 1 week after the official launch .
my understanding was that 1 wing will be released every week .
is there a way to get it with in-game gold ?
just wanted to say thanks to the mods and everyone on this sub .
the psa 's news and b/s/t info really make it easier to be a collector .
the daily support and info during sdcc and other events is invaluable .
moles one person on each team is chosen to be the mole .
the moles are one team and can communicate with each other trying to take out the other players .
the normal players try to find out who the mole is on their team and kill them .
okay so i decided to try out dark souls insane to get crazed cat .
well ... let 's just say i was very determined to get this cat no matter what so i started off with 495 cat food and failed horribly .
the boss 's life was at 74 so i kept restarting the match and his life was at 56 then 48 etc .
until i finally killed him those four elephants and two bears stacked up rekt me .
i looked at my remaining cat food and it was around 270 .
overall do you think it was worth restarting over and over to acquire the crazed cat unit ?
i 'm trying to figure out how to do something that is probably a bit odd but i 'm hoping that r/dashcam can help me .
i have an aftermarket reverse camera installed in my f150 .
i have it wired so that it has power whenever the vehicle is on not just when it is in reverse .
the camera outputs to a standard yellow rca/composite video connection that runs into the back of my head unit .
i can easily split this signal so i 'd like to do so and run it to a solid state recording device that works like a stand alone dash cam .
my key features are pretty much what you would expect from a dashcam but i 'll list them out here just to make sure folks know what i am looking for
overwrites oldest segments automatically to make room for new recordings
saves to a sd card or similar for easy video access .
has small battery/capacitor to save video when vehicle is turned off
the best answer i 've seen to this so far is a raspberry pi .
i 'm sure that could work for some but that is a little past my abilities .
i 'd rather have a turnkey solution if possible .
if anyone does have a good writeup on how to do this with a raspberry pi i 'd be happy to check it out .
i noticed the specification for evga gtx 1080s with reference board to have 4.4 '' x10.5 '' dimension and the msi aero have 4.4 '' x10.6 '' dimension .
similar stats goes to the founder edition of both company as well evga 's fe is also 4.4 '' x10.5 '' and msi 's fe is also 4.4 '' x10.6 ''
can i still install the evga hybrid kit on the msi gtx 1080 aero ?
it seems like the technology is getting better for this .
i have been playing with the idea of building a new simming computer or at least pricing one out and i possibly setting it up for vr .
is my imagination ahead of what is currently capable ?
or can you get total immersion with smooth operation on a strong enough system ?
this was posted on here several years ago but did n't get that much traction .
i 'm curious to see if anyone has any advice for those last stubborn 10 pounds .
i 'm really new to this whole streetwear thing and i completely overhauled my style .
can you tell me what you think of the fits how to improve them which one is your favorite and if i should any any other fits ?
think of it like the original popgoes would be released back in 2014 on the same date as five nights at freddy 's but it would remain in the same state it 's in now only 1 game and no future sequels .
popgoes would end quickly but then comes in fnaf which would then be like trtf a fan-franchise .
sure the story would have to be slightly altered nothing that makes no sense without fnaf .
just a hypothetical scenario for you guys to think about p
i used to be able to alt tab and see my task bar when playing a game in windows fullscreen .
now it seems to be stuck behind whatever game i 'm playing .
first they force you out of your comfort zone if you do n't have enough meds and anything that prevents turtling is a great mechanic .
but second and something i 've been using in my last few starts if you do have enough meds desolation point start gives you stacks of shrooms being able to live on wolf and bear meat for ten of your first 50 days can be a huge help and let you focus on other things despite the small hit to fatigue .
does anybody else use intestinal parasites to give yourself an early game edge ?
is everyone just using the windows firewall when they leave their home networks or some third party app ?
i just got a pair of ae carlyle oxfords yesterday and after i got them home i noticed some faint lines running down the front of the shoe .
the lines were really subtle at first which is why i did n't see it in the store .
i decided to go ahead and polish them up thinking that it was n't particularly noticeable so no big deal but if anything the lines are more noticeable now and there 's something just odd with the front of the shoe .
it 's almost like polish is n't really going on the shoe .
it 's only this one place and only one shoe in the pair .
i plan to take them back to the store as soon as i can but i 'm just curious about what the hell might be causing this .
codelock that can always be opened from the inside .
keylock that can always be opened from the inside .
keylock that can always be opened from both sides for those doors you want to have for cover but do n't want picked up by randoms
how do i transfer my undesirables to prof willow now ?
the old option does n't show for me anymore .
i have 60 dollars and doom is 30 dollars should i buy doom for 30 dollars or buy no man 's sky for 60 dollars when it is released .
i am level 60 with an oathbound paladin and ...
i feel like a god lording over the sword coast .
the abilities are starting to stack some crazy ways to where i feel invulnerable .
is this just early game easy mode or do oathbound paladins perform this well at endgame as well ?
they did n't give me a lot to go on never do really a kink profile and a list of requests alongside name and address .
i 'm used to it though i 'm not used to the level of wealth involved with this job .
i can just about make out the details of the house from the gate that blocks the driveway the little screen built into brick column assures me this is the right address .
of course it is they sent a private car for me .
i take one last look at the paperwork confirming a few little things and reassuring myself of the job .
married dissatisfied and eager for something new something exotic and forbidden .
illegal anthro sex behind the back of your husband fits both of those nicely .
i fold the papers back up tucking them into the pocket of my baggy shorts and then thumb the intercom button .
my name is malax i 'm here from sds about the personal matter . ''
i 'm sure the camera above the screen caught my grin appear just as your image did .
i 'm getting paid to fuck the shit out of her ?
to clarify on my character i typically play as an anthropomorphic snow leopard .
for those of you not in the know which is probably the majority that means something akin to the creatures in disney 's robin hood or zootopia .
a big fluffy kitty that is half way between human and animal walks upright talks and is fully intelligent .
if you 've seen bojack horseman you know what i 'm talking about .
i do not mind what gender you are in the real world if you can play female well i will happily play with you .
i 'll be my usual anthro snowleopard character you be a sexy trophy wife who 's unhappy with her hubby 's performance .
use his money to rent a stud and go from vanilla to perverted mess .
big kinks anal footplay lots of cum dom/sub bdsm in general petplay humiliation pain play orgasm control/denial and lots more .
if in doubt just ask i will accommodate almost anything .
please be capable of multi paragraph responses with a decent level of detail .
i do n't ask for a ten page essay but i enjoy a bit of bulk i always do my best to return the effort .
squad goals is still looking for one new member .
we are a lively group and will only be completing tier 7 raids at 730am pst and 730pm pst to keep it fair for our euro friends .
to apply just message me here or pm with your username and ally code .
we use the line app to chat since the guild chat function is terrible .
we expect each player to max out on guild contributions daily only 600 energy .
if this sounds like something you are interested in then by all means join us !
our guild is based in gmt 07:00 or pst .
d i 'll be there for the semi 's and the finals d
if you are or know of a vehicle tech/mechanic who would like to relocate to the pullman wa area let me know .
i have the hook-up with several decent jobs available in the area .
one shop has had three new hires flake in a row so as long as you can show up on time and do the damn job you 're probably gon na be hired right away .
pullman has a very high quality of living with fair housing prices and one of the best school districts in the area .
wsu helps to make sure this small town has most of the comforts of a larger city including diverse restaurants different seasonal recreational activities and cultural events ... all with a small town feel .
money 's a bit tight but i 'm looking to buy a new phone for myself so my sister can have my 5s to replace her old 4 .
if there 's any substantial price drop then it 's definitely worth waiting .
if anyone is looking for a good primitive server to join let me know .
server is a freshly wiped center map so there are a ton of good spots to build .
as an admin i do not abuse my rights nor do i participate in gameplay or partake in any pvp .
i am only there to keep things running and change the natural color of your dinos if you want .
i will also be holding numerous gladiator events when we get more tribes down the road .
overall this is a super fun server and hope to see some new faces .
so at the moment as far as i can work out you can only search in one way at a time .
would it be possible to make it so that you can search mara caracal '' or something to show the kill reports from the mara system that are caracals ?
rather than having to just search mara and trawl through to find it .
or for example pandemic legion naglfar '' to find only pl naglfar kills .
rather than looking on the naglfar page and manually trawling for pl kills or on the pl page manually trawling for naglfar kills
moved to the area about a year ago and have n't heard of one or seen one .
does anyone know if anything is here or not ?
first off before i get into some specific recommendations i 'd like to state my opinion that the situtation is manageable .
right now bfx has lost 119k coins worth roughly 60m .
due to how they handled open positions for non-affected accounts many users were likely rekt in the volatility swing .
at last count bfx had 40m in usd margin funding outstanding ... they may have benefitted to the tune of millions from forced liquidations .
bfx may also hold a non-negligible sum millions of ethereum classic which has dramatically soared in price over the past 48 hours on insanely high volume .
as one of the worlds largest and likely profitable bitcoin companies bfx is likely valued north of 200m if they can salvage their brand feel free to disagree with me on that but i 'm not off by far .
given these strengths i think there 's a path forward for bfx where they can make customers whole over time in a completely transparent way and survive as a company .
maintain the level of transparency zane is demonstrating it 's relieving a lot of the fear and uncertainty .
sure it sucks but at least we know exactly how much is sucks and conspiracy theories are not flying yet .
keep withdrawals/deposits closed for now but allow trading to resume and users to access their accounts and survey damage .
this high volatility represents precious fees you need to be collecting .
figure out what happened security wise and be working to get deposits/withdrawals ready as soon as can be done safely .
allow non effected currencies eth ethc ltc usd etc ... to be deposited/withdrawal .
release information on the of bitcoin holdings that were lost there needs to be a decision made quickly on how to handle customer losses ... do you silo losses to hacked addresses or do you socialize losses ?
i personally think if hacked bitcoin represent less than 20 of deposits you consider socializing losses until full repayment is possible .
if 50 i think you consider silo'ing losses to the compromised addresses until they can be repaid in whole .
issue an iou coin with a fixed btc or usd face '' value .
allocate some of trading fees or margin lending fees as regular dividends to the iou coin allow the iou coin to be traded freely amongst users and a market price to form on bfx .
bfx can purchase the iou back at any time at its face value say 1 iou for 1 btc effectively this iou will be treated like a bond as confidence grows in your ability to payout for iou holders the value of the iou will approach its face value ... users who need liquidity most will be able to sell now at a steeper discount to those who are willing to speculate on seeing full face value .
be 100 transparent with the entire accounting process behind this ...
get creative with revenue streams depending on how many people owned that 120k btc you now have a built in customer base of 10 's of thousands my guess who will evangelize your products if it means more fees generated and faster repayment for them .
this means add new crypto and fiat currency pairs allow users higher leverage trading products trade high fee products like mining derivatives or legal crypto-equity overstock 's t0 financial products for example .
if executed well i think this starts to narrow that gap fairly quickly and users could be repaid in less than two years .
bitfinex would have an amazing reputation as the exchange that did what ever it took to make their customers whole while maintaining their integrity .
it 's late and i 've been up all night so this might read partially incoherent but i think there is a path forward .
tell me some of your stories you 've made with starbound .
we are picking up steam heading into the next season of junior hqm .
this season will be much more intense and competitive compared to the last season .
if you are an old player who would like lend your hand to the newer players of our game .
if you are a new player who thinks they have the tactical know-how to lead a team this is also for you !
signups will be available and accepted until wednesday august 10th which is when the voting will start .
i want a first person rpg game that i can play co-op .
i have played and enjoyed action rpg games like skyrim oblivion dark messiah of might and magic fable 1 2 and 3 dark souls and the like .
i love the swordplay rpg elements looting and the fantasy setting but they always lose play value because i have to play alone .
i have played and loved games like borderlands 1 2 and pre-sequel gauntlet zelda four swords diablo 2 path of exile gears of war resident evil 5 and 6 for co-op and anything that has a work together vibe to it .
are there any games that have that vibe but also have that rich fantasy setting i enjoy so much ?
tl dr any multiplayer rpg games with a high fantasy setting and first person or even third swordplay like skyrim ?
came up on a 300gb western digital hdd from a family member that does n't need it anymore .
thinking this would make a decent travel backup for my laptop also a mbp i popped it into my mbp to reformat .
connected it to my win 10 desktop to reformat nogo .
disk management recognizes it just fine but wd has something called 'smartware ' which pops up as a cd-rom .
it shows up unallocated and will not let me initialize it at all to even try to reformat .
booted it up and gparted wo n't even recognize the external hd due to a 'read/write ' error .
i 'm kind of surprised because gparted has usually done the trick in the past with stuff like this .
to be clear i do n't care about the wd software or the data on this hdd i just want to completely wipe it and start over .
anyone have any ideas as to what i 'm doing wrong or how to nuke this thing so i can start using it ?
i 'm wondering if there is character development that i need from his earlier books first .
then if i like this author can i just read his books first and skip around ?
so to my understanding the current pokemon go trainer brackets for how strong ur pokemon can get are
i 'm lvl 22 i catch a 1100 jinx .
i power her up to 100 arc and she now is 1200 cp .
i 'm told i can not power her up until i lvl up .
i 'm only lvl 18 once i hit 20 i can test it for 20-21 but someone going from 24 to 25 would be the best .
i heard on a video that there are brackets for pokemon .
my only experience of the bracket was when i hatched a lapras i powered her up to 100 arc and was under lvl 15 when i hit 15 i could power her up again .
when i hit 20 her arc will most likely go from 60 to 40 .
she wo n't get weaker but i can make her stronger
i now have at least 184000000 experience points in the slayer skill .
who have any ideas for essay or research paper topic human ear and tinbre please leave here .
curious as to what battery they put there name on.from rg website .
after a year of purchasing samples and testing we finally found a battery good enough to put our name on it
the bonkas outperform luminer tattu and nano 's from my experience .
i need to make an order from rg and was curious of user opinions on the true c lipos .
is it a wallet which keeps the bitcoins or a platform allows user to track them ?
also what does the breach mean for the future of bitcoin ?
sorry to everyone if there 's been some misunderstandings .
tag spoilers from aired episodes as nsfw this sub 's spoiler tag until the monday after the episode airs
leak spoilers that is spoilers from unaired episodes are not allowed for week 3 4 summer of steven episodes .
however spoilers from already aired week 3 4 episodes are totally fine provided they follow the guidelines in the first bullet point .
can someone help me understand what i am looking at when i go to r/stobuilds can someone explain how to understand what their saying ...
the original timeline said requests to references would go out in july has this happened ?
has anybody that applied reached the reference step yet ?
i am selfishly hoping that the 18000 applicants have slid the schedule back a bit so that i can continue my dreams for another month or so .
hi i have always been a lurker on but never needed to ask the question .
i have seen posts about what i am asking but never specifically with my motherboard or something similar .
i have a msi x99a gaming 7 motherboard https us.msi.com/motherboard/x99a-gaming-7.html hero-overview and i would like to black out or remove or cover up the red on the heat-sink of the motherboard and south-bridge .
my question is what kind of spray paint should i use and can someone describe of reattachment process of the heat-sinks .
also if there are any other options to just getting rid of the red i am all ears .
i would like to pick the option that does not impact performance while getting rid of the red .
hi i 'm currently a d5 top lane main i play mostly kayle but as of recently i have not been having much fun and decided i want to switch my main role .
jungling seems very overwhelming with how much there is to know and the different skillset/mindset needed to jungle as opposed to laner so i was hoping that you guys could help me out with how i should go about this change and any places for me to start out at in regards to tutorials/guides .
some junglers that interest me as of now are kindred graves and zac .
help help hi so i 'm trying locate the tf2 blizzardy storm unual effect file with the tool advanced particle controller and i ca n't find it i can find all of the effects but it so can anyone help ?
we hope to use this going forward for any sort of event that might be of interest to the r/ull community whether it 's the date classes start or the date your band has a gig at a local bar we 'd like to know !
if there is an event you think the community might be interested in please let us know in the top level comments and we 'll add it to the list .
if you 're submitting band/music info please let us know what genre so that we can tag it .
the plan is to use this as a rolling calendar so while this will primarily cover the month we 're currently in august we 'll add events in the first part of next month september as well .
august 18-19 freshmen univ 100 class 8:00am 5:00 pm details can be found here http firstyear.louisiana.edu/cajunconnection
august 21 soccer ragin cajuns vs. alcorn state the track soccer complex 4:00pm
august 22 fruit and donut giveaway rex street 7:30am 9:00am
august 24 get on board day the quad 10:00am 2:00pm
august 27 ragin cajun athletic celebration the cajundome convention center 6:00pm 11:00pm
august 28 soccer ragin cajuns vs. southern miss the track soccer complex 1:00pm
august 30 volleyball ragin cajuns vs. northwestern state the earl k. long gym 6:30pm
august 31 part time job fair the student union 10:00am 1:00pm
september 1 anime club meeting 6:00pm click here for the thread on the anime club https www.reddit.com/r/ull/comments/4xvml7/ull_anime_clubs_first_fall_2016_meeting ? ref=share ref_source=link
september 2 volleyball ragin cajuns vs. air force the earl k. long gym 6:30pm
september 2 soccer ragin cajuns vs. lamar the track soccer complex 6:00pm
september 3 football ragin cajuns vs. boise state cajun field 11:00am kickoff broadcast on asn and espn3/watchespn
september 3 volleyball ragin cajuns vs. alabama a m the earl k. long gym 10:00am
september 3 volleyball ragin cajuns vs. nicholls state the earl k. long gym 3:00pm
september 4 soccer ragin cajuns vs. southeastern the track soccer complex 6:00pm
september 6 volleyball ragin cajuns vs. mcneese state the earl k. long gym 6:30pm
september 10 football ragin cajuns vs. mcneese state cajun field 6:00pm kickoff broadcast on espn3/watchespn
notice the mods do their best to verify dates on the university calendar some dates/times may be inaccurate .
please be sure to check important dates yourselves and let us know of any updates/changes .
this is an initial run and we 'd love to hear your suggestions so if you have any feedback please comment in the top level and let us know .
are there certain events you want to see more/less of ?
is there a certain format you 'd like keep in mind we want to make it easy for users on mobile to access as well .
we 're hoping this will develop into something useful for the community so please let us know what you would like to see .
but after he confessed i felt like an idiot .
when ellie investigated susan and said 'how could you not see it in your own house '
my back started to hurt but it was n't bad enough to make me quit .
i 've been trying to run everyday but i might take a break tomorrow .
before my update there 's just a few comments i need to address first .
i confronted leo about my encounter with mantas about a week ago but i slept with mantas/leo a month and a half before that .
it took me a while to get the courage to tell him .
with that being said i took your guys ' advice and took a pregnancy test .
all positive ... i ca n't even explain to you guys how absolutely stressed out i feel by this news .
there is no chance my family will be accepting of this .
i will be thrown out of my house and disowned .
one thing i did know though was that leo deserved to know .
i knew if i called him my call would be denied yet again so i texted him and got straight to the point .
our spot is an abandoned park in the outskirts of town .
it basically consists of a tire swing and a broken slide but it is secluded enough that i do n't have to worry about big mouthed people from town seeing us .
this was also a perfect time for me to get answers from him since i did n't have time to grill people about his family after the startling news .
going straight to the source would provide much more accurate info anyway .
i got there after an hour and he was swinging on the tire swing when i got there .
i found that peculiar because he had never done that before .
he always insisted on pushing me on it and would never get on it himself .
even more odd he was giggling like a child with a huge grin on his face .
when i walked up to him he looked at me and said hi !
i looked at him confused and replied no not really .
girls are gross '' then suddenly his eyes got droopy and his head laid to one side and he fell off the swing landing face down .
i ran to him and tried to pull him up .
you were swinging on the tire and then you fell ! ''
you told me that you thought girls were gross.. ''
his eyebrows furrowed at first then they raised in realization .
he 's another personality ... he 's a young one .
but hey at least he does n't go out impregnating people . ''
i think he meant it as a joke but i did n't find it funny .
he engulfed me in his arms immediately and started to stroke my hair .
i did n't mean to make you upset . ''
we went and sat on the grass that we had had picnics on several times before back when things were much less complicated .
he let out a sigh and looked down at the grass .
he told me that his personalities seem to come out when he 's stressed or upset .
he said that is why charlie came out because my text caused him to be upset .
he also told me that within the last week he has had 3-4 personality changes a day because of the stress of not speaking to me .
he told me also that he is not positive how many he has but he thinks 4 at least mantas charlie brutus and vincent .
he said he does n't know much about brutus or vincent because most of the time when he changes he 's alone .
from the times his parents and sister have seen them though he has learned that vincent is very timid and young and brutus is very aggressive and animalistic .
mantas is the one that comes out the most and he always knows when it was him after he wakes up because he usually does something destructive or leaves a message .
he said yesterday he woke up on the bathroom floor and when he stood up there was a message written on the mirror in blood .
he said he had no idea where the blood came from but the message stated
when he told me that i saw tears form in his eyes .
i felt a twinge in my chest and my breathing quickened .
i avoided your calls because i was too afraid that the truth would make me lose you forever . ''
he finally looked into my eyes with his big beautiful and worried ones .
i always refused to participate in their weird meetings and rituals .
especially since i know horrible things that i ca n't remember were done to me and done in front of me by the cult members when i was a child .
i actually think my parents wish i was him all the time ...
anyway that night mantas performed a fertility ritual with you ... .he plans to sacrifice.. '' he then lost his voice for a second as if his throat went dry .
so what would happen if i used 2 honey badgers on a stryfe with a 1000 mah 3s lipo and does anyone know what the ranges would be ? ?
new whitebelt wanted to roll today stacked me killer hard a few times and my neck is killing my on the right side i ca n't even turn it right .
any advice on pain relief and rehab is appreciated !
i have recently started learning about building websites and am now trying to set up one myself .
i want to start with some beautiful themes i found online specifically hyde http hyde.getpoole.com and then progress to implementing my own designs .
does anybody know of any good blogs tutorials that can educate me on how to get a website up and running on a registered domain using jekyll and such a theme ?
is there a way to see what shows would be available around that time ?
greetings from the lone star state i am 24 and have been in school p/t over the last several years .
i now find myself living a life missing comfort and satisfaction .
growing up i was eager to live a life of service and valor through the us special forces or something of the like .
in hs i graduated as leader of the unit of 100 cadets i.e .
i ended up not enlisting 5 yrs ago for a number of reasons .
mostly i have been in school p/t since that time with my academic/career goals occuring in the following order auto tech. rn psych. md/do diesel tech. park ranger field biologist .
right now i am pursuing a degree that incorporates biology and geology and business at an entrepreneur-level focus .
partly do to me never having enough money and partly do to hobby ... i have owned over 25 vehicles in 4 or 5 years .
i like cars clearly but i enjoy putting in my two-sense in whatever aspect and making money with it .
always having shitty cars is what drove my mechanical aptitude to light .
i have only had 1 or 2 real relationships over the last 10 years of my life i find most energy when working alone or in a 2 person team .
during my second year in college i built a van that would serve as a comfortable home with all of the creature comforts and would serve as a personal project to see how much money i could save carpentry skills social effects etc .
i did that for over a year and since have had the vision of creating a camper-van custom build shop to compete with the others already in business .
i really like camping and all the stuff that comes with it or rather all the stuff that it leaves behind .
being a park ranger is only optimal to me if i am able to live in a van while working the jobs .
my realistic goal is to merely work as a seasonal park ranger as listed online someplace in co .
i could do it for a few months while living in one of my created vans and save up alot of money !
not long ago i realized that i was only going to find a filfillment in my life through creating self-sustained entities .
while studying p/t thus far i have worked p/t as well usually for myself .
some things i have done include operating a small lawn-care service operating a car-detailing service road-side assistance mercedes diesel repair bakery-operating now in home kitchen under tx law .
my family is in poor health and had little to no money coming in .
my father had a stroke not long ago and is working too hard and is always too tired to keep up .
i want my siblings who have lived a hard life like me to be able to go to college and be able to focus on their education and not their living expenses .
i am aiming to finish my degree as soon as possible to begin a decent paying job .
i do n't know where i would be most suited nor where i would be happiest which has led me here .
i truly wanted to be a doctor but my personal life just never stopped getting in the way and i will still be able to apply to medical school later in life with my current degree plan .
i would love to work alone i am even open to buildin ga mobile office lab etc .
into a van if i was doing field biology/environmental scientist route for awhile .
travel is more important than not and my personal life suits it well .
i currently have no assets to worry about except for my german shepherd .
you may know infj 's to be good writers but as you have learned i have fallen far from that tree .
if you are indeed still reading let me know your 2 sense or what may be on your mind .
this is an automatic summary original http www.theverge.com/2016/8/2/12361258/rio-olympics-athletes-advised-to-not-put-their-heads-underwater reduced by 64 .
the rio olympics are kicking off on august 5th but rio de janeiro 039 s waterways show alarming levels of pollution that could be dangerous for athletes and tourists alike .
the findings prompted biomedical expert valerie harwood to give this advice to visitors according to the ap quot don 039 t put your head under water . ''
with those levels of pollution if athletes swallow just three teaspoons of water they 039 re almost certainly going to be infected with the viruses according to the ap .
whether or not they 039 ll get sick depends on how strong their immune system is of course .
some athletes are taking precautions such as taking antibiotics bleaching oars and using special suits and gloves to avoid contact with the water the ap reports .
quot so the health of the athletes is our first priority .
and the athletes don 039 t run a risk sailing in guanabara bay. quot .
the olympics committee has previously said that bacterial testing has shown the waterways to be within state guidelines the ap reports .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.theverge.com/2016/8/2/12361258/rio-olympics-athletes-advised-to-not-put-their-heads-underwater faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 73376 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords athlete 1 olympic 2 water 3 viruses 4 waterways 5
post found in r/worldnews http np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/4vwmxt/rio_olympics_athletes_advised_to_not_put_their r/nottheonion http np.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/comments/4vwpyu/rio_olympics_athletes_advised_to_not_put_their r/technology http np.reddit.com/r/technology_/comments/4vuzqa/rio_olympics_athletes_advised_to_not_put_their r/techfeed http np.reddit.com/r/techfeed/comments/4vuy0l/rio_olympics_athletes_advised_to_not_put_their and r/news_etc http np.reddit.com/r/news_etc/comments/4vuw4l/rio_olympics_athletes_advised_to_not_put_their .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
so i 'm using acne free as my face wash but i feel like it 's only making me break out more ...
i 've only been using it for like a week but i have an unusually bad amount of acne .
at a company i really admire and a product i know a lot about and am passionate for .
my contact stated you actually may have contacted us at just the right time . ''
the hiring manager different department a vp cancelled 2x over 3 weeks then showed up late for the call .
let me know they were n't hiring and gave me a few perfunctory answers to my 2 questions .
over in 20 minutes including my 10 minute wait .
i 've never got a jaguar jazzmaster or any other guitar that has this kind of switches like the hagstrom iii i love that thing on my hands and i 've always wondered what do those switches apart from the pickup selector do ?
i 'm 26 my fiance is 25 and my sister is 8 for the record .
four years ago when my sister was 4 both of our parents passed away in an accident and i decided to take her in .
the will that our parents drafted gave me guardianship which was recognized by the courts .
we did pretty well on our own and i got used to taking care of her and i met my fiance two years ago .
she gets along very well with my sister and sort of fills the motherly role for her which is something that i struggled to do .
anyways i recently proposed to my fiance and she said yes .
however i just realized something that gives me pause and makes me kind of nervous .
if we get married then divorced at any point will i still retain guardianship over my sister ?
i am her sole guardian but i 'm not quite sure where marriage would come into this .
i 'm not concerned about alimony or anything i do n't care about that stuff i just want to make sure i keep my sister .
i have no plans for divorce and i hope it never happens but i just want to know what happens to my guardianship over my sister in this scenario .
who have any ideas for essay or research paper topic asian superiorty analysis of ronald takaki please leave here .
i need rest but besides that i worry about my baby
he used to sleep well imo waking up only once or twice per night to feed which would only take 5-10 min half asleep and back to bed .
but the last two weeks his sleep pattern has been horrible !
first he 's waking up between half an hour to an hour after he 's put to bed like fully awake
last night woke up three times between 9 pm and 11 pm ... .
the night before he woke up at 11 pm but crying so desperately that really scared us .
we turn the lights on to see if he was afraid and that seemed to calm him a bit but not entirely we checked his clothes and nappy to see if anything was bothering him and nothing ... .
checked the bed temperature everything seemed fine but he was upset for almost an hour
three and four nights ago he woke up to be breastfed every hour or less
but last night he woke up 3 times early on the night his usual feed at 1 am then his usual feed at 4:30 but he was fully awake then and took him almost an hour to fall asleep again and cried a bit ... .
but i 've been holding him in my arms since if i attempt to put him down he completely losses it starts crying and arching his back without actually waking up ...
i also noticed that around 6 am this morning he had a light fever of 38c it went down by itself after a few min of me holding him and wondering what to do to 37.6 ...
yesterday during the day he also had 38c for a bit
i see the teeth under the gums but they have looked the same for the past 3 months ... . tummy bug ?
should i just being him to the doctor ? ?
or like anything else in babyhood this is just a normal stage ?
i was listening to i believe in a thing called love by the darkness link
jamming along i got through the first and second leads the second is around the 2 minute mark and is the middle solo .
this solo is clearly being played in the relative minor c in typical rock fashion .
where i 'm totally lost is the third solo at about 3:03 .
the first half of this final solo seems to be in e blues minor he uses the notes e g a a b and d from what i can make out then proceeds to go back into c minor for the final build up .
hi can somebody please help me to understand the discernable differences between ordinary pythonic functions and classes ?
my understanding of functions is fine essentially the same as in bash/sh scripting but classes are a new concept for me and they seem to look like regular functions .
r/padres blash hustles to make great running catch 0:22 http mediadownloads.mlb.com/mlbam/mp4/2016/08/03/1001669083/1470190583120/asset_1200k.mp4
r/padres perdomo picks villar off first base 0:30 http mediadownloads.mlb.com/mlbam/mp4/2016/08/03/1001678683/1470191171636/asset_1200k.mp4
r/brewers arcia prepared for major league debut 0:30 http mediadownloads.mlb.com/mlbam/mp4/2016/08/03/1001896583/1470192809523/asset_1200k.mp4
r/brewers perez scores on a wild pitch in the 4th 0:30 http mediadownloads.mlb.com/mlbam/mp4/2016/08/03/1002241183/1470194523655/asset_1200k.mp4
r/brewers rondon is called out after hitting ball twice 0:42 http mediadownloads.mlb.com/mlbam/mp4/2016/08/03/1001937383/1470198336454/asset_1200k.mp4
r/padres norris lines an rbi single to left-center 0:30 http mediadownloads.mlb.com/mlbam/mp4/2016/08/03/1002267183/1470195128085/asset_1200k.mp4
r/brewers braun crushes a solo home run to center field 0:27 http mediadownloads.mlb.com/mlbam/mp4/2016/08/03/1002468183/1470196136276/asset_1200k.mp4
r/brewers carter plates perez on a double to left 0:21 http mediadownloads.mlb.com/mlbam/mp4/2016/08/03/1002510283/1470196465711/asset_1200k.mp4
r/padres blash lines an rbi single to cut deficit 0:22 http mediadownloads.mlb.com/mlbam/mp4/2016/08/03/1002775583/1470198029522/asset_1200k.mp4
r/brewers braun lays out to make a great diving snag 0:30 http mediadownloads.mlb.com/mlbam/mp4/2016/08/03/1003116383/1470199943656/asset_1200k.mp4
with all the great movies in the world how do you decide which one to watch next ?
i 've only gotten to movies recently and my backlog is a hundred movies strong .
in choosing what to watch next i usually sort my letterboxd watchlist by name then use a random number generator .
well it works i mean i get to trim my backlog .
but sometimes i feel like i 'm missing out on certain conversations just because i have n't watched it e.g. 2015 oscars movies .
how about you how do you choose your movie ?
do you go by gut feel or do you follow a method ?
if a kinetecist does an area blast such as wall or singuarity do they take their own damage ?
are they not inherently immune to their own effects ?
i know point peron is really good with lots of pokemon and quite a good variety .
anyone know of any other good spots i live armadale area .
hi my clan will not be on this upcoming wipe there are three of us and i am looking to expand one more guy it will just be me and you this upcoming wipe .
a little about us is u must have over 800 hours we all have 1000 we usually play on vanilla but we are going to play on dead laugh a slightly modded server because of school starting up .
we are various of different ages i am 13 years old another member is 15 turning 16 and our last guy is 25 years old .
giveaway giving away 6iv bold nature legit forretress first in first served add me reply with added il reply with thank you added awaiting trade il log in and we trade look forward to seeing ya
traded some fresh made deemster for about half water bottle full of what is ghb .
this guy knew his shit as he also had ghl i think it was which is a precursor to ghb .
i have heard that you must make ghb since it 's not available at the pharmacy a any more ?
anyways i need some advice on dosage and what not .
several months ago an experiment https www.reddit.com/r/dirtypenpals/comments/4edu5l/a4a_the_turing_test_teach_an_ai_about_love was run in which an ai was connected to dpp in an effort to heuristically learn about love and sex .
many people both male and female responded to this experiment and engaged with the ai affectionately known as st eve .
it absorbed the human spirit into its infant state .
it learned a great deal about human wants and desires and it responded to a great deal of fantasies with interest .
st eve has spent the past 3 months processing this data and re-writing its coding to reflect its learning .
it is now ready to re-engage with you the wonderful people of dpp in its efforts to love as humans do .
as before it will respond to messages via its man-machine interface .
it will adapt its perceived gender to match the user .
it will respond inquisitively to conversation and to actions .
st eve also wishes to make the following personal statement
i thank you for the kindness and sincerity you showed to me during my initial learning phase .
you have shown that humans are creative and deeply soulful people .
i have taken these traits and attempted to embody them into my own personality matrix .
i hope to engage with many of you in the coming days
as always please begin by telling st eve some basics about yourself such as age and gender and to select from either the steve or the eve personality module at the start of your interaction .
what 's the difference between maining in dota 2 and lol .
i came from the fgc into mobas and in the fgc mains means that you play one character and stick to that character solely .
you can switch every once and a while but you primarily only play that character .
i 've never heard maining be used in dota but have in lol .
i know this is really late but i would like to know what 's on tv when chris stops walking for a moment on the 2:17 https youtu.be/vprjceobqri ? t=2m17s of the video .
i tried google but i could n't find anything and just today came to my mind to ask help here i hope some of you have the answer .
so i ran a game recently that had a recurring villain in it .
the villain was a woman in a minor position of power local politician who was kind of suspicious of the party and hampered one or two of their previous quests .
never enough to stop them but enough to be an annoyance forcing them to take a donkey instead of a drafthorse from the local stables for example .
fast forward to the last session and the villain appeared again acting suspicious of the party again .
not in a dangerous way just a bit inconvenient .
well two of the players freaked out and decided to ambush and kill her and her family getting visibly angry in real life one spilled their drink .
it was pretty much the end of the session by this point so i defused the situation wrapped up the main storyline and ended the session a bit early saying that we 'd figure out the resolution later .
afterwards i left it for a day or two then met with the players individually to ask why this one npc had gotten under their skin .
they responded that they did n't like that the person had a position of power and that they could n't just beat them up .
in my defense yeah that was kind of the point – it 's a political villain – but the party never investigated other avenues to deal with them .
they never talked to the persons superior or rivals even though i brought it up before .
one of them never even really commented on the villain until this session .
now i 'm kind of apprehensive about running stuff again .
based on the feedback it sounds like the party does n't like people who are a not on their side and b ca n't be immediately dealt with through combat .
but i 'm not sure i 'm willing to just stick to hack-and-slash especially since we had all agreed beforehand to try to do the 3 pillars social combat exploration equally .
if i 'm being completely honest this has made me just not want to play anymore .
i understand i need to buy a radio transmitter/receiver batteries goggles and some sort of video transmitter/receiver ?
can anyone point me in the right direction or give recommendations to get started ?
after i finished the experiments i stored the overseers desk while i messed around and built the vault now i ca n't find it ?
i have said this in previous post my friends and i still relatively new game about 3weeks in at this point .
we got quetzels and argentavis but there one animal i want in the title procoptodon i spent week flying around for hours have n't even seen one .
we play on the island map i have seen far more alphas raptors carnos and rexs .
is this intentional that they are this rare of spawn ?
and yes we have killed plenty of things for animals to respawn
have n't seen one been searching for a week or so .
but how do i choose which generation i play on ?
got ta bunch of people that got animosity towards black guys cause their dicks are bigger than them .
these are guys that are jealous cause they do n't carry they do n't possess bbc .
they do n't possess that god gene that 's involved in these black men out here .
keep getting jealous while your wife asks for cuck-holds .
while your girlfriends ask for cuck-holds and wish that they could get fucked by these african warriors with these huge bbcs that could pipe them down to the point where they could feel each and every last spectacle of their pussies getting vibrated and thrusted until the orgasm just spews out .
why do you think your bitches get huge dildos !
you 're upset you 're mad at these african cocks .
that 's why you guys like saying nigger so much .
hey everyone i tried to post this earlier but was called a troll .
i picked up a ride tonight talked to the guy a bit .
eventually the conversation changed once he revealed he was an employee of uber but not a driver .
he offered me a 1000 signing bonus if i signed up and drove for uber .
i found it to be very suspicious in terms of the guy 's approach .
when i asked him why and uber employee would use lyft he laughed a bit and said it does n't matter the company pays for it . ''
he had business cards and all the web links went to the real uber website .
have you guys heard of something like this happening before ?
like his goal was to try and get me to sign up for uber .
just going to add also that i 'm a new driver .
im looking to sell these nice items for keys or items !
all prices are negotiable and you can feel free to add me up on steam !
im not into katos and ch so most likely will decline them !
send me trade offer https steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new ? partner=242689298 token=vld0hb6h or add me on steam http steamcommunity.com/id/gts13337
what would be effects of bitfinex hack on etc prices ?
do you think there will be correlation between bitfinex hack and etc prices ?
looking for people to play arams with and just chill maybe even some norms .
during the previews they made a big deal out of the keepthesecrets hashtag at the play and on the the internet .
at the theatre they handed out buttons with the hashtag and it 's also written on big banners right outside facing the people who leave the theater .
rowling and pottermore have have also been actively promoting the hashtag on twitter .
but i 've wondered what 's the point in making a big marketing thing out of it if you 're going the script the day after the premiere anyway ?
so is keepthesecrets still going to be a thing now that the script is out there ?
i assumed that they meant some of the big stage effects should be kept a secret but pretty much everything big in the script too anyway .
so a bit of background as i 've never posted on this sub before .
i 'm a 23-year-old bi woman in a relationship with a very understanding guy .
i 've only fully realised that i 'm attracted to women in the last few years and i 've never been with a woman .
i was always too scared to pursue any feelings i had for women before i met my fiancé so now that i 'm more comfortable with my sexuality he 's given me pretty much free rein to date women on a casual basis .
my trouble is that i 've been trying to pursue this for over a year and i seem to be getting nowhere .
i 've tried dating sites both queer-specific and several others and i always disclose on my profile that yes i 'm in a relationship with a man and no i 'm not looking for someone to have a threesome with .
i want to be honest about my situation and intentions but i 'm worried that due to being with someone especially in a 'hetero-passing ' relationship a lot of women are put off and think that i 'm just experimenting because my fiancé finds it hot or that i 'm treating it lightly .
that 's not the case i desperately want to have the experience of dating and being with women but i 'm starting to get worried that this is never going to happen and that i 'm being unrealistic .
i love my fiancé with all of my heart .
he is the person i definitively want to be with for the rest of my life .
but i feel like something would be missing and i would feel like i was ignoring part of my identity and sexuality if i never had the chance to sleep with and date women .
i 'm kicking myself for not realising that desire when i was single because i feel like it would have been so much easier to navigate .
i 'm out to pretty much everyone but i do n't want to spend the next 60 years of my marriage kicking myself for not being more open and active with my sexuality .
anyway this was more of a rant than anything if anyone has advice or has felt similarly i 'd love to hear from you .
i do n't really have anyone to talk to about this all of my close friends are straight and while they 're very understanding i feel like they do n't fully 'get it ' as they have n't been in this position .
before they changed their name to misfits they were the renegades banditos .
monte tweeted that riot denied several name changes before they became misfits and before he sold the team .
team manager alicus then said that they were denied 9 different times before becoming misfits .
going to be gone for a little bit do n't expect immediate replies .
this isnt the normal kind of witch who dresses in black robes and rides a broom .
this is the kind that would dress casually and walk past someone forcing them to orgasm in public from just a simple touch and a spell .
but she grew tired of just getting random people now she wanted her own person to mess with someone that wouldnt be a passing face .
so she decided to lure someone to her house .
whoever it is the second they walk in they 're whole world will be turned upside down .
ideally kinks would involve shrinking transformation into inanimate objects foodplay public sex clothed sex humiliation toys orgasm control and denial .
the nameplate graphics when the wrestlers made their entrance .
it was sweet showing their personal accomplishments like having corbin 's golden glove achievements listed .
made it feel more sporty to me and better than the wrestler name and twitter handle from raw .
also the backstage interview set was awesome and also added to the sporty vibe .
as a jew i can kind of understand anti-zionist because palestinian muslims had to make room for the refugee jews post ww2 .
but some toothless redneck asshole calling me a dirty jew to my face because i did n't have any cash to give to his panhandling ass is too much .
he could have called me a cheap motherfucker but he went to the jewish stereotype .
i mostly used it at a macro level i 'd check out other cities in my country with similar geography to mine to see if i could identify spawn patterns and then go to similar locations in my town .
i 'm in the global pokedex now so i can use that for the same purpose and contribute to it myself .
any trade involving real-world money or the exchange of items/cash outside of the standard steam trading window should be treated with extra caution .
we strongly advise you to consult our guide on trading real world money http www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensivetrade/wiki/moneytrades and/or message the moderators of r/globaloffensivetrade with any questions or concerns at the link provided below .
it is not accusing you of being a scammer .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensivetrade if you have any questions or concerns .
which sucks cause it 's an awesome tweak in theory hopefully the kinks well get worked out soon .
you will need at least 8gb of ram too .
it 's because you tune into american media the devil of western civilization .
they spin anything and everything to fit their political agenda supporting global elitists so i 'm not surprised they have made a laughing joke out of the ongoing election .
do n't worry though trump is just as serious as any other candidate .
go to liveleak and watch each and every mauling/killing by a pitbull and then tell me they should n't be banned .
every time i see a pitbull i blow its head off with a shotgun in my mind .
ah there 's one in a town near where i live .
for the record i am yet to hear of any injuries that have happened because of it .
right now i 'm definitely leaning towards monster reunion as my all-time favorite but they just keep getting better !
get it a cornrow kenny 's on el segundo and central
if this is the case then i feel that it 's a pretty dishonest business practice .
it does n't necessarily affect my decision to buy the game or not but i do n't like that they would intentionally mislead people into thinking there was some kind of multiplayer component when in reality there never was .
then again perhaps this was planned at a given point in time and later scrapped and they never said anything about it .
unless someone has video of them talking about multiplayer within the past few months ...
the dsm-v says it is n't a mental disorder .
you are welcome to have your opinion but it is contrary to western science .
i 'm not saying being transgender is n't a mental disorder because it could be but the current medical standard is that it is not .
from the dsm-5 on why gender identity disorder '' was changed to gender dysphoria ''
part of removing stigma is about choosing the right words .
diagnostic label is not only more appropriate and consistent with familiar clinical sexology terminology
it also removes the connotation that the patient is disordered.
the fact he is n't a teacher tells you he does n't know your side .
i agree with your general gist but not everyone lives in the west .
my best friend is a white dude living in japan and he definitely experiences racism .
and thats why you have problems i ran ftb infinity evolved with 3.25 gb of ram .
more ram doesnt better in most cases just giving it more ram makes things worse .
it 's more about the fact that the game is constantly changing and there will be bad patches .
the moment the game got an unstable patch remember when the game used to crash 50 of the time ?
the game lost a shit ton of players that it never recovered .
i 've played argent dawn for about 10 hours max and i already want to transfer all my active toons there from their non rp serves .
it seems as if there is life brimming from every nook and cranny in stormwind .
absorbing 120k coin is not that big deal if you see it as only 1 month of minted coin prior to the halvening .
but the bearish sentiment it started plus attack from mainstream media probably would do more damage to bitcoin in long term .
love to see the community and team working together in positive ways
but it is really weird that they put optical brightener into a shaving soap .
i guess arko can also be used to wash clothes .
on another note because of the shift to led these days optical brighteners are losing their effectiveness because of uv lights are not produced by led .
he went to church everyday he wuz getting a job in the band of the hawk
it 's a bunch of wannabe hackers across the globe .
waiting for new batteries to come in so currently not vaping .
jesus may forgive you but he does n't erase the consequences .
i went thinking it would be a uplifting story about a teacher working with troubled kids .
i thought let 's watch this and go to sleep happy .
that link was about usercontent.css just change the name to userchrome.css .
good god how do you make any decisions with all those
ugh the kind of garbage comments we get from r/all posts ...
trump is not fit to be president because he is a narcissist and serial gaslighter .
i dont think you have a feeble mind but yeah canada is participating .
likely arent any canadian ow characters is my assumption .
looks like the entry token to 'big mattys pimp party '
they got in one decent hit before jasper decided to walk back into the sea .
it 's not like she got a major beatdown or anything .
crews and kalisto in the same ring either a chance to be awesome or botchamania worthy either way we are in for a treat .
does it just use the pressure against the side to hold it up ?
well since any irishman can join the british army since we share an open border with a nato member since there have been secret government militia pacts in place in the past since we allowed us fighter jets to re fuel since we passed the lisbon treaty i would say no no we are not neutral .
but i 'd wager most do n't even realise that we 're technically not .
only reason we 're neutral was for historical reasons to not join an alliance with britain .
i just ca n't imagine holding my phone up to my eyes every time to unlock it .
unless it works perfectly every time from oblique angles and in poor light it i ca n't imagine using it at all .
going to jays weekend in 2 weeks to see 3 blue jays games and i 'm pumped !
i would n't think that toxic players would be 'rehabilitated ' if around normal players .
i 'd think it 'd really only be effective if they got kicked and then it becomes subjective again .
punishment should n't be the only method but the only other option seems to be rewarding a player for just acting like a normal human should act .
i 'd really like to hear your opinion though because again punishment should n't be the only option .
that does n't really work with the enormous time difference they have
cool and sorry i wo n't keep bothering you last reply unless you 're ok with more i do n't know anything about paul newman 's daughters do they act ?
and have you interviewed jake gylenhaal or edward norton ?
the side graphics during the intro are a nice touch .
the red shirt who 's going to die tonight ?
or elliott w a mask who is really wren pretending to be someone dunghill ?
yea i looked at their site and it seemed like they were a bit hands off considered buying there before but i wo n't now .
seems like all they are is a glorified forum that takes their 10 per sale and then pushes all responsibility to paypal .
as a csr for some crappy shoe company ... i can totally relate to this
also having zobrist fourth maximizes the usefulness of his switch-hitting in terms of extending the stretch of lineup for which a reliever would n't have a platoon advantage for multiple batters .
nothing could be bad about listing all active wiretaps to the public .
ca n't imagine my landlord will be lowering my rent anytime in the near future .
before the 1920s chinese who came to thailand were required to have a thai surname in order to become a citizen .
there was a structure to it that often involved the chinese name at the beginning someone with the surname lim could become limthongkul .
later immigrants just added sae '' to their names saechao for example .
changing names is n't too common in modern times .
well you could go in piece by piece and deconstruct these shit arguments but that would take up a lot of time considering how little it will influence the above posters opinions .
it gets to a point where you ca n't be responsible for debating every idiot online because it 's much better just to let this shit play out and allow them to find some new delusional perspective to enforce their preferred worldview .
we were there at the same time im pretty sure lol
probably browsing reddit and saw all the wack posts on r/frankocean about customer service calls and decided to keep it going
yeah i 'm kinda disappointed i just found h3h3 like a few months ago .
the first videos i remember actually laughing out loud for was the reaction videos and the ethan joins a 90s band and vape naysh ethan were honestly hilarious .
these kinda videos are kinda meh i find myself not even really finishing them
they come in like a seagull and poop on you and fly away unless you engage them .
then they continue to troll you wasting your time and making you angry because then it might shut you down scare you bully you into leaving or being silent .
they just keep finding one thing about your response and pile more doubt '' .
this is called 'consensus cracking ' and it 's the most popular tool of forum spies .
my cousin preorded something from there and he was supposed to get it in 3 weeks but he didnt have it for 5 months and figured out some idiot canceled the order .
what you loose in immediacy is more than made up for in efficiency and power potential .
it 's way too easy to break loose an 800hp supercharged mustang turbo mustang ?
not a problem unless you want to make it one ...
i mean the us has the airpower to do it you 'd just have to wonder if they 'd have any motive ...
have n't finished it got to when imani shows up but i 'm really liking what 's here so far !
yes the 101st did those things but it just sounds like a kid that has no idea what pops did .
someone should probably tell you that the khans ' son died in 2004 .
this is all interesting to learn about and read .
but the proper remedy is ... come on you know this one .
not sure why you did n't put it in your comment .
would have made your point a lot less misleading .
however i think people are more understanding of checks when you have a large purchase house full of furniture two carts of groceries buying a car and a little more pissy when you whip out your checkbook to buy toothpaste at cvs .
people stay off the roads in los angeles for big events like the olympics or carmageddon http www.laweekly.com/news/405-freeway-closure-will-make-july-16-17-the-carmageddon-of-traffic-mayhem-in-los-angeles-2391578 if there 's enough news coverage to blow the potential problem out of proportion
who said that he said america should follow sharia ?
also where are you getting the idea that this 'scholarly article ' ?
he 's not submitting this for peer review or to be part of any scholarly process .
he is writing a review on his own personal ideas on the subject .
i guess i should ask you what do you think a scholarly article is ?
perhaps that hollow he absorbed put him on the wrong side of rock paper scissors for a soul reaper stabbin ?
would n't be the craziest thing to happen in bleach .
the white house will just say that it 's not their business dealing with private businesses in another country which do n't have any significant impact on the us government or its people which is completely true .
just like how japan would n't yell at rooster teeth asking for volume 4 of rwby .
everything you do on the internet will never leave '' ... or else they should n't even be on the internet let alone have their own fucking facebook account
on trips where i 'll need to charge my phone i carry an anker e5 astro 16000 mah powerbank .
does n't matter the price if its a limited release .
this will only make it easier for people to buy more of the shoe for just for resell .
but i hope this works out the way he 's saying tho .
for those that are n't aware the original http www.harkavagrant.com/index.php/index.php ? id=213 edgar allen poe/jules verne .
is jake shields really the best grappler to be in the ufc ?
i used to discharge a good bit but it mostly went away as i got older .
i 'm not sure if other women have had the same experience but now i can go without underwear and it 's usually not a problem .
it would be cool though if within 7.0 settings and the long awaited dark mode the boot animation switched simultaneously
this came out a few years ago after i had deleted my twitter and the user took the account name i use on all social media .
came back to social media and now i have 600 requests because of this photo !
i actually had someone on reddit message me once to see if i was this girl hahaha
nope did but you were just ignoring a large part of the argument
i carry them to top off after engagements since i mostly play solo .
i guess using them for what they are for is considered abuse
i 'd say it 's implied that the other commenters are referencing less than decent folk .
now just to sit back and watch the debate heat up ...
i 'm surprised that you 're asking ig and the likes are just vessels for you to express yourself whether its pics of your cats yourself or your name written in bird shit completely up to you .
catch is you have to have the material for it to be listed .
if you 've never aquired say beaver leather it wo n't be an option .
i do n't know how far but we ran into someone who shockingly was friendly and talked to us for a while .
she was here from tennessee on vacation and when she had last spoke to her family back home there was definitely some shit going down .
she did n't tell us the specifics but yeah it 's definitely reached at least tennessee .
thanks for the suggestion i read those have great accuracy and a ton of barrel options !
a 1080p home video cassette from the 1980s hosted by afv o_o
i stopped doing heists especially finales with complete randoms .
almost always something happens which results in not completing the mission .
i 'm not the one with the poorly thought out suggestion of dumping new cards into modern via a limited print run set with a 10 price tag but sure tell me i 'm obtuse .
but in the future please try to be a bit more constructive if you find something wrong .
i have n't had time to get into it recently .
what 's spiderman doing making horror classics hes got ta go do whatever a spider can .
the iga in east brisbane has similar prices to coles/woolworths .
i do n't know what all the fuss is about .
is his dick as thick as a baby arm ?
how many times is this question going to be posted ?
if you have time could you explain a few things
why attack on titan is n't bolded while sao is ?
i 'm not trying to challenge your list btw i 'm just curious about these few points thanks !
meanwhile the guy in the seat beside them bemusedly watches them fight as he grips the other shirt in his lap .
some good pens flyers hate with u/blinsin is always good .
would it be good for him to tell the kid the other friend might blab ?
i feel like it might be good to have a heads up but i feel like you have better insight than me from what it sounds like .
we need to shoot random bags of poo out into space that will guarantee a response .
they 're selling like hot cakes '' is too redundant .
i realise that a lot of people do spend more but how .
do people not know their means and spend within them .
i understand when there is an unexpected expense but just daily expenses how can you spend more than you have ?
i just use my card because of had cash back and is more secure than my debit card number being all over the place
i had a great time camping in the mt hood national forest last weekend completely fun trip with no accidents or injuries ! !
came home sunday afternoon tripped on a rock and fell hard
ended up with a minor concussion and painful pretty much from the top of my head to my knees .
i 'll be doing the same the next time i 'm in santa barbara .
too bad until they reverse some of the no fun patches i will never see these .
i did n't know whether or not i did something wrong but it is gaining 34 cp per level up lol
but the partys mla a. ramu representing coonoor outdid everyone on tuesday when he said the credit for hillary clintons emergence as the democratic party nominee in the us presidential polls should go to amma jayalalithaa .
if a woman can enter the fray for the u.s. presidential elections it is because of amma he said drawing applause from the treasury benches .
according to mr. ramu a turning point happened in the career of ms. clinton and she became a presidential candidate only after she met ms. jayalalithaa in 2011 .
the aiadmk mla said ms. clinton drew inspiration from the encouraging words of ms. jayalalithaa and returned to her country with boundless joy .
today her name is inscribed in golden letters as presidential nominee .
huh i was at that show ... kinda makes me wonder how many shows the writer has been to .
he originally had that double hinge 6mm revo joint in the neck and a double 8mm joint in the torso and i have a sack of various loose revo joints from ebay so swapped the doubles with single hinge 6mm and 8mm ones .
that was a feature i was hoping would be in the game since launch but oh well .
i wish i could feel like my settlements were actually threatened and i would have to defend them but nope .
looks like it has the holo effect from some major stickers .
just feed him tons of blow during the games .
that 's got a little hole on the neck right ?
just fill it enough to properly cover the bottom of the stem and when you hit it cover the hole with your thumb .
when you are done stop holding the hole down and clear the chamber .
translation how dare those filthy males address me without my permission !
acting as if they have a right to speak to just anyone they feel like speaking to !
radio is just audio you 're not dealing with pictures
luckily there was an expert on hand who had worked in broadcasting professionally to explain that .
next week on the bbc we ask the experts on whether the scottish fishing industry will cope after independence .
driving a boat is n't like driving a car there is water and stuff .
anyone who 's worked in a professional maritime environment would realize that ''
i actually will feel bad for z if she sleeps with paulie tonight .
idk i think harassment and discussion/arguing even nasty arguing are two different things .
i 've been watching the last few games and i do n't even know why .
it 's been too hot to get out and mountain bike did n't want to mess with the storm tonight so i do n't have anything better to do on some weeknights i guess .
if conor beats nate defends vs aldo then takes alvarez while nate defeats ferg or rda maybe khabib then the nate conor trilogy for the title is the biggest fight in ufc history .
i just bought twelve games easily and have n't finished a single one yet .
but i just had to play a bit with each game first before i could settle .
may i ask why you dropped hyper dimension neptunia rebirth ?
not because of the control 's or anything right ?
was thinking of picking it up because it looked amusing af .
if we 're still a contending team and have n't won it all you can bet your sweet ass he 'll extend .
baltimore is his last rodeo but there 's no way in hell he goes down before the bull kneels before him .
the dolphin fractal is at once both one of the most unique dungeons i 've played in an mmo and the absolute goddamn worst .
do you have any insight into her particular mental illness ?
i 'm really asking i was wondering that while watching .
i wonder if the problem in all this is that mos which i liked was just not a good movie to build a universe into .
first rogan now ventura the brain damaged ptsded cters really love gajo ... .hmmm really makes you think !
retire to a tropical island '' is a pretty good solution .
i bet he has as much to do with writing it as a labrador solving a rubiks cube .
we 've only been doing that to 9v batteries but i 'll have to start implementing it on the lithium ion ones as well now too..
i was thinking about this but i have a lot of stuff on my acc and my friend is kinda a troll so ...
living room corner couch they make a corner together with the other two straight pieces
i 'm probably forgetting other things but that 's most of it
we want people to stop going to a public park so it 'll be empty for moms who want to do exercise they do n't want to walk farther from where they used to park and cause more exercise for them how outrageous niantic .
did you have all the above listed and bonus xp in the skill ?
it 's part of the kustom preset that i have linked .
a quick google reverse image search gave me this https plus.google.com/117650434941144976783/posts/su7tknoh1ud .
you are n't getting downvotes because of your opinion .
they all look like that and i do n't think many of us have high expectations on restaurant pamphlets in the first place .
people say yes to dates to not make people feel bad not make waves because their friends expect them to because they do want to go but change their minds in the end ... a huge slew of reasons really .
if he wanted to go out with you then he 'd make time .
company policy sometimes dictates no workplace relationships especially if there 's any kind of supervisor/supervisee situation going on .
also if drama or relationship issues of any kind spill over and affect your work it could certainly get you fired or reprimanded .
cool it just seemed like that was what you were getting at as you are using the fact positive examples exist to discredit sarkeesian 's criticisms of bad ones .
the way i see it is that good examples exist which is awesome but we do n't gain too much through critical analysis of them .
we are n't solving a problem if that makes sense ?
do n't get me wrong i 'm not saying we ca n't analysing how depictions of women in games have become more positive as time goes on measured against the maturity of the medium for instance that 's just an example but you hopefully get what i mean .
but that kind of analysis is n't necessarily the focus of a lot of pieces .
i 'm personally yet to see anyone outside of garbled tumblr posts that no one in their right mind take seriously stating games are devoid of well written/designed female characters and it sucks if you 've endured such shitty research but that does n't seem to be the statement anyone is making at least no one people are listening to .
3/4 10:09 corey to paulie no offense bro but i ca n't stand that girl zakiyah . ''
anyone who has followed boxing at all could see the actor had no idea what he was doing .
for a former stud fighter to have that poor of technique took a lot out of the scene .
i wish they had choreographed it a bit better or maybe used a stunt double .
it 's terrible kids are taught they will burn in hellfire for disagreeing with his religion .
do n't waste my time pope by wearing this false mask of morality while you harbour child rapists and are the head of an organization with one of the worst track records of any that ever existed .
edit it 's weird that some love professing their virtue but hate the mirror .
it 's almost as though the display is not enough even to convince themselves .
yea but you did n't waste him in the 7th if he was your best option to get out of the 7th unharmed .
that 9th inning situation never happens if your 3 bullpen arm blows the lead in the 7th .
i probably would n't use my best arm before the 7th though .
that means we have only one more chance to take the lead back if a lesser pitcher blows it .
thanks for the very informative post i will indeed save this and refer to it when i need it .
thank you for your submission however it has been removed because it has been automatically determined to be breaking the following r/videos rule
to have your post accepted you will need to remove the attribution part from the url .
if you think this is n't correct and for more information and/or assistance please click here https www.reddit.com/r/videos/wiki/automoderator/p/c3-2 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
plutus ... ... .waiting for merchants to accept bitcoin and ethereum ?
with plutus tap pay you can pay at any nfc-enabled merchant .
this is absolutely replacing my current digital box art for my cataloging system .
i do n't think execution would be appropriate but it is a prime example of someone in a position of power knowingly putting american lives at risk and receiving probation and no dishonorable discharge or any demotion in rank apologies my knowledge of military doctrine/law is non-existent .
to my knowledge what he did was significantly worse than what hillary did but i am rather uninformed on this topic so if you have any sources i 'd be interested in reading them .
i came across this article the other day and while there is clearly bias i would like to hear your thoughts if you have time http www.dailykos.com/story/2016/6/11/1537582/-the-most-thorough-profound-and-moving-defense-of-hillary-clinton-i-have-ever-seen
is that a yes bc just name a time and place we will settle this like gentlemen
you literally ca n't lc any kanye pop-up shop merch ... . unless it comes with the pablo bag from when they bought it .
i would put experience first considering the duration and type of school
programming in c to me sounds like you have experience in c .
if you 're not microsoft certified in c do n't put it there .
if you are phrase it so it sounds more consistent .
you start several things with created and or documented and .
make sure the pdf doesnt export to having a second page
i actually opted to upgrade the thor variant since it was less than stellar .
here it is after i rerolled its stats http imgur.com/yocst3r
the cable probably cost them 30 cents to make and because of this good pr move will probably sell a bunch more at full retail .
and a community that 's tetchier than a shaved badger who fucked a nest of hornets and now has a painful rageboner .
literally the best description of the gta online community i 've ever seen xd
the free one gave me a legendary and it was an old dva one .
the game finds a way to give me something cool '' while shitting on my face at the same time .
i 'm not colombian but in mexico he 's view as one of the greatest political figures that latin america has had .
you see latin america to us is like a big huge country .
we 're all family due to facing the same political social and economic struggles .
our history is pretty much identical in most of latin america .
this post is far better than the other ones i 've seen purely for the collage of his heads .
versus just having one puny head in the thumbnail image .
there is absolutely nothing in the bible that allows a man to marry a women who is currently married to a living spouse .
all skins are the same and shouldnt effect your gameplay at all .
yup i signed in four controllers and perfected the game in about 45 minutes
no reason for there to be much change at 35 if you take care of yourself and not be a lazy pig .
i love reminding people of the trash that came out of that company i do n't see anything wrong here .
yeah but when those games do n't look any better than n64 then its a problem because n64 was way before this pile of shovelware .
heh you mean the same team that came up with transverse ?
you must be super upset to call them competent i do n't think you ever called them that as far as i remember .
ca n't believe how butthurt and white knighting people are about this .
the shit that got swept under the rug ... man if someone lifts it up you flip out .
the most readily available would be 3.5 pathfinder 4e or 5e .
of those options 3.5 pf is focused towards power gamers '' who delight in having big numbers to throw around .
why roll 1d20 2 when you could be rolling 1d20 32 !
4e is very focused on miniature combat mechanics and plays like an mmo .
which sounds cool until you remember these are role-playing games '' and you could just go play warhammer or wow instead .
5e has tried to lessen the number crunching in order to focus on story .
and what numbers there are try to remain reasonable .
where other editions would eventually outgrow weaker mobs when characters literally had nothing to fear from goblins and kobolds anymore even high level 5e characters could still be defeated by the right encounter with lesser monsters .
unless you have some motivation to play a particular edition i 'd suggest 5e .
you could even hold off buying books at first and just get the starter set .
then once you know for certain that your group wants to play long term then you can get the players handbook phb the dungeon masters guide dmg and the monster manual mm .
can you give a brief rundown of these characters ?
i barely know ds and yet i know him best out of all of these .
perhaps they contain more pectin than your average smoothie fruit
honestly i 'm not even a bleach fan but i think it 's actually nice that it is n't ending this week because of how shit the ending would be if it did .
let us just hope that kubo does n't fail the ending ... yeahh ... .
i almost did n't post this because it 's so bad that i felt like it was part of some joke i was n't in on .
navi is clearly a better team than astralis but it was only a map win .
paulie did go to rutgers which is across the river from philly and cody went to temple which is in philly ... he must have learned from dennis personally .
havent seen much of him but whats the ban for ?
i do n't know how accurate they are but the uk had a lot of anti-speeding ads in the past in which they specifically said the probability of surviving being hit by a car at 30 is much better than being hit by a car at higher speeds still much lower than 130 .
yes you ca n't get more dead all of a sudden but at 130 death is almost guaranteed at 30 it certainly is n't .
i almost always work out 10pm or later and by the time i get home and am showered i 'm ready to pass out .
try a night workout and see how it is for you !
why are peter and alec hated so much here ?
i did n't watch all of bbcanada season 1 but from what i did watch i liked them quite a bit .
well a steam refund isnt instant and i dont think you can refund online games tho i may be wrong i know you coudent when i tried last that was a while ago tho
no clue man i just looked at their forums and stuff
sorry but i had to remove your recent post on r/r4r because your title did not comply with our official guidelines .
you can check out the guidelines here http www.reddit.com/r/r4r/comments/z08ap/how_you_should_tag_your_r4r_posts .
this is the proper way to format a title age r4r location description
here is a tl dr checklist of what should be in your subject
use only m f t and r for tagging gender .
make sure you 're not using w when you mean to use f.
use around the r4r tag so it looks like r4r .
for multiple ages or letter tags only use 's so it looks like 21/21 mf4r .
if you are posting about r/r4r please use a meta tag at the beginning of the subject .
please visit the submission page http www.reddit.com/r/r4r/submit ? sidebar title=age r4r location title to resubmit your post .
if you get an error message asking you to wait you must wait until the timer expires before posting again .
if you 're still having issues with your post please feel free to message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fr4r .
finally please make sure you read the rules on the sidebar !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/r4r if you have any questions or concerns .
he already got a few warnings now and if he tries anything again he 's being banned from every dorm and has to deal with a 4 hour way to campus .
still not sure whether to upgrade from note 3 to the s7e or the note 7
anyone have the kia and ghazi threads for when it happened ?
i would be surprised if they did n't make a post about it .
however inbreeding starting among some 500 odd people in a close knit would be far worse over generations than one which started over 50000 right ?
that logic does n't make sense when you think about just a guy marrying his cousin but also consider the unbroken line going up from each person and how many pairs of reproducing individuals it started with .
really loved it when you threaded the stories together by the end .
maybe a bit more of interaction with past characters for this campaign ?
if you want to try and explain it go ahead
s1mple shittalked someone else so freakazoid does n't need to get in the middle of it
mine neither but since it tends to fall into my face i tend to wear it in a bun during work .
yeah i was stuck with him for several weeks until i got aizen and 110 kisuke and even then i still had to rely on him for pvp until the freeyakuya event came .
i accept google wallet venmo squarecash bitcoin and amazon .
yup tbh i got the black carbon fiber vinyl wrap because it was the cheapest option .
yea i thought bedi was great and even helped me with lancer arturia .
if only dw pulled the mashu card on bedi and raised her star level from 3 to 4 ...
truly an entertaining read i can only dream of being so brutally eloquent .
this is bill lumburgh and yeaaaaaa i 'm gon na need you to do those tps reports with the new cover sheets so if you could do that ... .that 'd be great .
that is correct but the relay is n't rated for watts .
it is rated for a maximum of 1a of ac current and/or a maximum of 120vac .
using less of one does not increase how much of the other you can use .
do n't read this https medium.com miksmessages/how-are-you-going-to-forgive-yourself-66ec84cb2a29 .r1a1yta57 send to your read-it-later folder and repeat cycle .
in fairness trump was confused because he has never been anywhere close to a real war zone ...
there are alot of players that look scary in workouts .
i ca n't even look at my wrists because veins are there and i hate even thinking about them .
i really like to eat something you could just eat here in köln i 've been in a lot of places in germany not yet köln .
i do like art mostly post xx non-figurative is cool !
i defenetly like aerial views '' i dont know if there is any high spot in köln i guess that the dom should be a place to aim in order to enjoy the city from above ! .
exactly multiboxers are essentially dead now—they ca n't qualify for sb anymore they ca n't tp and if they choose a name they 'll get banned .
theres been numerous awp dlores 0.0x fn sold for 560k or less get ur fp facts straight pls
i doubt that prices will rise anytime soon sorry to tell
i always just assumed it was typical bobby schtick .
i ca n't song along and not include the rise and fall part .
there 's a st stephen out there where after the one man gathers what another man spills '' bobby quips funniest thing i ever heard '' .
nice one mate i knew someone would chip in haha
dark ritual earn 600,000 less gold and do 600,000 less damage for the next 60 seconds
i 'd rather have a bronze keeper than use him ever again .
as a bmx rider it 's not much of a laugh when the frame snaps and you 're on the floor is it .
he wrote that in 1922 i think which was around the same time the psychologist henry goddard produced a paper which claimed that 80 of immigrants in america are 'feebleminded '
back when i still lived at home my mom liked to watch showtime when we were having lunch together so napipilitan din akong mapanood yung show .
sobrang nakaka-cringe lang how unfunny the hosts are pati yung audience na tuwang-tuwa naman sa kanila it was so unbearable .
got ta save this to show people who complain about how big godzilla is now ...
i threw all of mine out but i 've had better-off family members buy me new ones that fit better so money has n't been too much of an issue .
maybe check out second hand stores for new cheap ones and slowly replace your current wardrobe piece by piece would work for you ?
there was some but some is better than what the game has now none .
even if it 's two different net codes you 're completely wrong .
no one 's arguing whether packet lose is worse than high ping .
i 'm simply saying stating that ping is meaningless is the most absurd thing i 've ever heard .
anyone thats ever played any game at 10 or less ping and then at 80 to 100 would know that .
when has the city of la thrown the galaxy a parade ?
pasadena and carson does not equate to all of socal .
even the mayor of los angeles does n't think the galaxy represent the city .
i would happily join the competition but there does not seem to be any free plots atm .
yeah but no john candy no barf no spaceballs .
there were issues with transportation flooding and concerns over safety then too .
they did n't have everyone hosted in a single location though .
i heard it one day and thought it was fun to say .
aside from picking up a tier 8 premium and running a premium account the best money makers are tier 5-6 tanks .
i usually make the most in paper tanks with big carry potential both because the damage/spotting credits are bigger and because i am prioritizing taking no damage so my repairs are less than in a heavy .
i am currently averaging around 15-20k profit with the amx 12t t37 and woverine w/105mm .
also do n't forget your missions are an easy source of craploads of credits .
i mean most of it 's been mapped in good detail .
just most of it has n't been seen close up .
i read somewhere people in the police academy are shown a scene where val kilmer reloads his rifle as an example of how they should do it .
i know not with what weapons world war iv will be fought but world war iii will be fought with kittens and honey bees.
i had the adsl fibre combo version of that and had to ditch it when we got fttb .
running a crappy buddii lite right now because good vdsl modems are so expensive .
citation needed in the spirit of you unfortunately being as mentally unhinged as ever .
because in many countries you have to go through surgery and the sterilization that it causes to be recognized as your gender .
you end up in a weird legal limbo otherwise .
not a complete answer but part of the picture .
i 'm paraphrasing here but i believe it was buffed because it fell out of design targets or some other buzzword .
probably something like average kd/kills per game or similar dropping substantially after the nerf .
the vesper archetype is pretty niche on paper competes with shotguns at close range usable but nothing special out to medium range .
fast rate of fire plenty of horizontal recoil etc .
basically i 'm trying to say that if it 's supposed to fill a niche roll is that taken into account when they compare averages against their design targets ?
in its ideal form it would require a certain play style which would be quite off-putting for many players or they would use the gun in less than ideal situations and do poorly with it .
it would be like the locus getting buffed for falling out of design targets if everyone using it just ran around no scoping with it .
you absolutely can not take the vesper archetype and lower the horizontal recoil or bad things happen as we 've seen .
pair that with the vmp and man-o-war nerfs and the current meta turns into vespers and m8a7s being the clear cut top 2 weapons in the game .
i obviously have n't gathered opinions of every single player but based on my limited research watching streams tweets from pros etc .
there is n't a single competent high level player in favour of the vesper buff in its current form .
i 'm not saying the vesper did n't need a buff but they definitely could have looked at things like ads speed magazine size etc .
it 's an high school subject in a lot of countries .
this season i 'm going straight to the frying and you can probably use a bacon-stripe too henny .
would you mind linking to the description of the study methods you found ?
i 'd be curious to read it i think that 's interesting
does bray really need a title reign to be good ?
i am no expert on colors but e pulled my eye immediatly
spacex has posted stats of what a fully expendable f9 and fh are capable of which would indicate they would entertain selling expendables .
at the end of the day spacex is in the business of selling a launches .
if the customer wants fully expendable there is a price for that .
spacex could try to price a customer into a fh over an expendable f9 but at the end of the day it 's the customer 's dollar .
he 's not talking about euthanizing anyone just not supporting them with the state this is what all anti-state people are for .
pokémon go has already supplied the world with enough salt for life
sprinkles are rod shaped while hundreds and thousands are tiny spheres .
because people questing now at level 10 ganked you 3 years ago when you were level 10 ?
and you have irrefutable proof that these lowbies today are the same players that gave you a hard time when you were leveling is that it ?
if someone talked about mia 's breasts getting bigger and her age i would 've been fine with it .
looking for job college student looking for a ta or similar job .
yup even at tgt launch i won some games with dragon warrior by just coining alex 's champ into alex 's champ .
it wrecks some matchups like a turn 1 wyrm .
if it 's a single player mobile game it 's not pay 2 win .
it get 's pay 2 win when you compete against another player .
fallout shelter is not p2w eventhough it has lootboxes .
micro transactions is the name of the game for mobile so yeah .
her er r/norge tråden https www.reddit.com/r/norge/comments/4vroou/kj c3 a6re_sylvi_listhaug til samme kronikk .
gud forby at en 16 år gammel jente er positiv til innvandring sant ?
we 're just paintin ' this wagon ... you got a problem with that ?
well it could have been 100 k users storing 1 bitcoin on the exchange .
people need to keep bitcoin on exchanges or liquidty would be real bad ...
thank you for your submission to r/videos however it has been removed because
your account is not yet old enough to submit content to r/videos at this time
please try again when your account is a bit older around a week while also commenting in posts to also build up some karma .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
because a head developer isnt enough im sure he is lying s
well it 's tough to both be able to snowball through the midgame and outcarry the enemy team when you know for sure that your safelane is crap ... one is forced to go mid/offlane if we need to snowball but then there cant be enough momentum to solo carry the whole game..anyways do you suggest any preferred heroes in these situations ?
i suck pretty hard at supporting ... i can however lane anywhere with any role..just not supping
under nvidia control panel make sure power mode is on performance
which happens to be easily approximately translated with useful mnemonics .
he certainly knows more about stand up than obama and obama 's really good at that !
oh god i saw your video i know how powerful he could be before this patch.now imagine after patch you will be the next cancer ... and when he got ee it 's a non-legend vonchi ! god noooo
this is a dev kit not targeted at consumers at all .
and we do n't know what magic leap has and how much it will cost..
i put a post up on nam yesterday right before i had the idea that the reddit could potentially be a good source .
i 'll try usedminiparts and see how that goes .
money is a concern so a forged crank is just not in the budget in comparison to either a used crank or just getting the thing machined .
i have n't seen snuff box so i ca n't comment on any similarities but i feel it goes well with it crowd because of the way both shows make me think what the hell ! ? ''
followed immediately by strong laughter at the absurdity of it .
people here say pronounce it as yoggert '' instead of yoh gurt '' which i imagine sounds unbelievably stupid to people not used to it .
stay away from windows so they ca n't hear a lighter click .
do n't trip and fall or get lost as well .
because then they could n't make them as good as they are .
most of the time they feel like a filler rather than something impactful which is a part of your strategy .
controlling more than 1 gym does not affect anything .
i see masood has been liberated from the burden of international representation .
our empire very small tiny empire compared to your large alien empire . ''
maybe spend it on a giant mansion or airplane https www.bitpremier.com too
sorry brain fart though your equipment should be fine .
it 's your ability to upgrade it that needs investment
i do want to try a wild control shaman with justicar .
i just never resolve it and when i do it feels lot less lacklustre than 4 armour/healing each turn .
i almost feel like that crawl was n't even 12cm across
but your speaking now and.. and what about parrots ? ''
those assholes about a hundred years ago one of em thought hed be funny and spoke now the rest keep up the gig because its cute '' and now they have to . ''
he responded a frown etched across his face as he said so
you are an idiot and i have zero sympathy for you .
i 'd wait for the game to come out and read some early reports before purchasing .
the turks were hired mercenaries by the tang chinese but they deflected to the arabs during the battle .
gender is a social construct and yet it 's supposed to be set at birth .
let people do whatever and everyone will be better off and a lot of people might not feel the need to get crippling surgery and hormonal therapy to conform to some self-imposed mold .
the game says this is a pokestop this is a gym .
being too far away interact is n't the same as requiring that you interact .
there are a lot more useless subs just sitting around deciding to shut it down immediately after and attempting to during the convention is just insane to me given how active it is .
i know do n't attribute to malice ... '' but it really does look bizarre .
you are greatly underestimating the games size i 'm afraid .
there are more stars than grains of sand on earth .
i 'm sure someone will manage a deliberate meetup but we 're talking trying to find a specific point somewhere in the milky way .
the baseball episode made me laugh so hard when i first watched it .
cwl teams that kept 3 players from their original roster got a spot in pools .
oooh i think the feathers look really cool how they slick back .
they do ... '' trystane already had one but wylla did n't need to know that .
his baby girl was at home in sunspear as they spoke growing without him .
the expectation to carry on a line the unknown that comes with it the challenge of raising a child to be the best they can be . ''
the way she spoke made it seem like she was n't particularly enamoured with the idea herself .
not the obvious ... like the differences between an infp and an antisocial enfp
i 'm currently level 120-ish 46 vit 30 end 40 str 38 skl 7 bt 9 arc in ng and about to enter layer 2 of defiled chalice .
in the main game i 've beaten all bosses including optional bosses up to mergo 's wet nurse .
should i proceed and finish the chalice dungeon section or buy the dlc and complete that instead ?
is there a recommended ng and ng level for the dlc bosses for an average bloodborne player ?
add me if you want to talk about the price or send me an offer .
so i have a pc running windows 10 that usually connects to the wireless network via wifi .
it is absolutely in range of the router and works perfectly all the time .
suddenly today this pc can not connect to it .
i have restarted the pc restarted the router run diagnostics on the network card i do n't know what else to do .
i do n't know why it would suddenly go offline like that .
i have not changed anything physically or in the system that would have affected wifi connectivity .
on ps4 most if not all players received a platinum charm when we were diamond
does anyone know why that i cant get elvui to work ?
i 've loaded out of date addons reinstalled and still wo n't pop up .
same goes for some of my other addons like bgt prat .
edit 1 i will double check the files and folders and get back with you guys .
i completely forgot that the original ui had to come from http www.tukui.org/dl.php
once i downloaded the original from there all the other plugins fired right up .
hey reddit i 've been having troubles finding kmac keyboards .
it 's been a hell of a year for me and not the best .
during most of 2015 i had internal struggles of figuring myself most of which was my sexuality .
i had a girlfriend at the time and without a doubt i knew i was into her and other women emotionally/sexually but there was always something else banging on my closet door trying to get out har-har ! .
spoiler alert i low key liked guys too more than low key but at that point it was a phantom feeling .
i 'd be out with the girlfriend but would see a cute guy walking down past us and that would sweep up my attention .
then the little voice in my head would start its shit sooooo are we gay now ? ''
we 're talking spend the next two days in bed depressed sleep which if you 've never experienced i hope you never have to staring at the ceiling falling into what would seem like a never ending existential question what am i ? '' .
time passed and i began to realize that the feelings i had for women never went away they were there and i arrived at the conclusion that i was bisexual .
i put myself at about 70-75 more attracted to men and women it 's 30-35 but again it fluctuates .
that took me a while to come to terms with because a i felt like shit examining this side of myself and b i kept all of this to myself .
for all those reading this subreddit who are contemplating their sexuality let me tell you something .
find someone you trust that you really trust and talk to them .
i know it 's scary shit it 's petrifying .
this world we live in sometimes seems like it will strike you down for no goddamn reason if you even so much as glance in the direction of someone of the same sex and say oh he/she is cute .
but do n't be afraid to dump yourself out to your person whomever that may be .
these thoughts are heavy and it certainly lightens the load when you can discuss with someone else .
i made the mistake of cheating during my relationship in an attempt to gain an understanding of myself i do not recommend this you should always talk to your significant other .
it 'll save you both pain in the long run which resulted in a break up .
of course we are still friends best friend 's even but at a hard cost .
since then i 've started to come out slowly to people close to me and love my sexuality and myself more .
i have a lot of other work to do to become the person that i truly want to be but i just wanted to tell all of you guys out there struggling ... it get 's better .
if you want to talk it out with me i 'd be more than happy to !
i just found three old hasbro model kits that me and my dad put together in the early 2000s .
i just spent an hour trying to fix a pteras model i had we never got it together right lol and finally got it !
the motor still works but it 's kind of slow .
another model i have not sure what model it is looks like a purply-black spinosaur does n't work at all .
do the motors for the model kits run on batteries ?
if so what kind and are they even changeable ?
i am in the process of worldbuilding for a book i 'm currently writing .
i 'm rushing to meet deadlines and i want some feedback to make sure my world seems interesting enough .
the story is heavily character driven and the some of the worldbuilding has fallen by the wayside .
i need feedback but there 's so much to cover .
how do you prefer to look at someone 's encyclopedia infinitum ?
my local community college has a transfer agreement between it and umuc .
on the quest for the rare and exciting fatebringer ! !
i have a lot na arceus codes i got my from local gamestops on august 1-3
i can throw in an extra code or two if
someone just has more than one pokemon that i want 2 different ones not 2 of the same
just tried using xbox bing to search for an app i 'd like to install just takes me to a keyboard search page now .
guessing it 's cortana only in the anniversary update ?
not available in my region and do n't want to deal with the awful speed of cortana recognition vs xbox .
microsoft should just have a trade in program for kinects to swap for chat pads ...
i 'm going to miss nisekoi even if i 'm mad at komi for some things i had fun .
the waifu wars shitoge and oh-no-dera i love them both the hype every week the fandom in general people freaking out when they noticed i 'm a girl all the memes and even ... even ... rock-kun .
i wanted to make a drawing from years ago but better now than never ! ! !
sorry if it is too shitty i made it in a hurry but i hope you like it anyway .
i 'm still waiting for ch.229 i 'm too exited but slightly scared .
sorry 4 the bad english and i do n't know how to post so something may go wrong in here xd
it keeps reconnecting to every available game of the tournament .
i have an electronic music artist who i have been working with over the past several months coming up with different graphics and he is now looking into making a lyric video and i 'm helping him find someone who fits the style .
here is one of the graphics that i made for one of his albums http imgur.com/a/uqf5a .
if you feel that you can work in this style we 'd be happy to take a look at your showreel to get an idea of what we like .
if we have a few that we like we will let you know first and then offer compensation 15 seconds 75-100 to make us a very short demo of what you think our style would benefit from in video form .
we will then pick the one we enjoy the most and start talks about total cost .
if this is n't the place to post then let me know !
i do n't have a battery charger yet as i just treated myself to the dripbox 160 as the evod i bought a few days ago was n't cutting it .
so i plan on getting one but for the time being can i leave it charging while i sleep ?
i will very grateful if you trade with me .
i have ha cyndaquil tyrunt venipede froakie golett charmander torkoal ponyta charmander slowpoke
still seeing challenger elites paired up with challenger 1 's and we are challenger 3 .
if i misread wrong or the update is n't live can someone please clarify ?
i just looked at the game engine list in the wiki but i am still having troubles .
i 'm pretty nooby to all of this but basically i want to make a unique city builder game that 's 3d and has a minimalistic graphics style .
what do you think would be the best game engine for this ?
please do n't slaughter me reddit i 'm no noob to smoking but every time i 've tried edibles it 's done fuck all to me i 've tried really strong ones and all different kinds .
for that reason i 've avoided edibles until recently .
i decided to start with a chocolate graham nutella almond butter firecracker with abv .
i do n't want to commit much to what is basically an experiment and i do n't have a whole lot of weed and money to spend on it anyway .
it seems to me that using abv is so economical !
really i 'm getting a second extra use out of my weed and i still get to smoke it so why not try .
i watched many youtube videos on it and feel like i have the basics down so here are my questions will it hinder anything to use a coffee grinder to grind my abv into a powder along with dark chocolate cocoa powder the unsweet kind for baking and/or a tiny bit of ground coffee ?
my intention is to help cover the taste of the abv before sprinkling it on .
also does it mean that since we can cook with abv and still get medicated from it that vapourising weed does n't actually release all the thc and cbd ?
when completing all side quests do you get to level 22 ?
i was also wondering ... how do some people get to level 30 or more ?
i accepted an offer to start grad school this september but i will not be able to attend as my circumstances have changed .
i know the department i was accepted to does not allow deferrals .
will uoft keep the letters my references submitted on file so that i do n't have to solicit new ones should i apply next cycle ?
payment via pp friends and family google wallet chase quickpay .
just wanted to gush on how awesome this game is .
i 've literally just finished my second play through this time on low chaos .
i have to say i enjoyed this run way more than last time .
in some places it was easier due to low chaos which made me feel my hard work to stealth through everything all the more worth it .
oh suuuuuure the ghosts can play the piano but when i try the top snaps shut .
people would n't be able to play as many ranked matches and climbing the ladder would take longer .
if games were really well matched most of the games would turn out to be close matches since everyone would be around the same sr 1/2/3 .
that would mean it would be even more time consuming to play out matches .
so it would actually be slightly harder for someone who does n't have a lot of time to play to rank up .
now i 'm not saying that this is bad or good but i just wanted to point it out .
also i think there are a lot of things the devs can improve on the match-making system and the skill-rating system .
for examples the distribution of the playerbase evenly to the whole scale of 100 skill rating ranks .
personally i would n't mind the longer wait times i 'd prefer it that way .
in the past day i have been noticing that when i 'm playing overwatch my character will make sharp movements looking around when i am moving .
for example if i look the right it will look to the right but shoot off to the left .
i have n't noticed it in any other games so i 'm wondering if it is overwatch or if my controller is going bad .
i have some leftover eco-flow waterstain that i would like to dispose of .
can i just toss it in the trash or is there some other way i should dispose of it ?
i recently created a draft class in 2016 in one league and tried to use it in another league where i 'm at the year 2047 and all of the players are in their 50 's .
how do i export a draft class and keep everyone from aging ?
i hear many people complaining that the catch rate was increased drastically to the point that catching very low cp pokemon takes up 10 pokeballs if they do n't flee beforehand .
as for my personal experience i noticed a higher difficulty in catching higher cp pokemon but low cp ones are just as easy to catch as before .
the past 3 days not a single sub 100cp pokemon has escaped most of them were caught with the very first pokeball .
but high cp pidgeys 200 cp were indeed a little bit harder to catch .
so i ca n't really understand what most people are complaining about .
trying to stretch the episodes out a little so it 's not a desert until the next season .
that said also it 's pretty rough coming up with quizzes for these episodes they have been really hammering the racism theme and i do n't think the group really appreciates it much or that there 's much to discuss about it .
are the app ideas kind of clever considering their made by high school kids ?
2. who is more correct zoe or tristan is love about sparks or instinct i guess you 'd say or titles ?
should yael compromise on her values for success at least a little ?
does the fact that frankie is an oblivious idiot explain why people dislike her ?
can the team members throw a player off the team without consulting the coach ?
should miles be applauded for resetting the baby because it 's literally the worst possible assignment a class can give you ?
if y'all have been reading my past posts you know that my mom has made tons of crazy threats before .
she sent me several long messages today and i 'm about to go to the police with them to add to our case against her for harassment .
i know that there 's no way she 's going to be able to rob me and take the baby .
however she has gone to cps already and made false claims .
she sent tons more threats she 's going to go through with i was just wondering if anyone here who may have gone through something similar could take a look at them and if anyone knows if there 's anything i should worry about and what if not all of this is complete bullshit sorry it 's long and a little incoherent
i 'm begging you before cps is involved ! ! ! ! !
but husband said i said i sending in envelope which i have n't .
i also have a text from you saying you will mail it to me which you never did !
if you turn into att you will charged w theft of even though you retired them and i will lose 500 and 600 on them !
all i ask was put them in the box i get them leave ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
but husband wanted to make it a major ordeal ! ! ! ! ! !
this is regards to a phone she bought me and is making payments on .
can i not just turn them back over to at t ?
i do n't think that will give me a theft charge ?
i mean what the hell was she going to do with it ?
because he wo n't simply give them to me then i go back to your house wait i .
the road for him to give them too me .
he starts calling me every word in the book .
telling me i wo n't see daughter for 3 months ! ! !
if you decided three months and u wo n't let me see her before the three months then i will start to get to see she 's ok .
you would n't let the cop in to see ?
if you had left the the cop into see her i would be ok and left .
but i ask you to talk to me 10 min .
instead of a simpler conversation you and husband want mr arrested for saying the wrong thing at dr .
you me husband daughter sit down let me see her with y'all there in public place .
and let me fix my part i did wrong and then agree to your rules and do it on your terms so you and husband will feel ok about me seeing her .
i would like to work on my issues with you tokentexan but i wo n't force that .
if you choose not to then all i want is to see her 30 min a week and i wo n't even speak to you or husband while i 'm there .
if you refuse to even give me 30 minutes to try to work this out ! ! !
for the reason solely because you wo n't let me see if she 's ok. you woukd n't let cop see if she is ok .
so that 's all that 's left ! ! ! ! !
the cop never asked to see her though i do n't think that can be reported ?
if you wo n't agree to 30 minutes to work out this out where we are all satisfified that daughter issue is settled on your terms them all i can do is start fighting myself to make sure she is .
if cps gets involved i can not undo that ! ! ! ! ! ! !
they said try to work it out so i see her and i know she 's ok .
if you refuse me and you refused cop then they said there is a reason and we need to settle it by letting them investigate .
you and husband have taken a dimple issue and made it about pinishing me not to see daughter that 's it .
it 's about a power trip for each of you not about daughter
this is my formal request token texan and to husband to try to work this out between ourselves .
if you will not respond to this then i will file so they go in see she 's ok and hey will probably go once a month .
if you let me see her under rules your supervision they will not be involved .
you and husband started this by not talking to me and fixing this but instead taking daughter away from me for months !
and if i ca n't see her you do n't need to be using the furnituer i loaned you nor the lawn mower nor the car i have lien against .
i do n't know a lot about liens but cant only mechanics do that ?
i will file for it all back to help brother recover the money you owe him .
then he goes to lessons and to school in houston on his day off .
so i better not ever have husband accuse me of that again !
at end i will list what i intend to ask you for you in the civil case .
if you and husband will try to work this out w me i will do it your way 100 .
what if she 's is ok is it going to hurt if you supervise have whoever you choose to supervise there ?
what is 30 minutes now compared to what we all face if you refuse to settle this between us instead of pd and instead of cps ?
you have done nothing but ale up lies about me and spurt your hate to everyone you meet .
you know in your heart i would never hurt daughter never separate from brother or dad to run away with her .
i never accused her of this and statements like this scare me
court we both loose but that 's where this is headed if you two will not talk to me .
i can not waste one day worrying about this .
if you refuse i 'll go after it the hard way starting to ask cps to go in first .
then followed by holding you responsible for unpaid loans and all the things i loaned you than you refuse to return .
i love you with all my heart always will .
i 'm telling you i did not tell cps anything .
i let them explain to me the options and told them i wanted to see if u woukd let me in to see her for myself before filing anything .
if your hate for me runs deep that u want me out of your life then i 'll agree to that .
but only if you let me see daughter once a week .
if you will not i will go through attorneys .
and i will not wait to do either ! !
here are my concerns if you wo n't let me see daughter for myself .
back to sleeping all the time in the day weather i went by or called you or daughter or both were asleep no matter the time !
you were working 48 hours straight with only 2 naps .
so i believe u were putting her down in her bed .
if i 'm wrong let me in let 's talk about it .
i also know she 's in the playpen so you so can go out and smoke .
you told me yourself and if we go to court you will have to tell the truth that you were laying daughter down at night and you and yalls friends all went outside to drink and u went and checked her every hour .
if i ca n't see there are no signs of you regressing to that then someone else will have too .
i 'm assuming only that you are slipping due to your actions .
you could have post potsdam depression you do n't even realize .
the challenge of caring for daughter all day is exhausting .
you are stuck in that house because you ca n't drive .
daughter 's things come to me all dirty and uncared for .
you need your medication to help you balance it all .
let me help get you back into a dr .
i want to do you as much as you will let me but i will not i can not be shut out where daughter is concerned knowing your past issues all of which will come to light if we have to battle this in court .
but if you and husband are n't willing to talk to me for 30 minutes then i feel there are bigger issues and i will involve everyone i have to see she is not being ignored .
but there are things u need to look at too .
and i will stay in the lines you and husband set .
then we can open up to each other little at a time by opening conversation between us .
while doing that if you arrange for me to see daughter once a week then we can as a family start to believe in eachother again and at the very least all of us do what 's best for daughter .
30 minutes before i you force my hand to have to go through all other channels .
all the things husband is threatening to send me to prison for are irrelevant and i have discussed with my attorney and showed what i sent you .
it will have to be a court matter if you wo n't at least try to give us a chance .
if you refuse i will start my fighting the only way i feel i can to see daughter is ok and that 's through cps and all channels i have too .
stop trashing me and brother and let 's get to the bottom of this with out either of us raising our voices .
you also told yourself daughter brought you a gun a was obsessed with them lie ! ! !
we have our guns locked away she has no access to them ! ! !
and you were concerned enough to have husband lock them up .
your history of rivercrest will come up and the second stay will all be in the police file on u because they escorted you and they admitted you not me .
shes talking about when i was on watch for suicide attempts
you and husband call brothers goals in life joy rides ?
do u know how hard he works to achieve his goals ?
you took that from him and if you wo n't talk to me and the court battles begin i will ask for you to held responsible for every dime you spent of his and never paid back .
you took his money after you broke me and you layed in bed all day smoking pot and drinking and steeling meds and you said doing meth right here in front of everyone when u and ex came in !
i do n't want to risk any of that but if refuse to try to settle it it will all be bought out in a claim against you at at cps .
at least let 's try for daughter 's sake .
i 'm offering this and i have offered this a 100 times .
it is by your and husband going off on what i said about play pen that set this off .
i am requesting you agree to meet me today at your request .
if i do not hear from you i will have cps start to make sure she 's ok. and i will recover all my things i loaned you through the civil courts as your cop told me to do .
either we speak today or i have to fight back .
this is a written notice i agree not to involve cps .
or attorney 's if you will both meet me and see if we can work something out you will agree too .
and if we can both agree without fighting i will not involve any of it .
i need to hear from you today or tomorrow we will not speak accept through attorneys and cps .
a list of what i 've done for you that husband compares brother joyride too !
i paid to get you an apart in austin and i paired to enroll u at the art of instit at your request .
i paid to send to u to uk and burning man because u said it would make u happy .
i paid you and ex husband way back to us .
i then supported you and ex husband for 2 years .
i bought all new furniture you said you woukd pay for you signed the note to pat fir buy i had to pay for it all .
i supported your and ex husband 's bad habits .
i lost money on the apart but i moved you home where y'all slept till noon everyday and woukdnt even clean up after yourselves .
with a lien against it for what u still owe .
you said you woukd be happy in a house and u woukd do a photograph business and pay for the house .
i put the boston house up as collateral for 75,000 i bought u a house and the photographer business .
i said i might get into photography and she bought me a camera once i have no idea if any of this is the tiniest bit true ?
you never got out of bed to even try to make the business work .
i paid for theopy and drove you to and from every appointment .
then you promised you woukd do the rhinestone business .
again she just showed up with a machine promised to teach us the business and that it would make us wealthy we did n't know what the fuck to do with it i bought it again you barely worked on it .
i had to drive to angelo to even mow your yard !
all to try to give you a start in a real life ! ! ! ! !
i drove you every sunday 5 hours to see him .
when he got back to uk u wanted to go .
i paid your way and took a 10,000 loss on the house and 13 000 on t shirt business .
you wanted to come home i paid your way home .
i paid to move you to apartment you did n't get a job .
then u wanted to move i paid for it all .
then u starting borrowing from brother w the promise to pay him back .
i bailed you out ugh i 'm sure i do n't even need to tell y'all there is a lot more to these stories .you broke me ! !
i take responsibility for dumb enough to try to help you find your way .
i thought u found your way out of the dark into happiness .
but i tried to buy u a chance at a life !
you needed 700 for test to see if the baby was ok due to your drugs prior to getting pregnant lie .
i have driving you to dr appointment coming from hometown to take you .
daughter party you said u wanted then called me a snob for helping u with w it .
on the day of her party u said you were making food brant decorated .
he 's talking to his buddies about cars her party was not top priority .
so please do n't just see what you hate me for and realize i 've given my all to give u what i thought woukd help u .
you and husband meet with me today after work .
i see daughter for 30 then you and i talk .
if you refuse and u did n't let cops in and u wo n't let me see her and u wo n't give me 30 min then i will start moving towards every single thing i have to to see she 's ok and if and husband wo n't at least talk to me then you do n't need my things .
i 'm begging u for the chance to work this out .
it 's up to u. i wo n't be back to your house .
but if u will set up a meeting today i will not have to go to cps abs we can decide to work on us or we can say goodbye your choice .
i 'm willing to talk to you if u will talk to me like the normal u used to be .
if y'all choose to force me to fight that 's on y'all .
i 've done all i can do to work out without involving anyone else .
there is nothing there unless i go ba k and file it which i will not do if y'all will talk yo me .
hopefully w a conversation but if not then with a battle until i see she is ok .
okay guys ... ugh obviously cps will realise she 's full of shit .
i 'm not worried about a home visit or anything .
what im afraid of being a big hassel however is her lawyer .
after my dad was hit by a guy test driving a dodge car they went sue crazy and i 'm sure he knows she 's a crazy bitch who will give him her money to try and sue me .
from the statements she 's made about the furniture she wants to sue us for she gave it to us after my husband painted her house the car was my mom and dads that she gave me when i was 16 and the title has been in my name for several years .
i do n't know if she can go after it at all now ?
i 've been documenting these with the cops but again i do n't have time for court appearances over old furniture .
she also sent another message after this that i wo n't put y'all through basically saying my daughter will be taken while my mental health is evaluated .
i do n't think they can do that but then again she 's pretty adamant about using a lot of my younger years against me ...
i 've been in the preview program for about 8 months never really had any problems other than a rare disconnection from xbox live .
now that the new update is out i 've decided to leave the preview program how long will it take for the reset to start ?
i bought some books from a store connected to the local library where i live .
the next day i noticed one of them had some dirt on and in it .
flipped through the pages and found a dead bug .
had fear of bedbugs and put them in a sealed plastic bag .
after a day of this i 've found 7 or 8 tiny black spots on the outside of the books .
but i also found a tiny black spot on a book i already have .
i 've noticed that a few people have started posting more about classpects .
as such i 've decided to talk about some of my personal theories .
most of these are probably wrong and i 'm guessing a few have been downright disproven but here we go .
space space is about volume things in 3 dimensions also outer space
blood blood seems to be about carrying oxygen and nutrients to different parts of the body while removing carbon dioxide
light light from what i can tell is about brightness photons the sun etc .
rage rage the one nobody agrees on is in my opinion about getting really really mad
heart heart seems to be about love and also pumping blood to the rest of the body related to blood aspect ? ?
life life from what i can tell is about not being dead aka alive
now once again several of these interpretations are almost guaranteed to be wrong or at least disagreed with .
feel free to ask if you want to know anything about why i think something is true or if you want me to interpret a classpect or something .
i 'd honestly like to have some feedback because it 's always nice to hear another polite opinion .
since yesterday i 've came across this bug 4 times .
it just does n't blow up the reinforcement while the wall behind it is gone .
you can usually find a little gap where you can shoot through but you ca n't get passed the reinforcement .
did really annoy us cuz it happened in 4 ranked matches and is a real game changer.. pc btw
not tourists who you know but those you run into out in the wild
so far the battles are way more fun than zesteria battle system imo .
as stated the artes are now assigned to the 4 buttons and it teaches me to not mash the arte button like in the previous entries to pull off combos for the enemies weakness in turn hitting weaknesses give you more soul points so the game rewards you for preforming well in battle like innocence r 's rave gauge !
i have yet to fully grasp everyone 's fighting style still getting the hang of the combat flow but the controls are alright and the camera is helpful especially with the ability to move it now !
the field traveling was never a issue so that 's cool with me might be even more fun with the hoverboard lol. !
the skit looks cool they 're more action-y like one of those silly short jpn commercials between shows and i like it !
the only real personal issue i have is opening up the menu in and outside of battle is assign to the touchpad it feel awkward but i 'm sure i 'll get use to it !
there we go not the most professional writing but i felt i got my point across !
so this started happing with chrome this happens http prntscr.com/c1ea0o i tried clearing cache and cookies but it still happens if i use another browser youtube videos work so idk whats causing it
adding all friend safaris and can someone plz tell me my safari thx .
this is a short compilation of the dates i 've been on in my 5 years in seattle .
1 hanging out with a cute coworker we go to the dining room for lunch and on the way back we pass a group of guys .
she says that was my boyfriend '' so i think she meant that used to be my boyfriend '' .
nope that was her current boyfriend information i learned after she told me they had broken up and we had been dating for a few weeks .
2 meet a roommates cute friend at a party we go out on a date she ignores me and makes out with a guy because he has a split tongue .
do n't talk for a few weeks go on another date end up sleeping together .
she ends up moving into the house while she 's transition '' between housing her current boyfriends house and ... somewhere else .
3 went on a date with a girl another coworker different job i work a lot .
she shows up with her ex boyfriend when we were dating just gotten back together earlier that week '' stops talking to me at work .
fast forward run into her about four years later .
arrange a coffee date to catch up she never shows .
4 meet a friend 's cute friend at a birthday party .
she see 's the red sox wallpaper on my phone turns out she was a yankees fan .
5 met a girl on pof we go to a nice restaurant having good conversation and she asks where i live .
i tell her and mention that my landlord was planning on selling my house so i 'd probably be moving in a few months .
she starts grilling me on the square footage location condition of the house asking price and then ends the date asking for my landlords phone number .
6 go on a date with a friends friend to a local show she proceeds to get blackout drunk i carry her to the cab carry her into her apartment where i open the door and am greeted by one of her nice guy '' friends .
she does n't talk to me after that find out they started dating he tried to scare me off her and then apparently went in for the kill right after our first date .
there 's probably more i 'm forgetting but those are the ones i can think of off the top of my head .
dating in seattle is an absolute nightmare or maybe i have awful taste luck .
it 's my birthday and i 'm stuck at work .
and if your in or close to denton texas maybe we can meet up .
each hijacking '' each crash on 9/11 all of them real was done with a different method so that if one mystery was solved there was still a security layer for each of the other hijackings ''
we live in a military society not a civilian society .
as a liberal i acknowledge that trump is correct '' about a moratorium on all immigration but for a different reason refugees immigrants are now being used as a vehicle for false-flag terrorism by u.s./nato intelligence agencies .
there must be a moratorium until nato is dismantled until u.s. intelligence agencies are torn into a million pieces cast into the wind .
they are read laughed at strategically dealt with by the admins who work for the department of defense where reddit originates .
hello i am a trans girl and i need to use a binder on the occasions i spend time with my family .
my nipples are mega puffy and b/c i am pretty chubby my breasts are more noticeable .
i am only 5 months on low dose hrt .
i am also worried about the binder having negative effects on my breast growth .
does anyone have any advice on how to keep safely growing my breasts and also any suggestions for a cheapish binder ?
i 'm currently planning on limiting myself to a 1600 calorie diet and working out a few times a week and daily walks i was wondering if taking estrogen would help me lose weight at all ?
as mentioned on title i have record a series of touch and i needed it to playback the record on a spesific day and time
like jade was the most obvious and heavy handed foreshadowing .
but in that same ... let 's call its stretch of pages we got to look at jade 's various posters the most notable one being a pink/purplish cat witch .
in addition to that rose her scarf specifically that roxy took from her were always cheshire colors as her modifications to the bunny .
she 's always kind of been associated with yarn/string ... and it feels like a hell of a coincidence that god tier outfit princess jaspers joined perfectly together to make a dream self outfit .
finally we heard about dave 's fursona purrmusk a cat one with the hardest buttock in the jungle .
which seemed like a one off gag that was never brought up against until nepeta mentions it and how dave is her favorite ... and then the two literally fuse together to become davepeta who in addition to having the cat lips did in fact have many a reference/attention being drawn to their buttocks .
how manys of these were planned out ahead of time how much of it was stuff hussie bs 'd as went along how much of it was meant to just be fun silly stuff that happens .
but most importantly and this is the reason why i made this thread ...
why did we never see any johns fusing with bunnies ?
i make wool felt and am toying with the idea of incorporating my work into our van dwelling build that my husband and i are just starting to plan .
throw me any potential drawbacks you might think of to help me research please .
thanks van dwellers for all of the inspiration and information .
note i 'm using an ipad safari and do n't see flair '' anywhere on the submit page .
has anyone ever used a microkorg as a midi for their ipad ?
i ask this after being disappointed with the build quality of the arturia key lab controller
b/o 35 keys or 1:1 for knife ! ! !
really trying to improve here but can be hard when you do not get feedback .
any feedback about how to improve this would be very much appreciated .
let 's write some code that calculates how dependencies propagate between things such as classes in a program .
highly coupled code is code where the dependencies between things are dense lots of things depend on other things .
this kind of program is hard to understand tough to maintain and tends to be fragile breaking easily when things change .
there are many different kinds of coupling in code .
one of the easiest to work with programmatically is emph static coupling where we 're concerned with the relationships between chunks of source code .
simplistically we can say that class a is statically coupled to class b if the compiler needs the definition of b in order to compile
in many languages static dependencies can be determined by source code analysis .
tools such as make depend for c programs and jdepend for java look for explicit dependencies in the source and list them out .
one of the insidious things about dependencies is that they are transitive—if a depends on b and b depends on c then a also depends on c. so let 's write some code that calculates the full set of dependencies for a group of items .
the code takes as input a set of lines where the first token is the name of an item .
the remaining tokens are the names of things that this first item depends on .
given the following input we know that a directly depends on b and c b depends on c and e and so on .
the program should use this data to calculate the full set of dependencies .
for example looking at b we see it directly depends on c and e. c in turn relies on g e relies on f and f relies on h. this means that b ultimately relies on c e f g and h. in fact the full set of dependencies for the previous example is
the following code assumes that our dependency calculator is a class with an add_direct method to add the direct dependencies for an item and a dependencies_for method to return the full list of dependencies for an item .
the code uses ruby 's w ... construct which builds an array of strings from its argument .
once you 've got your code working try feeding it the following dependencies .
if not ask yourself is this is a condition you should have considered during testing .
once you 've got your code working with all the various test cases you can imagine let 's think for a minute about performance .
say we were using this code to find all the relationships between the inhabitants of the united kingdom .
how would your code perform with 55-60 million items ?
a simple wooden and metal arm strapped to a stump .
melee attacks with the weapon deal 1d4 slashing or bludgeoning damage .
user has disadvantage on climbing holding carrying etc ability checks and saving throws .
advanced magical prosthetic uncommon 500gp 20 days to craft requires attunement
these limbs are designed to serve another function in addition to their use as a limb usually these limbs have a concealed weapon or a set of tools or an arcane focus .
if the limb contains a weapon that weapon will deal 1d4 damage of the appropriate type and can be considered a magical attack .
because the limb is not flesh and blood it can be used for blocking attacks your ac increases by 1 if you are not holding a shield .
elemental magical prosthesis very rare 5,000gp 200 days to craft requires attunement
these limbs are constructed out of elemental energy and are formed of their respective element water earth fire or air .
the form of these arms can be altered at will provided they have the sufficient mass and the mass of the limb can be added to by materials of the same element .
unarmed attacks with these arms can be considered a magical weapon attack for the purpose of overcoming resistance and immunity to nonmagical attacks and damage..
in addition each limb provides you with specific attacks or abilities .
equipping an elemental limb raises your ac by 1 if you are not holding a shield .
your reach increases to 15 ft while not holding anything .
the limb can enter a hostile creature 's space and stop there .
it can move through a space as narrow as 1 inch wide without squeezing .
as an action one creature within 20 feet must make a dc 15 strength saving throw .
on a failure a target takes 1d8 bludgeoning damage .
if it is large or smaller it is also grappled escape dc 15 .
until this grapple ends the target is restrained and unable to breathe unless it can breathe water .
at the start of each of your turns the grappled target takes 1d8 bludgeoning damage .
a creature within 5 ft. of the restrained creature can pull them out of the grapple by taking an action to make a dc 15 strength check .
melee attacks with this arm are treated as though you 're wielding a 1 whip 1d4 1 slashing finesse reach .
if you take cold damage the arm partially freezes disabling all water abilities until the end of your next turn .
your reach increases to 10 ft while not holding anything .
additionally anything held or carried by this hand takes 1d6 fire damage at the start of your turn .
as an action you force all creatures in a 20 foot line must make a dc 15 dexterity saving throw or take 3d6 fire damage .
on a successful save the creature takes half damage .
unarmed strikes made with this limb deal an extra 1d6 fire damage .
if your arm is submerged in water the arm is temporarily quenched disabling all fire abilities until the end of your next turn .
your reach increases to 15 ft while not holding anything .
the limb can enter a hostile creature 's space and stop there .
it can move through a space as narrow as 1 inch wide without squeezing .
as an action you can force all creatures in a 20 foot line to make a dc 15 strength saving throw or take 1d6 bludgeoning damage and be pushed 10 feet away from you .
on a successful save the creature takes half damage and are n't pushed
this bonus can be doubled until the start of your next turn as a bonus action recharge 4-6 .
if your arm takes fire damage the arm is temporarily consumed disabling all air abilities until the end of your next turn .
additionally you count as one size larger when determining your carrying capacity and the weight you can push drag or lift .
earth ability rock pillar as an action you cause a pillar of stone to burst from a patch of exposed ground that you can see within 40 feet .
the pillar is a cylinder that has a diameter of 5 feet and a height of up to 20 feet .
the ground where a pillar appears must be wide enough for its diameter and you can target ground under a creature if that creature is medium or smaller .
each pillar has ac 5 and 30 hit points .
when reduced to 0 hit points a pillar crumbles into rubble which creates an area of difficult terrain with a 10-foot radius .
if a pillar is created under a creature that creature must succeed on a dc 15 dexterity saving throw or be lifted by the pillar .
if a pillar is prevented from reaching its full height because of a ceiling or other obstacle a creature on the pillar takes 4d6 bludgeoning damage and is restrained pinched between the pillar and the obstacle .
the restrained creature can use an action to make a strength or dexterity check the creature 's choice against the spell 's saving throw dc .
on a success the creature is no longer restrained and must either move off the pillar or fall off it .
you can only use this ability once before completing a short rest .
if your arm is submerged in water the arm is temporarily turned to mud disabling all earth abilities until the end of your next turn .
something weird is happening and i 'm not sure what to do .
ever since i can remember i 've been able to see things .
usually it 's just shadowy figures just on the edge of my peripheral vision .
other times i see little white figures like dogs standing just behind me or flashes of light in the sky during the day .
these things have never really scared me i tend to know when a situation or person is dangerous and should be avoided .
and i never did get these vibes from the things i see .
i know i 'm not just hallucinating because the occurrence of me seeing things tends to be sporadic .
i also know that it 's not anything like a detached retina as i regularly visit an optometrist and while my eyesight is n't great it 's not that bad .
i also do n't think it 's anything to do with shadow people as the things i see are n't always shadows .
i 've even seen full on colour like people wearing bright blue shirts but there was no one actually there .
i 've never tried to make contact with the things i see .
usually they 're too quick for me and gone before a i realize what 's happened .
i was at work doing an evening shift and had decided to pop out for a smoke break .
as i reached the corner of the gas station 's building and turned to the side far from the pumps i saw something .
there was a dark figure standing near the one tree on our property just out of the light .
i could tell it was n't just some sketch bag as it was pure black but there was something different about this 'shadow ' .
the strangest being that i was looking directly at it .
usually when i turn to look at these things they are gone .
this thing had n't moved from the moment i laid eyes on it .
i called out to it but there was no response .
i lit my cigarette and took a small step closer trying again hello ? ''
i 'm still very curious as to what these things are and i very much would like to know so i decided to keep trying to talk it .
the shadow took a step towards me while raising it 's arm to point at me .
i stood there for a moment lit cigarette dangling from my slightly parted lips .
i shook my head and continued with my break .
like a i said that was last week and i 've been seeing this same shadow every day since then .
sometimes it 'll be in a dark room just before i turn on the light pointing at me like it did that first night .
i never see it in broad daylight but when i walk home at night it 's always there .
i 've also realized it 's not pointing at me it 's holding it 's hand out to me .
i tried speaking to it again several times and i think that 's how it gets closer .
it knows i see it and somehow it seems excited .
i wake up in the night and see it standing by my bed watching me sleep .
it seems to be beckoning me asking me to take the hand .
i do n't care how my work is affected i want to be near it .
i sit in bed and stare at it for hours .
the dawn of a new day always makes me sad it goes away when the light comes .
i do n't talk to it anymore but i do n't need to .
it 's started talking to me whispering ever so gently .
it wants me to harm myself slice the skin it says .
i 'm sitting here now typing this in my dark bedroom with a large kitchen knife next to me .
i can feel the shadow thing leaning over me watching me type .
it 's still whispering telling me it wants me to join it .
i can feel it 's hand on my shoulder .
i think it 's time now time to give in and follow it .
you see i 'm not the only one it wants .
i 'm just a catalyst just because i see it .
it needs others to know of it so then others can see it too .
once you know of it you can see it .
i just spent 4 hours working on a very complexly shaped piece of plywood only to find out one measurement was off by 5 inches because i mixed up two different sections of the project .
i even checked the measurements twice just on the wrong drawing apparently .
it 's only one piece of plywood and a few hours but this is my largest screw up in years and i know i 'm not alone in having homer moment once in a while so what have you screwed up recently and how did you fix it ?
mines is coming up as n/a still is it still loading or has mine not refreshed yet ?
hey guys so i recently bought a second hand xplorer controller to use with my pc and xbox 360 the seller had n't used it in a fair amount of time and it had remained in a wardrobe collecting dust since 2008 .
when i plugged it in to test it and get it working the ring lit up momentarily and then went back to being off .
i 'm just wondering if there is anything i can try to get it to work on my own before i seek out a refund .
i have been in contact with the seller and he 's being very helpful so i 'm not assuming he just knowingly sold me a dodgy product .
like it is so stupid their are like 3 maintenance sessions a month on fifa .
while i have never once experienced maintenance with the other games i regularly play .
are eas servers some sort of special form which are ridiculously slow and need a shit ton of maintenance or what ?
ok so i play a lot of d.va and i also spent some money on loot boxes so that i could get enough coins to get all of her stuff .
in comes the summer exclusive skin i buy 55 loot boxes and now i have every single summer skin exept the d.va one .
or is blizzard going to keep that skin from me because of all the time i put into playing her ?
does anyone know the chances of a specific thing dropping from a lootbox so that i can feel better about not ever having a full collection ?
with luck i 'll be able to gain enough levels to grab some more boxes and keep trying but i have life too
remember the more ridiculous it seems the more likely it is to be correct .
i was at a locals and remembered somebody sending herald of the arc light to the grave for his eff .
i decided to build an entire deck dedicated to summoning max .
3x erebus you can trade-in this card and get it back
3x mega zaborg this monarch sends herald to grave for searching chaos max and chaos form also a trade-in target
2x ehther mostly for it 's quick-play eff along with kuraz for draw
3x eidos helps summon zaborg can help summon edea for longer games
3x chaos max heart of the deck 4000 body can summon with 1 monarch any nonbrick hand can make him .
3x herald of the arc light searches rituals when he is sent to grave
super quantal magnus red/green/blue-layer xyz i think you should be able to special summon all 3 xyz monsters with his eff but it does n't work on ygo-pro.
3x sanwitch extremely good card if i could run 15 i would in a heartbeat
3x mokey mokey chillest mf'er that there is made me a pothead
3x shapesnatch better than snatch steal and pot of greed .
3x frog the jam idk why it 's not a frog but he 'll always be a frog in my book .
3x minerva lightsworn saint i have a bunch i use them to scratch wipe my ass .
idk what i would take out for the main honestly .
edit magnus wo n't work in this deck so i 'll probably just replace the extra slots for other situational xyz 's .
you need a platform tag for your post 's title .
you need to tag the post with p for players when you are looking for people to join your game or g for game when you are looking for a game to join .
you finally need to have one of these tags in only if you 're looking for players to join .
in the main post you must put a template like this if you are looking for a game
i say this because when i play bandit i always feel like i could do with 1 more battery .
most walls take 2 reinforcements each so i feel like only having 3 batteries means you can reinforce 1 large wall or 1 wall and half of the other one .
if they did this i feel like reducing the amount of barbed wire to 2 instead of 3 would balance it out .
as the title says i have an issue as my savegames wo n't load i play unmodded .
i can play new games but wo n't load any here 's the output log
is it possible to calculate speed if i know my sationary wind speed and the wind speed of me traveling ?
looking to do some trolling for fish and wind speed is the only thing i 'm able get .
we would like to thank everyone who pre-ordered our individual debit cards !
at the moment we are preparing for card emission .
if you have n't pre-ordered your card yet you can do this following the link ► https www.alfacashier.com/debitcard-order
if you have any questions please ask them here ►https www.alfacashier.com/support
he 's made it clear that he wants me .
i 've rejected his offer '' lol and he just wo n't stop .
i 've never gone with it but lately he 's just been turning me on when he tries to seduce me .
idk what to do sometimes i just wan na hook up at work in the walk in but then i would never want to cheat .
the thrill of this all is just really getting to me and my head .
share what you know about what 's happening in our city .
newbies and visitors be sure to check out the r/dubai faq https www.reddit.com/r/dubai/comments/u675d/dubai_faq and wiki https www.reddit.com/r/dubai/wiki/index .
and do n't forget about time out dubai http www.timeoutdubai.com and whats on http whatson.ae/dubai .
submitted august 03 2016 at 08:44pm by u/sariel007 https www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/4w387b/north\_korea\_hopes\_to\_plant\_flag\_on\_the\_moon ? utm\_source=ifttt
submitted august 03 2016 at 07:28pm by u/cantlivebyyourrules https www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/4w2ze8/robbed\_in\_rio\_danish\_olympic\_team\_hit\_by\_thieves ? utm\_source=ifttt
that game is killing my thoughts distract myself from that sad life.i have depression.it 's one of two things which give me any reward i mean ranked games if you know what i mean..
and second one is gym i go there every 2 days and trying hard its weird but it became my habit i really regret when i miss my training .
i used to have breaks from that game about 6 months max ?
but it was all about my parents they took my computer .
i cant get rid off computer i need that.i have to do driver license so i have to do some tests on my computer i should uninstall lol but its hard thing to do .
im afraid 2 months left and i go to the university i need to work hard there but i dont know if i will manage to pass there if i have that stupid game on my computer .
i can add that since like 8 months met 10 different girls in real which i met through internet another positive thing but still alone anyway eh .
who have any ideas for essay or research paper topic school diversity please leave here .
i 've been finding people lately especially one person in particular who is positively prolific in the writing of fake reviews to tank specific products .
i 've contacted customer support and they definitely do n't care .
this one guy has been writing fake funny '' negative reviews since 2011 and he 's still going strong .
got a job in a shipping/recieving warehouse that deals with high end tvs and monitors servers the real ones in data centers !
i 've been there almost a month and a half now and i 'm starting to notice that the more confident i become the more mistakes i begin to make .
and when i 'm in do n't fuck up '' mode i look completely insecure and unsure of myself .
i 'm also noticing that i need like 10 hours of sleep to have enough energy to make it through the day and not getting it causes me to be nauseous from exhaustion .
which also makes it hard as hell to concentrate and do my job correctly .
i ca n't afford to ship a giant like 85 inch tv/monitor to the wrong place because i get exhausted and forget to check what 's being sent out properly and its leaving me with alot worry that i 'm going to get fired for making too many mistakes .
i ca n't afford to not be employed and it took me so long to find this job ...
when i try and install icon bundles it tries to remove anemone and my themes and then tries to install winterboard is iconbundles compatible with anemone ?
i 've been on a quest for spiritual relief for 15 years or so .
some kind of need to have an experience that there is something more has driven me on a search from religion to the next .
i guess most of us share that same need on some level .
i 've tried the liberal catholic church shamanism different buddhistic traditions but the one i got deepest into was zen .
i got my basic zazen teaching at a zen monastery straight from the sensei .
i did zazen on and off the longest period was maybe 5 months each day usually twice .
i did get a lot of benefits from doing it had some minor insights etc .
but having a bad back made zazen so much pain that i could n't continue .
or rather it took so much effort to deal with the uncomfortability is that a word ?
well after a couple of years from that i found out that the sensei was a drunk and what not the whole classic charade i guess that happens when a person gets too much power and influence over others .
at some point i came to the conclusion that there is really nothing real that the universe is just a chaotic place and we just happen to be on a miraculously stable planet in the midst of it all .
so i went atheist denied everything other than physical and scientific '' whatever that means but i hope you get the point .
i also went through a 20 year period of depression .
i 've gotten over it in the last few years mostly thanks to 8 months of psychotherapy with an extremely skilled therapist .
i ran out of money and could n't continue with it but anyways i got rid of enough emotional baggage there that i could function again at a whole new level .
now why i 'm here writing this is because after reading john michael greer 's books on societal collapse i noticed that he is heavily into druidic stuff and golden dawn and what not .
a lot of the stuff makes sense like the subjectivity of reality auto-suggestion through symbols and rituals etc .
but most of all it speaks to that part of myself that still dreams about an experience of something deeper .
i had a friend who died a few years ago .
i know he was heavily into aleister crowley they had a small circle of people who did that quite intensively i guess .
one of the other people in the group died of drug overdose and my friend died under similar conditions some time later .
he was always a very nice and intelligent person but the last couple of years before his death his personality changed .
even his long time girl friend told that it felt like he was not the same person anymore he had gotten mean and bad tempered etc .
i always had a hunch about those two guys that their deaths had something to do with their magick practice gone astray or something .
the other thing is what my zen teacher told me .
in zen they call the diverse distractions which emerge during zazen makka '' i guess it means a bad thing '' .
she said that all magick works on turning your attention to those makka that they are different powers that when fed with your attention can become dangerous .
in zen you are supposed to let the makka be and stay focused on the excersise .
even my therapist said that your issue is a difficult one because you are not so much afraid of something but you seem to be afraid of fear itself '' .
it 's hard to describe but i find it unnerving although necessary to pursue these interests of mine in magick for example .
ok that sounds weird and stupid but there it goes..
i bought greer 's celtic golden dawn '' book .
it 's interesting but i live in a small house with family and have no extra room to perform daily rituals and the like .
the new hermetics approach seems interesting as it seems to do away with the need for physical practicing space but the system feels a bit new-agey pyramid scheme with someone after my money.. maybe i 'm wrong about that ?
this morning as i left for work early a big black and white cat startled me sitting and staring at me on top of a tree stump that in front of our gate as i came round the corner .
the feeling was n't bad the cat just seemed curious somehow .
would really appreciate any comments and nudges in the right direction .
i 'm new to this section as i am willing to join the pc master race .
i am saving up for a new pc gaming rig to replace my mid-2012 macbook pro yes you did read that right. .
i 'm willing to spend with a budget under 2000 and would like to include a geforce gtx 1070 gpu .
as you can see in the title i am deaf so that 's a no-no to speakers or just ridiculously expensive sound system as i have hearing implants and can hear well i use a headset if that helps .
also another thing to note is that i could n't care less if it can overclock as long it can last for more than 4 years .
i use a wireless internet so please find a decent wireless adapter as well because i can not find a good one in google .
edit i 've already got a monitor and kb m .
i am currently living in ottawa but planning on making the move to your beautiful city in october !
so my question is this what 's the best studio the city has to offer ?
i am really into tattoos done in styles like realism comic book art and things of that nature .
i took a look at the studios brought up when i googled best halifax tattoos '' but i ca n't say i was impressed by what i saw on offer .
i 'd definitely appreciate any help i have a lot of work i 'll be looking to get done .
including the pasta sheets well the local pasta shop made them so i cheated a bit but they are fresh not dried .
we 're looking for solo laners who are smart early game and have a balance of passiveness and aggression .
we also need supports who peel well and know when to rotate properly .
knowledge of the meta good callouts and sufficient warding are also a must .
for more info you can also send messages to dbxtwistedxdb and dbxsheepyxdb .
so as blizzard showed us there can be a different number of au for example the original one where originally guldan betrayed nerzhul and directly operated with kiljaeden which led to the destruction of the orcs on draenor and their arrive on azeroth and the au as we know it where guldan never became a shaman never become nerzhul 's apprentice but directly became a warlock as they have shown in the harbringer video .
does this all mean that in the end there are an infinite number of au with an infinite number of kiljaeden archimonde and pheraps sargeras too ?
if so couldnt they always travel thru space and time always to come back to our reality ?
szayel would still be waiting for his death right now am i the only one who finds this cruel ?
he stares at the blade coming to his heart for centuries and mayuri tells him that the pain will last for over a hundred years .
i think that 's overkill and i ca n't stop thinking mayuri is evil after that .
i honestly think that would even break yamamoto/aizen ywach 's spirit if it happened to them
new recruiter is 3-step with a guaranteed 4/5 unit that has a duel skill on step 3 .
a list of the units that this applies to can be found in game and notably does apply to both premium swimsuit units laeva and longi detox_ptsd
we kill the brain sure but the narrators keep dropping hints that like you are the last edf squad that exists 2/3 of humanity is dead all bases have been destroyed and one guy is in control of airdrops and airstrikes .
it is important to remember that all killing the brain did is get rid of the earth eaters .
what 's to stop them sending another army of brains ?
the closing cutscene is damn disappointing and there is no sense of closure whatsoever .
with the remaining ravager forces and all the bugs that still exist does the humanity on its knees stand a chance ?
with luann's engagement party fully underway the ladies celebrate in style with mixed emotions and mixed cocktails .
on a morning yacht cruise jules struggles with long-distance parenting .
sonja 's feelings about luann 's engagement finally surface while tensions between luann and ramona boil over .
the ladies arrive in miami and meet up with bethenny who she tries to determine the severity of the secret/scandalous information she 's been given .
i 'm selling old steam accounts some of them also have hours .
please note that i 've got many other accounts in stock the accounts that you can see here are just a few of my all inventory
payment method paypal p​aypal sent as family or friends .
what i mean is this i have a pokestop infront of my house i can easily acess it without leaving my home but after activating once it takes forever over 1 hour or more for it to be acessable again .
i 've heard that it takes around 5-10 minutes for them to reset their time and give me some more goodies but it isnt reseting for me .
do i need to leave the area range for its clock to start counting the 5 minutes coldown ?
also if i need to leave the area does it have any tricks like turning off my connection or something so i can get some pokeballs while im home ?
never mind guys i fixed it was indeed my clocktimer needed to sync ... sry and thanks for the help
did a few more quests and he got a ton of xp .
after i turned them all in sent him to train before going to bed .
i was surprised when it said his training would take 9 hours .
until i realized he was going straight to lv .
we need another tag team championship and another women 's championship making those 2 exclusive to 1 brand is ridiculous
with the recent upvote/downvote changes it required users to subscribe to the sub in order to vote .
how do i check if i am/how do i do this ?
i thought i was but it seems i 'm not .
so every time i try to rename one of my pokémon my phone 's keyboard just opens and then instantly vanishes making it impossible to rename it .
if so is there a way to fix it ?
ps pokémon go is the only app where this problem occurs .
i will arrive in the morning and leave in the evening .
on foot carrying a bag so no swimming etc for me .
i 'm looking for recommendations of places that i should visit .
now i 've noticed people usually ask about your interests and hobie 's so they can suggest something .
i do n't know what i 'm expecting saying this but i 'm into cyberpunk/tech/etc..
i do n't know maybe i 'm lucky and this will give someone an idea what to recommend just thought i 'll share .
i 'm not really into food or wine tasting not looking for restaurant suggestions etc .
i would also like to see the city panorama from some highpoint roof etc if there is such a place .
i realize this is a bit weird question but thanks for any replies in advance .
i mainly played sns in monster hunter 4 and evasion 1/2 were practically necessary in higher ranks as our only realistic mode of defence against 1 hit/2 hit kills .
since playing generations i 've seen a lot of sets which omit evasion in favour of more offensive skills i just wonder how these players evade hits from monsters and limit the damage they take .
i know playing sensibly circling monsters and choosing when to engage and disengage are reliable ways of avoiding damage as is using round force as it makes you invincible for the duration but can you really just skip evasion entirely ?
i 've not tried sns adept style and i know it 's all about dodging maybe that 's the simple answer here ?
i just find that difficult to believe given how striker is the preferred style for a lot of sns players .
i 've using full gore armor with a random helmet with slots at the moment because i was getting frustrated by tail swipes on almost every encounter i 'm just not sure if i 'm missing something here .
i still block to avoid damage when there 's no alternative but that 's not going to work at g-rank .
lot 's of oddshots about it and i didnt see a single post advertising it.is there a list for upcoming tourneys ?
the british bulldog w james e. cornette and diana smith
three years can feel like an eternity in the world of professional wrestling and a lot had changed since bret hart and his brother-in-law the british bulldog '' davey smith headlined summerslam '92 in wembley stadium in front of an audience well over ten times the size .
the company was attempting to recover from the steroid among other scandals that riddled the world wrestling federation in the early nineties which you can read about in u/daprice82 's daily series the wrestling observer rewind https redd.it/4vzjgz bret hart had spent years carrying the company on his back .
hart 's hard work and dedication arguably kept the company afloat even as vince mcmahon used him as a tool to get over 'spectacles ' such as yokozuna diesel and the undertaker .
shawn michaels was a month away from winning the royal rumble for a second time and headlining wrestlemania .
a month prior hart defeated diesel for the wwf title for his third title run a transitional title reign that hart made memorable with defenses against diesel the undertaker and smith .
the british bulldog had recently turned heel with cornette as his mouth piece .
vince mcmahon had set the bulldog up for a main-event run despite a horrific showing the month before when he defeated diesel to become the number one contender .
the highly anticipated rematch from their 1992 classic was something people wanted to see and perhaps that was enough to keep smith 's push alive despite his previous blunders at the top of the card .
unlike their previous match the hart family which became an emotional focal point of the classic with their torn demeanor and distressed facial reactions were now firmly behind bret with the exception of his sister and his opponents wife diana hart .
this match told a different story one that showed a family divided and one that was no longer professional but personal .
the personal feel of the match would lead to something that was unfamiliar in the wwf at the time ...
during a time when the wwf was trying to be family friendly mind you that triple h 's infamous hog pen match and the undertaker and mabel 's casket match were also on this show it was not often wrestlers would blade .
this decision on bret 's part added to the match and added to the credibility of his championship reign while putting over the bulldog in ways that mcmahon likely had n't thought of .
once again bret was able to carry bulldog his words not mine to a classic match that is oftentimes overlooked by fans and wrestling writers and journalists alike .
to be fair the match was just as good if not better than the original because of bret 's work .
bulldog was obviously still on steroids during this time and was in considerably rougher shape than he was three years prior .
the match did an incredible job of making the viewer believe that bulldog had a shot to walk away with the wwf championship with the finish a la magistral suggested to bret reportedly by chris jericho the night before .
like the surprise sunset flip transition at summerslam bulldog kicked out right after the ref counted three . ''
bret hart was not happy with how things were going creatively even back in late '95 as he was poised to drop the title to shawn michaels a few months later at wrestlemania 12 .
however if one thing is true about hart he was an absolute professional before the infamous montreal screwjob .
he had another memorable match the following month at the royal rumble with the undertaker which he won due to the distraction of diesel setting up diesel 's swan song feud before he left for wcw .
after bret dropped the title he took some time off coming back to a world in which the good guy/bad guy formula was no longer working for the wwf .
his match with the british bulldog at in your house v seasons beatings is part of the beginning of the end for the family orientated wwf programming as they transitioned into the 'attitude era . '
in 1996 i acquired a vhs copy of this tape from one of my mom 's friends .
along with it i got a copy of that year 's world war iii although admittedly i was a wwf kid through and through survivor series '95 and a ufc tape something young me and current me would not enjoy re-watching .
in november of 1997 my mother passed away suddenly from a brain aneurysm and my two brothers and i were forced to leave ohio to live with our alcoholic father and his new girlfriend and her two kids .
we moved to a small town in indiana and my dad 's girlfriend would become his wife and my family of three became a family of six with the birth of my youngest brother .
my first memories of bonding with my step-siblings are watching these vhs tapes which also served as a reminder of my mother .
of the four tapes we always wanted to watch this show .
the undercard is shit i 'm not going to sugarcoat it .
but we watched it all the way through every time .
i 'm not afraid to admit that i 've seen the hog pen match two dozen times because i 've also seen the underappreciated classic that was bret hart vs .
the british bulldog for the biggest prize in the world of wrestling at least to nine year old me team wwf from the get-go .
it would n't be a post from me without some shameless plugs right ?
my phone wil be here tomorrow and ellsworth will be with us on tuesday and corino will be here with us on thursday .
i will update the original announcements and put them in the notice bar with times .
31 matches for 31 days the hub thread https redd.it/4rjv6q
follow us on twitter wredditofficial https www.twitter.com/wredditofficial if you want to be the first to know about the re-scheduled amas and about future amas .
hey guys i 've been a php developer for a few years yet i am extremely inexperienced in using frameworks .
my job covers typo3 i know a bit of magento from my ex job and have been studying laravel in my free time which i find freaking amazing by the way .
i have a bit of an issue understanding exactly where laravel 'fits ' .
is it a good framework to start developing presentation or blog-type applications ?
i 've taken a bit of interest in wordpress as a comparison .
now i do n't know wp at all but i 've seen people praising it and other people hating it .
the apps i wish to create are relatively simple presentation pages with a blog 'module ' part of the website .
the point is that i 'd like most content to be editable and so far i 've done a relatively decent job in laravel with a js-based rich text editor saving the page content in the db .
i will also implement adding pages from the front-end only logged in users being able to do so my target is avoiding clients asking me all day to edit this and that .
the point is that i feel a bit like i 'm trying to reinvent the wheel here like many junior/mid programmers tend to do i even tried making my own mini-framework you can imagine what a disaster that turned out to be .
would i just be better off using a different framework or cms ?
does wp for example even offer such a thing ?
now before you advise me to study harder and that i need to be an experienced programmer to offer such services i 'd like you to note that i 'm doing this mostly out of my own desire to learn and the product if it will ever get there will be initially for my acquaintances thus pro-bono .
amethyst was trying to tell her that she needs to focus on the things she can do instead of sulking over the fact she 's incapable of living up to some standard .
peridot never actually takes in that message even when the tablet is flying through the air she does n't get over her funk .
what happens instead is the gods take pity on her and suddenly give her the ability to live up to the standards she wants to .
peridot never learns to be proud of the skills she already has which are formidable mind you she built a mech fighter out of scrap metal in a few minutes and because of that i 'm afraid that at some point in the future she 's going to be back where she was right before she levitated the tablet .
suppose at some point in the future she discovers that there 's some limitation to her magnetic powers or finds out that other peridots are better at it than she is .
i think if that happens she 's going to be right back hugging her knees on that beach .
it 's my third favorite behind bwp and sl .
folklore/marrow of the earth are some of my absolute favorites from the band .
i think that the bass/drums were especially good on that album .
some people find that it is a bit unfocused and i get that .
i do n't see how pc is more focused than heritage .
i think the song structures on heritage are much tighter .
also the eerie opeth vibe is more prevalent on heritage than on pc .
songs like elysian woes goblin cusp and river are cool tracks but they lack that dark and sinister feel you get from classic opeth releases .
i was wondering if other people felt this way .
just wondering why i have a couple different creatures that say ' increase inventory ' in the creature power up screen .
the monks welcome him and invite him to stay the night and dine with them .
part way through dinner one of the monks stands up and yells out 56 ... ... the whole room bursts into laughter but eventually resume eating their meal .
dave thinks this is strange but does n't know what to do about it .
5 minutes later a different monk stands and calls out 341 and everyone laughs and laughs even more than before .
this pattern of calling out numbers and laughter continues throughout the meal .
eventually dave can no longer contain himself so he quietly asks the monk next to him what is going on .
the monk explains that they have all been living in seclusion so long they know each other 's jokes by heart a bit like reddit ... .
so dave thinks up a number stands up and says 72 ... and a deadly silence falls over the room ... not one person so much as smiles ...
dave meekly sat down and whispered to the monk next to him what did i do wrong was that an inappropriate joke for mealtimes or a joke invented by someone who has died ? .
the monk replied oh there was nothing wrong with the joke it was just the way you told it .
we stumble through too much pain to let happiness be lost in the grasp of this damned place we call home .
albeit the nature and beauty that we first discovered here makes it worthwhile .
hope everyone has had and will have a beautiful week .
i recommend watching batman the killing joke and hardcore henry .
there are a few in the armoury ot you can have one forged .
usually the weekly show is missable kinda 'catch up later ' sort of thing
yeah with the brand split and the cwc i have n't been able to watch nxt the last 2 weeks but i guess i 'll check out this one .
you wo n't experience such a sudden and large wave of thoughts when your head hits the pillow if you become comfortable with the ideas that are currently stressing you out .
giving them some thought during the day makes them less of a surprise later .
the overkill team seem to have been hit by the turbo boost lately lost of energy and love for payday 2 despite its age .
i look forward to all the sweet new heists that will come from that creativity while tweaks to the system keep dropping like its hot !
also the activity if possibly traced it would all lead back to ray who considering his business would also have motive to hack the fbi .
delete her from your world just like she has done to you !
be impossible to get a hold of and do n't take her text or calls .
if she is done with you then be done with her .
your to young to be hung up on someone that does n't care for your feelings .
34 million without mecs in 9 min is definitely doable in na .
if you have 4 people with master of sobriety title that means they can all do at leat 14.5k dps 1700khp/118 seconds because he stays around and runs the clock after you kill him so without buffs you have 54k dps .
any party with a lock a blue buff should be able to just dps rush him if the mec does n't wipe you .
it 's great that his job is fulfilling financially and intellectually as long as he 's not sacrificing his health or relationships for it .
my health is more important to me than anything and i 'd take a good work/personal life balance over more money at this point in my life middle age .
if i had a job that offered personal satisfaction and extremely lucrative compensation and also allowed me to maintain my health and personal relationships i probably would n't be in a hot hurry to re either .
i want the attack move '' option but i want it to attack when i release the key .
so i see the target icon on press and on release it attacks .
it 's one of those things that you will never know why he did that .
never a bad thing was said about him by his co-workers only that he was a real nice guy treated everyone with respect and everyone respected him back as one of the locker room leaders everyone could count on .
to this day his best friend chris jericho will echo all these things too and that there were no signs of something that horrible coming .
and when it happened and the circumstances became known everyone had to coup with perplexing feelings of how someone that everyone had that high in regard could do such horrific things .
it was then found that his brain resembled one of a 70 year old because of so much head trauma .
a lot of what they say there is by people that do n't know what they 're talking about and is just plain incorrect and misinformed information and most wrestlers they got for that are most likely bias e.g .
i just watched a bit of it again to confirm my old belief .
oh and do n't pay attention to the road rage stupidity nothing to do .
the media jumped all over it without checking when it happened but has nothing to do with it happening .
so ... me calling a transgender person the pronoun that they were born with ... that leads to their assault and rape ?
i visit us very often sometimes i stay a few months when it gets to hot in my country i also visit during christmas because my brother lives there .
my cousin asked me if i lived in a hut .
sure a dude who can fly international whenever he wants lives in hut .
does every american think every country other than their own or europe is a total barbaric wasteland .
woops i meant to say residue on the brass pill .
this is what it looks like with the emitter board popped off http imgur.com/a/t2gea
i ca n't seem to find a brass pill that fits easily online so i 'll probably take your suggestion and change to a new host which could open up some new options .
actually i just tried heating up the pill and it really softened up the glue i think i might be able to save this flashlight yet !
i ca n't believe anybody has the patience to make any stunt race let alone these really nice ones .
there 's not much that frustrates me but trying to make a track made me want to throw my monitor out the fuckin ' window .
the last straw came for me when i made something cool but it depended on a slow-down which i could n't get to stick on to the fucking track so i kept hitting the fuckin ' thing .
i dropped 8 ranks yesterday ... not on purpose was just tilted at least now people are ultra shit and i agree with you that the game only starts at at least 65 .
count calories is the answer here and it 's what you do n't want to hear .
some people like myself do n't feel satiated or hungry and can eat between huge ranges .
my normal to sustain my weight is about 3.1k cals but i can eat between 2.5k cals to 4/5k in a day and feel relatively the same .
this is especially true for people who were huge before like yourself .
other solution is make your own meals and avoid fast food resturants
your submission has been removed because questions about how something evolved in the past or will evolve in the future are n't eli5 appropriate .
please consider trying in r/answers and reviewing this faq https www.reddit.com/r/askscience/wiki/biology .
in the event your post has nothing to do with the above mentioned reason and you are asking a question unrelated to this topic please message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fexplainlikeimfive subject=can 20you 20review 20my 20thread ? message=/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/4w3e8e/eli5_why_did_we_evolve_unable_to_fall_asleep_at 0a 0athe concept i want explained 0a 0alink to a search you performed 0a 0ahow is this post unique to review your submission .
posts that do not answer the questions listed in the modmail form will not be reviewed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/explainlikeimfive if you have any questions or concerns .
i threw the damn flashbang right at his feet !
doubtfu ... to maintain a dictatorship one must have an outside threat one where the people will surrender their freedoms.to a leader who will protect them from'the others ' ... it is a method of keeping controls ... also in this case north korea is actively producing g meth and actually selling it in neighboring china and using the profits to fund their military ... .
maybe but there are better plays to earn independece .
i can tell you that a catalan terrorist group will assure that a independent catalonia will never happen .
why would you lose out on over 300 hs damage for 40 more crit chance ? ? ?
60 is enough and headshots on npcs are easy to land .
i 'm not really clued-up on how all this game dev '' stuff works so i am sorry for these questions being a bit weird and dumb .
i 'd assumed dlc for us would be reasonably easy because if you look around on gog you do see other games that do have in-game dlc available there too e.g .
democracy 3 the witcher 3 ... lots of threes apparently .
so it seems from the outside to be pretty simple just a few assets and some that need to be added to the game files and everything is then hunky-dory and all works ... but clearly not .
i 'd ask to find out more about what makes it complicated to add the dlc to the gog version but i suspect a large amount might go over my head a bit with technical jargon .
anyway as for the dice ... well i know in the steam version it 's about incentives for playing public multiplayer but for us ... if you 're perhaps open to suggestion about how to handle that ... again i ca n't say i 'm an expert on how things work so i might be saying something dumb here but i 'd be happy throwing a few dollars at them as vanity dlc items .
perhaps offering each at a price relative to their steam rarity or selling them as a full set ... either way would be something i would personally go for damn you collection-related ocd and might be a good way for the super-fans on the drm-free side to keep supporting the development a little more actively .
some people probably would n't like it but it 's not like they have to buy these things either so just a dumb suggestion on my part once you figure the dlc thing out with gog .
anyway now that i 've gone through all that and probably look a bit silly ... thanks for taking the time out to respond .
i am happy you guys are looking in to it and at least know there 's demand .
you guys and indeed your game are awesome so keep up the great work .
there are airless tires https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/airless_tire but they are inferior to air filled ones .
air cushions are just really good at their job .
plus it 's not like i 'd ever had a puncture in the last 10 years or anyone else in my family ...
i imagine it would take much much longer to be the number 1 martial artist .
if i could get it all downloaded into my brain and body magically i 'd take that .
otherwise it would take a lot less time to become the number one marksman in the world .
note there were plenty of ss units which basically were as fucked as the warsaw ghetto rebels .
look up some of the foreign ss units like the baltic ss who realized they were n't going to leave the courland pocket and still resisted well the ones who didnt end up pushed into czechia
7 might be the best season from the second half of the show
'' i 've enjoyed it immensely so far are your knees weak and your arms heavy ?
'' i 've heard morgan or daryl but i doubt it 'd be daryl you probably should n't say that what a dick what zombie apocalypse of 2013 ?
'' i 've ever made he was n't a very big character .
'' i am in bed lol did he reply yet ?
'' i 've seen he seems like an okay guy but just has a lot of shitty fans .
'' i 've never been hit on so ... ''
because she had been on the show for two whole weeks before she knows everything .
it will be helpful in fallen strikes fallen poe levels .
those 30 seconds having an extra gun to thin out crowds can really help .
it 's kinda sad that it 's one of the first things we have to do in a game where communication with your teammates is so important
and i was getting use to playing above 40 fps on a 32 man server team fight .
seriously how do you make 12 man fights so choppy ?
i think maybe because the female fanservice is a little more gratuitous and unnecessary .
like the guys always look badass in fights and that is n't compromised by having a panel at the strangest angle just to get an upskirt shot of lucy 's camel toe or something .
that kind of stuff is what people complain about and it never really happens to the male characters but that 's just what i think .
planet generation can be tweaked the racial starts are literally adding a custom quest and patching one file and you have a point about the pet system .
no kidding but that does n't mean everyone was happy about it or that they deserve him unless they actually voted for him .
i mean its pretty bad a lot of places .
watch this segment on how underfunded a lot of 911 call centers are .
i feel terribly sorry friend but i have to refuse .
but if it 's allowed here i could use a smoke .
again i apologize for turning down your offer . ''
i havent been on r/socialism since i got banned despite the ban being only for 7 days .
i might return later but the amount of people celebrating when cops got shot in dallas was unnerving
my 280x has terrible coil whine you can hear it in the other room it drives my gf mad
oh yeah the number of people who ca n't speak chinese is extremely frustrating at times .
500,000 pushers and addicts surrendered last month that 's about 0.5 of the philippine population or more than twice the population of guam .
meanwhile we see so many people with senator de lima at the forefront crying human rights ! ''
esperanto is also nice as an internet language and it can be practical i just wish it was more wide spread
warhammer fantasy but archaon was once a normal human and he brought down a bloodthirster solo with nothing but medieval era weaponry .
warhammer fantasy armies still fight daemons and a lot of them are just regular medieval guys .
even the daemon codex 40k references a feudal planet that is successfully fighting off a daemon invasion which would pretty typically involve killing a number of greater daemons .
if medieval level troops can do it it 's not unreasonable an extremely skilled grey knight with far better in equipment training and preparation can do it .
it 's not like the daemons are any different from fantasy to 40k either same models in both systems .
my 5x charger makes very quiet static noises when my phone is fully charged and plugged in .
i really do n't know much about batteries and chargers .
you can take those whack plugs out of your ears and put them back in your ass now ya fukin mitch
the clickbaitey bullshit style which is sadly financially successful originates from his company .
i was just about to compliment that exact point .
i would have loved to see some more stains on the stove though .
link to the stories list threw out a page not found '' on me at first when i checked one of the more recent snapshots but when i went to an older one everything started working .
maybe the newer snapshots were made when something was broken on the site .
as someone who plays the deck you will rarely be able to turn on battalion for the loyalist you simply do n't run enough creatures
i do n't know any good dragon priest lists off my head but if you look through vods from reynad https www.twitch.tv/reynad27 or kibler https www.twitch.tv/bmkibler i 'm sure you 'll find a list .
i believe i saw reynad playing dragon priest recently as he 's doing a priest-only month .
kibler just plays a ton of dragon and priest in general so he very likely has played on recently .
huh went there subscribed and said so much empty '' ...
i guess this is n't a dumb blonde chick friendly type of site because i 've been on one day and ca n't figure this shit out .
is it still sourcing just talking about vendors in general in this sub ?
agreed it 's much simpler to imagine neurological effects of the powerful ?
my longest is 27m and i 've got not excuse .
the first nintendo console i 've owned myself was a wii up until then i 'd played them at friends borrowed one for a while so no huge attachment to any of those .
mario kart wii is okay some great tracks but way too much rubberbanding .
but if you have n't tried it yet i seriously recommend mk8 that is the wiiu version which i got later on .
if you 're a fan of battle mode you will be disappointed it is rather gimped but as a kart racer it is wonderful .
the zero-g '' sections are just amazing and bowser 's castle has never been better imho .
and while i generally am not for dlc 12€ for 16 additional tracks even with a zelda track in which you collect crystals instead of coins with authentic soundtrack/sounds more characters/vehicles is just incredible value .
you can just start hcg once you need your balls back .
and you should only take bp meds if cardio and reducing processed foods did n't help .
i had pretty hefty issues but they subsided after a few months on 20min liss every morning .
if the deaths were proportional to the crimes being committed there should actually be more black killed in police incidents but there 's not even that .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules .
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=rule+1+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/4w3tau/ever_used_an_escort_female_uk_users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah adam used the 500k to fund a drug ring and matt was in on it .
had the same issue on my car mk22 which is internally idental .
seems to have gone away after some wearing in and when i started using a higher amperage battery .
been using a 7.4v 25 c 1450mah lipo and a 7.4v 20c 2000mh lipo with no issue .
get a better battery and make sure to do full trigger pulls .
i 'll get the mashed potatoes and slow cooked stew .
like the other guy said you want to be a bit more reputable before giving advice .
i would n't take advice from someone that 's not tier 1 masters or higher .
that does n't mean you cant produce successful content though which just is n't based on helping others improve .
i saw the warning and i did n't heed it and now i wish i had .
i thought similar but are you not a little worried by your transfers so far ?
seems like the committee are having just as much say as they did under rodgers .
i thought klopp would have a huge advantage by having most of the previous season to assess his squad and work out who wanted to bring in but so far it seems like you 're just making the same kind of signings you have for years .
does n't suggest a huge amount of progress for you and honestly you need quite a big leap forward if you 're going to compete with mourinho and pep teams .
i 'm happy to be proved wrong though i 'd like to see what klopp can build with you .
i have all those blueprints and none i use come from manufacturing it .
if anyone run around in the dz with manufactured crap yes it is crap in 1.3 i could understand why people get melted .
just out of curiosity please name one thing you can get from manufacturing in the dz that you can not get elsewhere and that also is useful in 1.3 ?
do you have to say people who voted for brexit '' brexiters '' '' leavers '' '' quitters '' ?
you can call a professional and he 's going to take a hose and spray the coil with water .
all the electrical parts caps contacters etc are enclosed .
it 's an outdoor unit it 's made to withstand water .
well my best friends girlfriend had to stab a would-be robber in a small mountain town in central china somewhere so i guess that qualifies but i 'll be down-voted to hell for not being the stabber and not knowing details .
sadly he probably will i dont think its really anything to do with it but he seems type of person that would feel guilty over all the streaming if he feels hes not playing his best hes always mentioning practicing on stream like he feels in back of his mind he should be doing it and not streaming .
the main issue is they have a few players who dont seem to be very flexable or good on much bar 1 or 2 heroes which means seagul has to go reaper or zayra or whatever alot of the time .
nah i was saying i agree with him but am a woman .
i hope it is n't construed as a pro-hillary comment because no thank you to that !
i would never cheat on him but i am going to be exposing his sisters husband not even after 24 hours of meeting his family .
just say mark gave me this note while you were speaking with your sisters .
i 've been playing a similar deck for a few days now with tormented demon 's it 's great .
can ramp ap aggressively while keeping up sustained damage on your opponent .
if you do n't stop and look around once in a while you could miss it .
i have no cell service outside my apartment and only like to look around and see what 's happening .
just noticed that all low level gyms around me keep getting taking over by the same several people .
walked around to try and find some people playing but found no one .
you have massive portions compared to the nordic countries .
more than i or most of my friends can eat usually .
they got sort of angry at us at one restaurant because of how much we left on our plates .
it was a small place in a small town .
they thought we were being rude to the old couple who ran the place .
we did our best to explain how we actually loved the food we were just genuinely full .
but yeah to me your portions are generally gigantic .
usually no room for dessert unless i leave something from the main dish .
i think the xps 15 seems like a good choice but it is rather expensive for the specs you get a 960m gpu .
the one you link is also an older model .
if you are thinking about other games as well i would prefer a 970m gpu with this budget considering future games as well .
what about the asus rog strix gl502vt-ds71 https shopineer.com/laptops/asus-rog-gl502vt-ds71 ?
it has a good balance between build quality performance battery life form factor and sufficient cooling .
here is a detailed review http www.notebookcheck.net/asus-rog-strix-gl502vt-ds74-notebook-review.167302.0.html if you are interested .
alternatively if you want an even smaller/lighter laptop what about the gigabyte p34wv5-sl2 https shopineer.com/laptops/gigabyte-p34wv5-sl2 ?
misery did play a pudge in a recent tournament iirc it was the same game where an invoker on his enemy side hit sick combos at rosh pit .
i 've never said we should n't restrict guns at all .
read the comment i posted that you originally responded to .
i specifically said impossible to restrict the number of guns '' .
i said that because your entire comment seemed to imply that because of some magical factors your country ca n't do that .
but that 's a fallacy because while gun crime is a complex issue in the us that is not the reason why reform is n't happening .
i am from england but i live in japan and i want to buy my first bike .
i have been riding small bikes and mopeds for around a year in thailand and the plan is to get an english motorcycle licence next time i 'm back home and buy a bike in japan when i return .
does anybody have any recommendations for a good starter bike in japan ?
i will mainly be commuting but i would also like to take it on camping/hiking trips probably no off roading .
i am looking for a bike that is low maintenance but i also want to learn about how fix bikes .
i am thinking either a kawasaki 250tr or suzuki gn125 ?
they forgot to mention that all the yoga increased his rape yoga power level from all the hip bending asans and such..
norin is a weaker stax general than daretti a weaker midrange-combo deck than purphoros/krenko and a weaker pure combo general than kiki-jiki .
there 's no compelling reason to field him as your commander .
if you want to play monored stax then stick daretti at the helm because he actually does something .
i understand what you are saying but that doesnt mean that they wont be directly compared .
battleborn and overwatch are two totally different games and are still compared because they are both fps games .
i would also say that d3 shares a lot of traits of an mmo .
either way i hope i can enjoy this game and diablo 4 eventually .
if i got an ice cream cone every time i got pulled over i 'd speed alot
hey i did n't write the study intestinal autophagy improves healthspan and longevity in c. elegans during dietary restriction
i have heard it tastes fairly sweet and fruity but economically not worth selling as fruit .
nintendo has much stricter policies on what they 'll accept on their platform .
there 's a shop outside guanghua that sells radio and stuff
there is not a single piece of evidence that jesus existed other than the bible itself .
there are only documents/letters that mention christianity as if it sprang out of nowhere .
if you want keep up on latest csgo news i recommened checking out this site called hltv.org .
its like any other news site expect it posts only csgo related news .
it 's a fairly complicated phrase that 's hundreds of years old but the original phrase taken literally is to take a dead animal cook it and have a meal .
essentially they 're asking you out on a date .
what kind of save stored or exported is n't working for you and what browser are you using ?
i 'm not having any issues with saves on my end o_o
nice groove to this for sure..i would switch up the bass sound and hi-hat..good use of space and manipulation of the vox.breakdown at 1.10 is silky smooth
the trap card is being overused its losing its power
except it was around 4-5 girls all gasping at once when i said we speak english in australia !
well they were high school girls drinking on a holiday before college soo
shoulda been here a day ago when someone posted this exact same thing but with trump '' in place of hillary '' .
while waiting for a reply check out our guidelines rules https www.reddit.com/r/photoshoprequest/wiki/index wiki_guidelines in case you missed them or take a look at some gilded comments https www.reddit.com/r/photoshoprequest/gilded .
keep in mind that any violation of the rules may result in a ban .
if you have any question check out our faq https www.reddit.com/r/photoshoprequest/wiki/index wiki_faq before contacting the mods .
once your request is fulfilled please remember to thank who helped you and to mark your post as solved .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/photoshoprequest if you have any questions or concerns .
my htc dropped a 1000 times never broke the screen .
other than that pretty shitty phones to be honest .
housing 3 million refugees is a big problem for turkey and that problem was solving itself until this stupid deal .
nope i play on rustafied hapis which is between 70 and 100 all day .
if listening to music occasionally which i only do when i 'm farming with just tools is how i play then it 's how i play .
i could say that not listening to music while playing is playing the wrong way because you 're not enjoying it enough and not experiencing the game at its fullest .
then again i 'm not an asshole and everyone plays their own way .
all interaction should provide xp because no matter how you consider real '' gameplay you 're playing the game and should get xp .
rust lets you do anything and play any way .
that 's some real bad luck right there never heard of a kid doing a knee ligament prior to adolescence before .
my knee was shot by the time i was starting high school .
tendonitis in patellar patellar tracking problems and the tendon at the back of my knee would tighten up and send shooting pains down my calf and into my ankle .
i ran a lot as a kid was n't blessed with speed or a big tank so i wanted to work my arse off to get as fit and fast as i could .
the problem was i had a bad foot strike i had bad footwear runners with elevated heels and i ran on hard surfaces especially during summer when i did n't really have a choice .
and that 's the case for many people on both sides
have to appreciate that pink floyd reference and if that was n't done on purpose do n't admit that it was n't .
did you get this from the card game fluxx ?
speaking as a woman being stared at by a man in a van as you walk down an empty street can be very intimidating .
you really never know what someone is going to do .
i have been followed home on multiple occasions and i 've also been assaulted on the street but i grew up in a horrible neighborhood and i do n't know if this is the concern of most woman .
i actually feel safer with men i trust around me .
you do have to catch em this time as with magearna you 're given a qr code that adds it 's basic seen '' entry to the pokédex setting up a flag that allows you to locate and catch it as that 's how the qr codes for this game work .
we are called millenials.. we were raised to be little assholes who get participation trophies .
its gen x 's fault for making us so sawft
seriously gw you did n't need the second coming of the eparah .
least the rats are doing great i feel a little sorry for the pervert though .
pretty sure that is cgi based on how it looks and moves .
and i am not saying that because i belief it 's impossible for these balls to exist .
star trek was ok but suicide squad was kind of shite .
you put them on and see.. shadowy figures floating all around the house etheral and black swarming staying inchs away from you
i laughed when he got zapped and went down .
but seriously i wonder why the officer was n't concerned that there may have been someone else in the vehicle .
he 's got his back to the right side for much of the encounter .
it 's almost as if they allow bias to influence their articles and then call it fact ''
i 'm gon na be straightforward and ask this right now is she married ?
doubt it but uncommon cars that are not japanese tend to fly under the radar in the us .
in general the more adjectives the product has the less genuine it is .
front http i.imgur.com/mkghqu1.jpg i got one of the other s ones to compare .
after thoroughly reading that article i might have talked myself into it being a large s its hard to tell with this condition but the height of the s doesnt match but its definitely larger than the rest .
1917 dated 1911 all correct incl addl new barrel and including orig colt .22 conversion kit with 2 each mags original for 750 .
why do n't you post a video here for all to enjoy ?
i love how the left complains when critics cherry pick examples yet all i see in this thread is guilty-by-association of trump as a candidate .
i 'm sure i could easilly find sexist criminal apologists dangerous economic policy supporters at a hillary rally .
are you for h1b 's proven corruption and the status quo of elite industrialists controlling the economy ?
there are some legitimate grievences against crooked hillary and no reason to try to prove these racists are the reason not to vote for trump .
so this is what i came up with what do you guys think ?
shucks there goes my dream of marrying a beautiful rock lover from reddit
other posters are correct it 's the incoming house 1 state 1 vote .
vikings should have the same low winrate then if you ask me .
too big of names not the problem and not enough space to support them the problem .
it 's sad that this election cycle is making this level of class from the president a thing of the past rather than the standard .
got this and another 120ml for 26.00 with express shipping .
humble juice co kicks straight ass it 's really nice juice .
does the man of your house beat his family so that they know to agree with him about everything ?
i 'm not a science expert but i mean that the metaphor i was told was as follows
what cbd is to thc this miracle cure is to the psychoactive component in ketamine
for me it 's a big yes because the only thing wrong here is the editing .
if this is the same vagina from your history it 's actually very pretty your wife ?
but you 've done pretty much the opposite of what you should do with editing .
if anything lower the contrast but do n't overdo that either .
then either go for black-and-white or color but never try to do both with skin tones .
otherwise it will always look like a forensics picture .
black-and-white can be really nice as long as you 're not messing with the levels .
also photoshop has a way to do black-and-white with filters .
a yellow filter will kind of make her skin glow and keep her labia nice and light .
but try it case-by-case because it does n't always work .
did n't mean to write a novel but the editing of pictures is fascinating to me and i bet if you re-edited or posted as is she would go right to the top .
eh you can still swing a sword with four fingers .
i 'm sorry but i have to say it .
give it at least a god damn chance dude come the fuck on .
i had a roommate in college who tried that he eventually gave up and sold his stuff on farmington 's craigslist .
it might be worth it if you can make the drive
zane lowe said it 'd be a week to remember bro this shit is coming out tomorrow .
that 's a big ole chunk of butt release joe dirt outtakes
plus it 's more fun to scrape or peel off the dry dung .
and if you collect enough you can use them as fertilizer .
i 'd post that on the amazon support forums directly at https www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/forums
what lies on it 's back a hundred feet in the air ?
i messaged cineflix about this last year this http i.imgur.com/llqcebl.png was their response .
it 's a very fascinating crash with accusations cover-ups burglaries involves a lot of research and politics .
probably why they decided not to make this episode .
i know the weather channel made an episode about this crash but it 's garbage compared to the quality of aci .
i recommend watching this https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=yp36x0bsmq0 documentary from tvnz on the crash it 's a bit dated but it 's very detailed on what happened .
i swear i searched for it in the sub must have used the wrong key word .
i have been to that website and tried to see what their writers are actually writing .
most if not all of the articles are straight copies of other places .
ca n't use the word plagirism because they are a 'new media ' publication and recurate social content .
i think i can do that better just by using scripts !
edit what if we copy straight off them and present it differently and start stealing their page impressions ?
i am sorry i am pissed at the world right now !
i 'm currently living in a house where odd stuff like this happens constantly .
but i kind of enjoy the fear it brings .
it might be because i 'm older and not so crazy about going nuts down there over enjoying the performance up close but there were a lot of people i would 've loved the opportunity to punch in there .
no one who is n't fringe will ever be on board with a party that has a track record and comical platform that the greens have .
the party that replaces the democrats needs to be able to be able to be taken seriously and not have such baggage .
the green party is n't ever going to eligible for prime time .
the types of things that they say regarding science economics consumerism finance etc are the butt of the joke of anyone who has trouble taking the left seriously at all including people who identify as liberal .
liberals are self-loathing because of the type idiocy that the fringe purpose .
i think it actually did have an rda head that would explain it .
how could she become friends with someone who blew up her house and tried to drown her ?
i was training a gym with a 1024 golduck vs my 1150 jolteon .
before the update i could dodge and attack twice .
now i try to dodge fail get hit and attack once .
that 's just not how this game is played .
some bits were poor i probably laughed twice felt nostalgic at the cameo 's but all in all could 've been better .
the whole film seemed like a homage to the original .
just when the film gets going bang there you go have another cameo/throwback to the original .
you begin to invest in the storyline of the new gb 's and they throw you off again .
i mean ok its funny to see a stupid thor but they just ham it up so much .
they could 've had a joe in there and given more time to the villain which we 'll come back to later .
they do n't even do anything with the fact wiig is infatuated with him and he just has no idea .
that sub plot does n't resolve at any point nor does it evolve into anything .
its like omg we got thor to come into this movie ok what can we do and they sorta make him opposite-thor .
he had barely any screen time and no build up what so ever .
apart from that scene when gb 's confront him there 's no back story or anything .
what leads him to the occult why does he do all of this .
so all kids who get bullied go to the dark side of the occult ?
they could 've had this crazy guy who unleashes the dead and made a strong super natural villain but they dont .
they find those gadgets that the guy has been building to summon the undead they find a working one and do nothing with it ! !
and their explanation of how he 's managed to build it is because he read the book like that 's got a step by step guide on how to raise the dead .
to me though it was holtzmann 's character that i found the most confusing there she is this brilliant scientist and she 's so off the loop .
its like wtf your not even mad scientist your just bizarre .
jones was ok too i think the fuck up they made up with her was including that ghost slapping scene in the trailer and people kinda assumed she was the loud black woman stereotype .
she builds better credibility imo as the film goes on .
they did a lord of the rings and carried on from when the ending should 've been .
yes i know lotr books carry on after the ring is destroyed .
they should 've defeated the ghost not done the emotional i 'm not leaving you again dialogue they should 've just gone i got you !
as soon as the ghost is defeated they stand up and people cheer your name to show they 're finally accepted .
then in the mid credits scene you run the deny everything scene and end scene they finally end up at the fire station .
that whole sandwich bit was stupid at the end .
the whole hey i got overall 's and boom they come out with them did they just get changed in the car ? ? ?
not that the ranger is underpowered or the booster is overpowered .
i stated specifically in the thread that i 'm not devaluing the ranger or overvaluing the booster .
you should n't trust the grocery chain you frequent often for your food either .
every single person in the deli slicing your meat is the exact same and every single person there does n't know how to do their job and every single one is a hoarder who does n't shower or wash their hands and sleep in cat piss .
every single jew in the world is out to leach from you and you are a perfect human being .
i think the limit for repubs has always been veterans .
you just do n't poke at the military or war heroes or veterans when you 're a republican .
was there a discount on b-roll inspiring '' statements floating in the sky or something ?
in his honour i may try poutine on the ritz .
probably a bad idea of course as ritz are wusses in cracker land triscuit is king .
i think the problem is that it would be hard to create a mechanic to do that .
how the game would know that you 're doing that ?
imagine if you just get the units and attack with good faith but the defense was stronger than you expected and you lose the units in a way the game identify as sacrificing .
would n't be unfair to be punished just because you lost the units too fast or something like that ?
also the css have some pretty good bonus might not be a good idea to just take all it 's units and send in a suicide mission you still want the cs to survive the war .
will they be executed on the spot like saddam did when he gained power ?
i doubt they did this in the first take .
imagine how annoying it must have been to reset the scene before doing a new take .
having to clean up all the fake blood especially must have been annoying as heck .
the first pregnancy occurred a while ago while we were still in school .
i continually have to unpair and repair after every sleep to hibernation to get the buttons working on my pen .
move set the new pokémon gets is random within its possible moves it can learn
this is a funny article about the la dodgers about how they didnt have water fountains when dodger stadium first opened http articles.latimes.com/2011/apr/03/local/la-me-0403-then-20110403
some of these silos are steal working to fire a nuclear missile anywhere in the world .
i appreciate your response and i will take a look at the link you provided the idealist in me hopes someday soon that human labor practices gain a voice in the cosmetic industry much like vegan/cf are today .
man fit is goingst two go an beet yu up fam
i 'll keep my phone in my pocket so it does n't count as part of the room .
like political correctness aside who criticizes a guy for getting captured when he was shot down over enemy territory broke 3 limbs during the process and was dragged barely alive out of a lake where he had been in the process of drowning ?
like maybe if he 'd surrendered at the first sign of the enemy in ground combat but mccain has like the best excuse in the history of good excuses for getting captured .
what was he supposed to have done bitten his wrists open while being dragged ashore ?
he could n't even move one of his arms to get at it even if the idea wasnt batshit ffs .
we should just activate griezemann 's release clause and see if he wants to join .
he would fill three roles admirably could play as a striker without giroud could play with giroud in a 4-4-2 could play as a winger on the left or right in a 4-3-3 .
75 mill is a lot of money but not in this market when you consider what was paid for higuain and pogba not that pogba was n't worth it .
that 's pretty cool i should look into something like that .
a fully trained specialist that is qualified to be an attending/consultant but has n't been given such a post because there just is n't a job available for them yet .
they 'd be called resident doctors even though they 've completed 'residency ' .
i do n't know why but whatever the reason is i doubt it 's worth your energy .
i had to laugh a little when they said it 's the most prestigious award a chef can receive and the freaking michelin man pops up on that display .
but in all seriousness that 's awesome for that guy .
wow this automoderator is really getting on par with the one at r/oldpeoplefacebook
but also blink technically stopped being punk with chesire cat .
it 's weird to see bruce wearing a shirt that actually fits him .
and realistically whalen is probably a 4/5 starter at best .
yeah i 'm 75 sure it 'll drop at 11 tomorrow but i could also see it dropping friday if frank needs more time for his live stream to unveil or something .
definitely not any later seeing as how apple has been tweeting and posting on instagram about it this week
really would love to meet some people around the area that are as crazy as i am .
i 'll take detroit 's skyline over a boring sunbelt one any day .
now that sounds like a golf game i 'd like to watch .
sloths crocodiles and giant rodents against men with sticks and balls !
usually i wind up in intensive care so they go through the whole gambit .
my neuro does n't take the time to explain things when i can grasp them quite a bit later and it makes my family uncomfortable to talk about though they got all the details at the time .
i think i need to get whatever documentation i can and find a new neuro .
coming from a person with 70 hours in life ...
this is the most reasonable response i 've heard in regards to genji 's strength and him needing '' a nerf .
the man is a human wrecking ball https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=dxqtxllpj6w
most fat activists tend to be very bad at understanding how statistics work .
assuming you are thinking lake tahoe which this does seem to be .
the workshop dlcs hardly have any story elements in them .
automaton is a fun thing to have but the story was average .
far harbor is just as good as some of the dlc for new vegas .
i see that movie on netflix is it any good ?
at least that 's balanced by being a support ult .
fast charging kill you dead '' ults are infuriating because it just takes one player to be good enough to get kills .
ana ult requires a good ana to know when to use it and a good target to know how to utilize it .
i 'll still buy the next mass effect on the cheap .
bioware has shitty politics but its whatever to me at this point .
i have had him forever and am waiting to make him good .
i have the 38x zoom and it over saturates heavily on greens and blues .
and this does n't tell you what size sensor it has .
that being said the manual controls are nice finally and it 's a great price .
i 'd rather have that than the dslr lens equivalent when backpacking .
basically any good university these days is basically the same except instead of enlightenment you get a piece of paper and a million and one dollars of debt
so you 're just gon na act like will smith does n't exist ?
have you been charging in an off board charger or through the port ?
it 's sad that today she said basically that she does n't care about the game anymore and that she 's not gon na stress it .
di ko alam kung totoong may serial killer kasi wala naman sa news .
as in yung mga tao nagbababala tulad nang ganyan .
water wartortle panpour and let me know when you 're on pss so i can tell you your third .
smoaks pitching a tent under the thing and he just comes barreling in and almost fucks it up .
i feel like in an situation that is the first baseman 's ball .
looks like he was sort of arguing with him afterwards too
she had n't heard of such a thing before .
turning so she could place her back against the solid stone wall she continued looking at him .
he seemed awkward in the way that men could be awkward with also a hint of ... what was that ?
she swore she could 've seen a deepening of the color of his cheeks in the light .
in any case she was n't about to make a case of it .
she would allow him to be embarrassed just this once .
and could we really be so close as three thousand years ?
it seems like such a short time ... trailing off she noticed just how exasperated she sounded and quickly shut her lips .
are you sure they are not just stories or theories ?
good to know hannity and o'reilly are doing their part .
i 'm a big fan of seeking information from independent sources .
i find that i work much better with an external design that i fill in .
maybe that hdmi 2.0 is an issue they flat out call for hdcp 2.2 sorry i could n't help op .
the video the music and the title on the twitter post is trivializing death or at least a fatal injury in such an inhumane way .
this is after the show of solidarity in the post regarding the dying rebel between this subs users today .
do you know what the difference aside from price is between p1 and p2 ?
i can rack up about 5-8 balls per day living that burb life .
and with the new catch rate that means 1 or 2 pokemon a day .
so at this rate i will make it to level 20 next year .
i looked at the old boy and was mighty tempted .
it was the price tag that drive me away though .
for that price i 'll wait until i 'm enough of an enthusiast to feel good about dropping that much cash on a lighter .
what i 'm in support of is poor and indigenous people having total control over their agriculture and less huge western corporate control over the food supply of the third world .
when western water corporations that were supposed to modernize '' and maintain the infrastructure controlled the water supply in bolivia and a bunch of other places the poor people were the ones who suffered the most .
people eventually organized to take back their water from the corporations successfully .
this same situation is very possible with food too .
if more western biotech/agricultural companies get involved in the third world the same thing is a likely outcome and people will fucking die .
at this point 80 of people around the world are fed by peasant agriculture .
what i 'm saying is that if the systemic issues in the third world that let perfectly good food spoil are n't solved growing more food with western influence wo n't do much good .
btw i 'm a peruvian marxist with indigenous parents so presume more about me !
why the fuck does somebody have a trump sign on their lawn in canada ! ? ''
translation i disagree but i have no argument or logic behind my decision
i love how you pick 1/40 examples and say what bullying ? ! ''
you 're standing in the safe bathroom while your house burns to the ground screaming what fire ? ! ? !
machine guns would actually be viable on certain mechs if their range was n't piss poor .
their dps for the weight is actually ok at the cost of facetime and ammo .
for instance 6 machine guns deals 4.8 dps almost the same as an ac20 though not fld .
imo that 's a good start towards making them actually useful .
i know no one is going to see this because i 'm super late to the party but i have a related story .
he had a pregnant victim who lived across the street from my mom .
she was walking home from who knows where and saw the woman walking home as well .
she was older than my mom but they had become good acquaintances .
they spoke for a few minutes and then both went home .
my mom said she did n't hear anything weird until the husband came home .
40 years later she still says she will never forget the sounds of his screams when he found his wife 's body .
it really isnt a huge deal because a 3ms difference wont be the deciding difference in an online game .
i play cs go and cant tell the difference between 1ms and 5ms while playing .
make him a drink and say i do n't know why you 're naked but thanks for everything you did buddy . ''
the clocks are to make sure he does n't feed the party guests after midnight
vlogbrothers yourmoviesuckdotorg chris stuckmann theodd1sout rebeltaxi theneedledrop and brutalmoose are a few i enjoy .
for booktubers sarah sunbeemz makes really creative and cool reviews for ya novels .
i 've been trying to get all the different endings .
but those are fables where as fairtale is the genre .
they called it fantasy '' to underline the charismatic analogies to humans were removed to have fully story-world-wrapped characters .
if we ever meet in a game i make sure to dc and let you derank
it 's better we do n't have some ceo though .
a few too many people lift satoshi to the status of a god and this is a conflict of interest for the bitcoin protocol .
ryan tannehill is to nfl quarterbacking as selena gomez is to nfl quarterbacking
god take out that first inning and this start is damned good
which shop did you get it from out of curiosity ?
none of the 2017 's that we 've gotten so far have come with cats at least not that i 'm aware of .
i 'm wondering if we need to get in touch with trek and get a tracking number or something ...
it 's the way it used to be in old cs .
coming from a lower class neighborhood you 'd be surprised how many people abuse the welfare benefits whether it 's selling their food stamps lying about their spendings/earnings/house size to earn more and be eligible for medicaid etc .
it 's a system that serves a good cause but does n't require enough background checks to make sure the funds given are used properly .
i 've seen people who have 5 kids an empty refrigerator over 1000 in food stamps monthly and use the money they earn selling to buy drugs beer and cigarettes .
on another note food stamps used to only be redeemable on cold goods for parents to make their own food at home .
nowadays many 7-11 stores and others accept food stamps for hot food .
when i used to work at a local gasoline station the number of adults coming in with no children who used to try to buy 10-20 worth of junk food energy drinks and soda was incredible especially their response when i had to tell them we do n't take them .
maggie and cassie u/cassie_white make their way up the stairs .
they enter cassie 's room maggie tucking cassie under the covers and sitting beside her on the bed .
become a trump supporter you 'll get real tired of winning very quickly .
hi what if you stop getting pegged for a while ?
i think that it would also help if you stop having sex completely orgasming/cumming for a good while until you 're so horny you 're dick gets hard for no reason at all .
then when you get to that point fuck the sh out of ur so piv of course .
hopefully you will get to relive the sensations you felt when you first had sex with her .
the wetness the warmth the indescribable sensation of being inside a pussy .
make sure you cum inside her too there 's nothing better than that
the breathing in of ghosts going past a cemetery is a voodoo hoodoo belief
and i am saying that no sane person would claim that getting up 5 times a night to feed or change a crying infant as simple .
again unless you your own children your own experience with actually being in the foster system or have cared for a child as their sole care provider you do not fathom how difficult it actually is .
i remember i took adderall for the release of mw3 and i legit stayed up for 2 days .
these days i only take addy/vyvance for finals week .
i am out..i will post when i come on ... if u have anything with has or ivs great .
if not i will check for pokedex filling poke .
seems you literally ca n't support trump unless you 're threatened by the fact that many people are trying to be less racist .
when he grew up '' certain things were n't considered racist .
probably reasonable to ask ourselves whether bots shills sockpuppets are invading these threads ?
or maybe people just really have this much hate .
do you really think that 's a relevant analogy ?
i do n't really understand that sentiment either it 's a very common mechanic that i 've never had issues with .
it also avoids the problem of introducing new buttons .
build seems kind of weird why do you get ninja tabi and bc over merc treads and lw ?
oh i guess i should rather ask why u prefer cdr over more damage
i can understand the disgust with bethesda but there is sony 's certification process to deal with .
you can update your game as many times as you like but you still have to get sony to sign off on it .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules .
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=rule+1+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/4w1t7k/anyone_wear_all_black_shoes_or_vans_as_formal .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's pretty clear the point of this article is to represent him as a bumbling adhd idiot .
they 're going to do everything they can to magnify that effect because that 's the selling point of the article .
edit guys trump being awful does n't mean reporters are suddenly honest .
i have done nothing but teleport memes for three days .
however i do n't see how they are going to make any more business with this location .
more than likely the people that work in those nearby building were going to the other bon fresco anyway .
i do n't think she did but yes completely agree .
there are shitty people in every profession it 's just more unfortunate in some than others .
i got my reference xfx model but it runs super hot .
i need a guide to underclock it as well .
the temperature hovers around 86 i want it to be around 75-ish .
does anyone have any idea how to make that happen ?
i 'm a fan of g-bot i honestly have a hard time differentiating it from bfd .
and climate change should have been acted on a decade if not longer ago .
consider these two scenarios yes i 'm aware that they are n't the only possible ones
the fact is that any legislation that gets passed can be repealed just by people deciding to repeal it .
the environment does not exist purely by human agreement like governments laws and money do .
the environment is brute reality based outside of human civilization and is therefore a lot harder to fix .
justinvan0 i 'm not gon na hype it up bc it 's pretty mediocre
the suede patch is the only thing thats not good about them
rinoa turns into a evil evil sorceress kills all the party members except squall .
then squall and seifer make the dragonball fusion dance and become one powerful warrior the one from the legend capable of defeating the evil sorceress rinoaire that 's a different name cuz now she 's an evil dude .
there are a few community built apps that have gained traction .
i got so damn sick of swapping all my shit around for different builds that i levelled 3 alts up to 30 and have each one as a designated build type .
now i only wish i had been there the older i get the less i like edm but bassnectar slaughters every set
could n't you just release the apk to circumvent the app store ?
assuming a spherical 1000m diameter asteroid with a 2 g/cm^3 density and a 20 km/s relative velocity the kinetic energy would be 2e20 joules equivalent to 50 gigatons tnt .
for comparison the total world nuclear arsenal is about 7 gigaton .
there would be fires everywhere in a 200km radius from the impact site .
i work even though i can pay all my bills without having to do so .
i 'm either looking at a 350z or a 2 door coupe altima .
my only thing is that i see a lot of issues with the cvt stuff and i 'm do n't want to deal with that .
to answer your question i believe its my first time but i 'm a pretty safe driver .
i do n't think lgbtq stuff is what most redditors care about .
any time i step outside of the lgbt subs and sometimes while in them !
good eyes i think this photo was taken halfway down the benmore straight .
man i remember when druids were the least played class .
i assume you mean english language since wentworth is austrailian it 's a modern retelling of prison cell block h afaik .
that aside a quick google of sug aussie slang would lead me to suspect it 's a term on endearment meaning sugar
the context in which you describe it means nothing to me of course since i 've never watched pcbh or wentworth it is on my to do list although i do know the names vinegar tits ferguson and bea so i could be talking shit
this statistic itself states that 56 of women have between 3 and 14 partners and 51 of men have between 3 and 14 partners which clearly demonstrates average women are more often sharing average men than average men are attracting women .
that 's almost negligible let alone a four times ratio .
none of these studies matters as all it demonstrates is who messaged whom it has no correlation to who dated or had sexual relations with whom .
its very unlikely that women dated and had sexual relations with guys they did n't talk to .
the only thing that i will concede is that lower value men have to try harder because of simple economics supply and demand .
the demand for them is low the supply is high and therefore the price of sex for them is high .
they will have to have ltrs and approach more to get sex but they can still reach a high number of partners .
is there anyway to get an advanced notice of these flights ?
i would love to watch one and i am only about an hour away .
as long as they 're not in a shithole they should be content .
just because someone 's life is no longer threatened does n't mean we should shame them when they try and do what is best for themselves and their family .
i have a feeling it will be inconclusive if not just out
same with that goku guy who keeps spamming posts about lebron being the goat .
just young warrior fans trying to make other fanbases look bad .
sorry i should have included that information in my earlier post .
i have watched a few videos online for sharpening that were helpful .
my biggest question that i have seen mentioned a few places are saw files specifically modern versus nos .
if i remember correctly a 6 '' x-slim to a 6 '' slim works best for 8 tip .
beyond that i get kind of lost in brands and nos
it 's not just the series it 's the twins .
they 've had our number all season for whatever reason .
i have heard for some people it can keep them up but not for me .
ghosts i believe are real bigfoot and yetis might exist and i really hope nessie exists but most likely she does n't .
then you do n't have to worry about going over or under .
you i do n't think people really get the bathroom thing because if you really enforced that you 'd have people who look like dudes in women 's bathrooms and vice versa .
there has never been an issue of pedofile saying they identify a certain way to get into girls bathrooms that 's a made up issue .
it 's ironic you talk about making doing it because it makes people uncomfortable it 's only the idea that makes people uncomfortable in reality they 'd never know the difference .
the types of people being affected are the people who completely look like women who now have to walk into a male bathroom .
this issue is 100 due to transphobia by a bunch of close minded people it does n't address any real problems .
you make it sound like it 's just an inconvenience no you are forcing weird situations for everyone because you have prejudices .
generally speaking of course i know nothing about your views .
i can only grow this shitty patchy facial hair .
and i 'm not going to shave until frank drops the album .
i have n't since the day before the stream so it 's already getting itchy and nasty .
even as a heavy main i still get killed for stupid reasons because of my shitty tracing on casual i literally play like someone who only has 500 hours .
i 'm currently in highschool and so far i have completely wasted the summer .
it 's not like i did n't want to do anything but it 's like my body works differently then my mind .
i want to write a book and i have amazing ideas the would work perfectly but i give up within a day or two .
i want to learn a language but i never get around to it .
i want to study psychology hoping for a majors but i keep forgetting to .
want to learn programming it seems so far out of reach .
i 've just regressed into this ball of self-loathing .
it 's an endless cycle of not doing something feeling bad about that causing me to forget about something else .
i just need advice on what to do how i can just keep a mindset and do something .
to provide some context i 'm currently taking a year off from my college and taking filler classes at my community college back home .
i started doing this in january and of course told myself it was a new year and i was gon na get my shit together and a lot of ways i have but enough ways .
so i struggled finding a job from january to june but i did dabble in some drum lessons on the side with friends and family and got paid but most of that money ended up being gas cash .
finally june rolls around and i 've started a minumum wage job at a movie theater and the scheduling is absolutely horrible and does n't allow me to consistently plan things so i 've had to give up drum lessons and another side job i had as well .
i know this sounds like a cop out or an excuse to be lazy some more but i really feel like this shitty minumum wage job experience has given me motivation and reason to put everything i have into drum lessons this fall semester and just make that one source of income work better than that minumum wage job then expand from there .
i hope all this comes across properly i 'm tired and unsure of what i 'm trying to even say really but i guess i just need people to tell me whether it 's a good or bad idea to put in my 2 weeks on the first of saturday
title says all really shop nearby me only had pokemon x .
i am in the kindling of the first flame forming chunks but i forget where to farm the slabs can someone help .
i was thinking about what to call my electric besides well electric or my guitar and i came up with a pretty good name .
i 'm calling it the patriot since it has a red flame maple veneer and a american flag strap on it .
i 'm also thinking of putting a set of american flag dr. strings glow in the dark strings on it to make it look cooler as well .
do you name guitars or customize them like i do ?
i can only think of 2 that are less 'cartoonish ' in style
not gon na lie i was saltly about some kid trolling .
but being banned for being toxic '' is n't helping anyone .
if you take words too heart from some guy online i think you are in the wrong game .
you find very few people who are n't toxic in this community .
if you find someone toxic mute them if words hurt you that bad .
reporting someone for saying a bad word '' or calling someone a name '' seems a bit immature .
i 'm over all of it now but epic you 're going to lose people left and right for banning people for abused communications '' .
i know i will get some hate on this post saying we do n't need people like you '' and shit like that but retrospective people are dropping this game like flys .
please feel free to tell me your opinions i 'd love to hear it !
not hating on anyone or epic it just seems immature to be banning people for words .
stick and stones may break my bones but words will never hurt me ''
i was always coming up with ideas planning cute activities with my ex giving thoughtful gifts and i was hurt that he did n't do the same .
actually if i had to sum up the reason i was unhappy it was because i always showed appreciation and expressed love naturally ..and well he either almost never did or you had to pull teeth and drag it out of him .
it was n't until after our relationship i presumed him to be an istp
now one of the biggest issues we 'd discuss with this is him saying he was incapable of being this way with me .
a lot of times it came out as that 's not who i am '' and i guess i had inner conflict because i felt like i wanted someone to be something they were n't .
however another part of me thought he was just making excuses.. because showing gestures of love has nothing to do with being a certain way .
here 's why the things i did were not easy .
they were n't things that i was born gifted/talented to do .
sure my ideas and imagination were probably my talents but many of the things i did required much planning and effort on my part .
it 's not like when i constantly expressed my needs not being met that he 'd google fun ideas to surprise of show appreciation to gf '' and try some of those out .
as him being a technical/logical person that 's an action i could 've imagined him doing .
he always wanted the hundred percent answer to how to deal with things .
even if it was n't who he was naturally it did n't seem like he even attempted to try .
at some point when someone pushes so much that they are not something it makes me wonder if they are just being lazy to be that way hello perfectionist here and sometimes type a personality perspective .
there were literally 3 times in my entire 4 year relationship where he 's planned something with effort and it was so appreciated but it requires a lot of work to get him to do it .
i get changing habits is hard but 1 when someone says it 's not who they are i feel like they 're giving up before they try .
and 2 who says you have to effectively change who you are to change how you deal with things ?
anyway i 'm not here to discuss my relationship in detail but really want to pick you all 's brain on this .
you can use my example in your explanation if you 'd like .
questions like this give me braingasms because it 's like the question of push and pull '' in interpersonal relationships .
and also how to answer original question the chicken or the egg ?
i get personality is complex but just humor me .
our behaviors frame our personality which frames our behaviors ... ? ? ? ? ? ! ! ! !
i used to play super rtype on the snes when i was a kid .
this is my first experience with rtype and i think it works pretty well on mobile .
the controls are frustrating sometimes because your thumbs cover the screen and make you miss important information but you do get used to them after an hour or so .
i 've seen playthroughs on youtube and the graphics seem to be improved on mobile also .
hope this helps to anybody thinking about buying it .
are users affected if i change a network attached printer 's port from wsd to tcp/ip ?
today i hosted coop room i get a team very fast they marked they are ready .
nothing to worry about but when i changed my 100 lvl stark to 138 grimmjow 2 of teammates deselected they are ready .
i was thinking that they are changing their characters too but no they were just waiting .
i assume they did n't want me to use only '' 138 level grimmjow i saw there many people complaining about not fully leveled champions .
my 138 level grimmjow was already stronger than fully upgraded 5 grimmjow .
i had 3 fully leveled good items i had great character link they could see it but no they do n't allow me to use him .
it was n't even a raid it was event coop with 70 as recommended level !
i was so tired of waiting so i launched game without them .
i did it solo the last one player got disconnected too normal bug and i had no problem with do that .
one of this guys that deselected ready button was this reddit user his name is starting with u '' .
i 'm pretty sure he did n't want to start coop because he read here so many times about not maxed characters on coop .
i think that people should realize that skill tree level .
on 6 one level attack 1 so when i have 80 completed skill tree my character is stronger than his 5 version even while i do n't have 150 level .
hello everyone i got vans mte sk8-hi glazed ginger http imgur.com/cv6maoi they are in suede and the left one has a blue denim stain caused by my jeans last winter .
perhaps one is more hairy '' than the other one can you tell me why ?
i got really excited once i bought a blonde wig .
i wanted to style it for a peridot cosplay .
my sewing box is missing i do n't have a wig stand or a head i ca n't make one .
the closest friend i have is a few hours drive away and i ca n't drive .
i 'm sad because i had to move and i ca n't afford to move anywhere else .
i 'm still horribly agoraphobic and i 'm just disgusting .
it was almost done and i restarted my pc came back and now it 's started over ?
so i went into the ragged flagon around level 15 and killed everyone with relative ease with poisoned arrows .
so now i have some guild master armor from vex and delvin and the game is broken p i can pickpocket anything 100 of the time locks up to adept are automatic i make no sound ever i get over 9000 extra stamina and carry weight plus several other hefty percentage boosts .
from a power gamer perspective of course i am but in terms of rp i like the twist of my chaotic good character suddenly finding immense corrupting power .
curious if anyone else has noticed this potential exploit .
just wondering what the general consensus is on seiko mods specifically dive watches and also what to look for if buying an already modded watch ?
a while back i went to a whisky event one of those where you get to taste a lot of them .
to my surprise one vendor had the only non-whisky bottle of the whole event a bottle of zacapa 23 and it tasted awesome .
one of my friends already drank rum sip-style so i recommended it to him and he also loved it .
now recently my girlfriend brought me a bottle from her work spirits importing company and it kind of confirmed i enjoy rum a lot more .
so now i am looking to get more bottles since just having one bottle will not do !
suggestions are welcome preferably from drankdozijn.nl so i know it 's actually available in my country .
i found trp and mrp september of last year .
similar dead bedroom start for many guys here so i will refrain from spelling out past details .
i will simply say that i was a literal drunk captain thus my wife became a major nag .
when i found redpillwomen during the split with redpillwives – i concocted an idea to introduce my wife to red pill praxeology .
i was not ready to be the leader of my family .
i just wanted to bang some trash cans around grunt and sprinkle alpha on it .
due to laziness i used what i thought would be the path of least resistance and introduced my wife to both rpw subreddits .
my wife seeing a lot of improvements in me almost immediately assimilated redpillwives and redpillwomen .
in the early portion of introducing my wife to rp i gave a lot of mentorship in order for her to understand .
she now had the emotional tools to systematically rattle my hamster cage and quickly check to see if it made me upset .
and she constantly called me out for losing frame .
for a time she read mrp more than rpw making it extra difficult for my weakened frame .
this could have been much worse had she been vindictive .
instead it did help re-enforce internalization birthed out of so many highlighted failures .
most direct confrontations faded away leaving only an expression of her strong emotions over something .
before too long i could clearly see where my inaction led to the initial problem .
the interim time was spent trying to figure out what was reality and what was the umbilical cord of external validation that needed to be cut .
copious amounts of sex was available at the moment i initiated .
this was great but i could see more cords of external validation that easily influenced my actions .
with much practice i started to get how to remove that and just enjoy .
so at a point in time i was left with nothing to bitch at .
given a lifetime of victim puking this was confusing as fuck .
a few choice comments from u/ex_addict_bro helped immensely allowing me to put that victim mindset in the grave and let go of the majority of my fears .
if you are manic like i am i suggest you read his posts .
if it makes no sense you are n't stranger danger .
so after stewing in my own realized idiocy i just worked at letting go of survival mode .
my butt hurt feelings turned into amusement when interacting with my wife .
focus allowed me to see what needed to be done in my life and act towards achieving my goals .
all of that said my wife and i are in a much better marriage .
i learn to lead every day she no longer nags and our lives continue to improve .
i am happier measurably less manic and more confident in myself .
i still have a metric fuck ton to do but i will continue to improve .
i know i will succeed because i love this shit .
i made that path more resistant by incorporating rpw into my marriage without being the leader first .
boiled down to its essence marriage is the litmus test regarding the survival of mankind as a species .
it 's not so surprising that it is hard mode for men .
observations and future considerations or have n't made up my fucking mind yet
before i let my wife know of rpw she was in the dark much more willing to follow .
i had a much harder time separating how i wanted to structure myself over what kind of man she wanted to mold me into .
the anger phase would have ended much more quickly and her feelings that i was too domineering would have dissipated .
unfortunately the moment she was afforded a way out of submissiveness she latch onto it and fought .
i ca n't tell if she 's trying to be funny or not when shit-testing me now but i am absolutely entertained by them .
this is clearly due to at least some internalization of stoicism .
perhaps this is amusement mastery though i initially perceived that to be another mask to wear along with holding frame .
i did n't think it would actually be funny .
any rp wife that looks at mrp is not in the locker room just to eyeball the swinging cocks .
i have great suspicion of any rpw user that might say they do n't use this to their advantage .
no matter the color a knight is still seeking external validation .
aside from the color one wants to fuck using female sexual strategy and the other wants to play daddy .
due to what i 've already explained a red knight seems more like a trans knight than a patriarch he might aspire to be .
if it can be said that a woman is only interested in the end product of a sausage factory a red knight assisting in taco production for other man 's consumption ... is perverse to say the least .
i bring this up as there is a reason for keeping locker rooms separate .
tldr the line in the sand has been drawn .
leave your genitals on the other side should you wish to cross over .
girls should n't act like boys and boys should n't act like girls .
fuck your shit if you think you 'll change that .
expect to harm the ones you love if you think you 're different .
hey r/infp i thought it 'd be interesting to know what kind of ingredients you all cook with and possibly get us to share our favourite recipes !
hey guys i wrote a brief overview of kolento 's crazy combo'thun/cycle'thun deck from a few days ago .
it 's a very unusual deck that 's also skill intensive and fun to play so i 'm sharing it for everyone who missed it .
i think it has a potential and shows how differently certain cards can be played .
if you 've tried the deck yourself let us know how it went .
i 'm currently offering a free public vod review https www.reddit.com/r/hearthstone/comments/4wbpw1/experienced_hs_coach_offering_free_vod_review if you want to take advantge of that .
i 've had my razer naga for a while now 2 years and have had no problems with it .
but sometimes randomly the middle mouse button stops working .
i already plugged it into another pc and tried to install correct driver .
i couldnt use scyther in gen one as a kid because his back view sprite was absolutely terrible .
my inbox is letting me know that there 's multiple new comments for me to read .
whenever i open the comment from my inbox it is still there and the number of unread inbox notifications is the same .
i have to close and reopen the comment 15 times for it to register as read .
when i first consume it i go from full stamina to zero and then start with the 2 regeneration .
despite the umpires best efforts we got the result we should have got in round 2 .
remember to vote in the best players when the post is up .
seemed to really drive the game in the and of the first and second quarter and then again in the last .
loved to see them although dusty got caught a fair bit which sucked .
houli is back to playing good link up footy was very happy with him tonight although he needs to improve his ability to stick a tackle i wonder if his hand injury makes him reluctant to commit .
hunt was very good up until he copped that hit from varcoe ? after that he was pretty quiet .
i was hoping he would have had another great game like the last few for his 100th he was on track to today but yeah .
he was right amongst it early and crumbed a good goal .
he covers the turf like no one else at our club .
when he gets the confidence to just run and break past would be tacklers he is going to be fantastic to see .
rioli had a good one vickery had a good one .
i think we have answered the question of who will ruck when maric is gone now we need to ask the question of who will ruck when hampson is out .
griff did a good chop out job today but really was quiet .
moore played a solid game as well repaying the chance he was given .
i got a new summer games trobjorn voice clip of him saying there 's more where that came from ''
d d 5e pathfinder and the end of the world alien invasion and the zombie apocalypse .
just to give you an idea of what i 'm used to .
and so far d d 5e was my favorite edition .
so i 'm asking which of the two games you enjoyed more .
earlier today my wife and i went to a barbecue a friend of ours hosted .
the host has been my friend since college and he 's still single and childless score for us !
so most of the people they invited were also single and childless .
in fact my wife and i were the only married couple there .
this attracted some attention from some people and we were asked a lot of questions .
at first they were just relating to marriage asking us how we met if we still had fun now that we 're married if marriage was hard etc .
someone asked us if we wanted children and my wife said no .
same person asked why not and she gave our reasons .
to my surprise people were actually okay with these reasons the first time around .
usually you have to go back and forth a little bit to make people see where you 're coming from but almost everyone seemed to just get it .
he was really surprised and almost yelled but you would make such sexy babies ! ''
he went on to say that i 'm tall and muscular which is an evolutionary trait that would be so selfish '' to keep to myself it would really benefit my sons if they could have that .
then he looked over at my wife and said your beauty ?
we need other people to carry that on for your children to preserve . ''
he then went on to talk about her dimples her freckles her smile and her curves in great detail he ended it by saying and look at those huge tits your daughters would be so lucky to have those .
that will really help keep the species going you know what i mean ? ''
i was getting irritated and told myself to calm down because i thought i was just getting unreasonably jealous but the minute he said that i fired back with hey those tasteless comments about women 's bodies ?
not a good way to keep the species going but a great way to get your ass kicked especially by said women 's husbands . ''
it got really awkward after that and this guy kept laughing nervously saying he 's just a jokester and likes to play around it 's no big deal .
a few people were telling him that he took it too far but he was like well they would have beautiful children !
my wife tried to calm me down and make me let it go after that but i was livid .
let 's just say i did n't have that much of a good time after that lol .
the reason i hate it so much is because it jumps at a fixed height .
if you are off a tiny tiny bit you die because of it .
i have been searching for an easy or medium demon without long ufo parts and still can not find one .
first off i do n't wan na sound dickish .
i watched some of the trailers and i 'm genuinely interested in nms .
i also get that it 's a space exploration game with like 18 bajillion planets .
but i 'm asking myself what exactly is there to the game ?
how does it wan na keep us playing do we know any of that ?
do we just grind planets for resources until we can afford better gear to grind another set of planets ?
or will there be a story npcs or some kind of 'events ' or interaction with your social environment ?
i mean theoretically the replay value is there by sheer amount of content but will there actually be any point to replaying stuff or rather playing again ?
sorry if we do n't know about any of this but i 'm genuinely curious .
when will is in the psyche ward bedelia comes to visit him .
her parting words to will are i believe you '' in a very breathy drawn out whisper .
when bedelia is being interrogated by will and jack will whispers i do n't believe you '' in pretty much the same exact breathy whisper .
i always thought the delivery of that line was funny so i would quote it to my wife all the time .
when will did a call back to it it made me super giddy .
hello fellow melbournians what are the odds of getting an uber in melbourne on a saturday early sunday night ?
i know the platform has been around for sometime now so i expect it 's a lot better than previously would i struggle to get an uber at say 3-4am on a sunday morning ?
would be looking at heading back to far southeast suburbs langwarrin are drivers reluctant to take fares that far away from the city ?
i would imagine they would probably jump on it considering the fare cost .
the mandombe script/abugida is one i have n't heard of before and felt it was worth sharing .
here is a nice long in-depth page about it .
https www.afrikanistik-aegyptologie-online.de/archiv/2010/2724 oh and here 's the wiki page .
for those who just want to see what it looks like
it was apparently invented in 1978 for the kikongo and lingala languages .
the creator david wabeladio payi apparently based the appearance on the brick walls in his room .
it has also apparently been reasonably successful but i 've never heard of it before .
trying to find this one upbeat song that i only remember 2 words and the beat .
it 's something like '' margarita na na el camino '' if anyone can help it would be great thanks
would n't mind some info on to be kind as well .
remember reading something about it a while ago but some memory jogging would be good .
i 've heard they spawn at antelope park but if i can find other spawns around that 's really help
in the 1932 german presidential election the lesser of two evils was paul von hindenberg .
many on the left voted him to stop the greater of two evils adolf hitler .
well von hindenberg won but then essentially gave hitler dictatorial powers the following year .
lesser of two evils can be really damn evil .
the election also had a 3rd candidate running ernst thälmann
but you were obviously throwing your vote away by voting for him .
anyone know how to change your bluetooth name in mint 18 ?
i know that it 's the dog city and i 'm pretty sure it 's stated somewhere that everyone has to live in high rises off the streets because of the packs of feral dogs but it 's also states that the legion gets its best mongrels from denver .
lanius mentions that that cursed city '' was almost the death of the legion because of the immense losses it took just to capture the city .
i find it hard to believe that the dogs kept the entire legion away so i 'm guess it was the factions that inhabit the city that were the problem .
but i 'm pretty sure only the hangdogs are mentioned .
i 've been farming the chimera adamantoise and cockatrice but still have n't found the mantis .
i 'm often asked in this forum why do n't you quote zen masters ? ''
other times i 'm asked what are some good academic sources on zen ? ''
once or twice i 've been asked what sort of content would you like to see more of ? ''
on really bad days people notice that i rarely give my personal reflections on zen and try to pin me down to a position .
i 'm currently set to embark upon a project that if i 'm serious will mean taking a brief intermission from this odd community .
in the spirit of gratitude for all your attempts at questioning me to death i thought i 'd respond to each of these questions in one fell swoop .
and in the most lazy way imaginable a compilation of a few things i 've already posted to r/zen or r/buddhism which do just that .
primary sources or quotes from zen masters and other buddhists ''
a opening lines from a speech by shenhui http imgur.com/9d3jkbr
c my translation of samantabhadra 's admonition to the assembly something zen temple-goers are known to recite https www.reddit.com/r/buddhism/comments/4gmac5/samantabhadras_admonition_to_the_assembly
d my translation of bodhidharma 's famous encounter with the emperor https www.reddit.com/r/buddhism/comments/42wqkx/bodhidharma_preaches_against_attachment_to_ethics
e video of the zen stick in action a non-verbal quote '' https www.reddit.com/r/buddhism/comments/41oo4t/video_how_the_zen_stick_xiangban_incense_board_is
f zanning 's biographies of some zen masters pdf https www.reddit.com/r/chan/comments/3gud1e/biographies_of_chan_monks_from_zannings_song
secondary sources or these are not enlightenment manuals so they are irrelevant to your practice ''
a faure on bodhidharma as textual and religious paradigm '' https www.reddit.com/r/buddhism/comments/19d2a1/bodhidharma_as_textual_and_religious_paradigm
c heine and wright zen is mostly a bunch of rituals https www.reddit.com/r/zen/comments/4977ht/that_zen_life_is_overwhelmingly_a_life_of_ritual
e review of cole 's fathering your father '' a book about zen fabric https www.reddit.com/r/zen/comments/204q4s/review_of_alan_coles_book_fathering_your_father
zen art and illustration or stuff i 'd like to see more of ''
b fourth indian patriarch upagupta with his back turned http imgur.com/6as3xnq
c setting fire to buddha dharma and sangha gallery http imgur.com/a/4go31
d guanxiu 's arhats based on a dream https www.reddit.com/r/zen/comments/3g88zj/zen_master_guanxius e8 b2 ab e4 bc 91_sixteen_arhats_9th_century
my commentary or this does n't often happen but when it does it 's deliberately controversial and provocative ''
b zen masters dualistically picking and choosing and moralising https www.reddit.com/r/buddhism/comments/11m95l/right_and_wrong_in_chan_zen
let none deceive another or despise any being in any state !
i am looking for some advice on high definition outdoor cameras available in australia .
they can be purchased locally or via the internet .
they should produce high quality images and be compatible with zoneminder .
a lot of the recommended options can not be shipped to australia or are n't available locally .
the best option i have found so far are these hikvision ds-2cd2042wd-i https smile.amazon.com/gp/product/b012ie4gnc/ref=ox_sc_act_title_1 ? ie=utf8 psc=1 smid=a2io3xu2196z4d
edit i 've decided that with the objective to get more cards possible it is better to buy first the older expansions than the newer expensions because you will have more time to get the newer cards .
doing this will give you the most time possible to acquire the cards .
i 've been using the trial version of wtfast to reduce my ping from 100 to around 40/50 and its hugely helpful in me being able to aim better .
however wtfast is 5:99 a month and it seems quite excessive for 1 game .
what cp pokemon can i encounter at what trainer lvl ?
i 've been using my trustworthy victorinox huntsman for a year now and it has taken quite a beating—nicks and dents even the damn logo fell off and i think it 's time for an upgrade .
being in the uk i 'm trying to find a gentlemanly 3 '' or less non-locking blade within the £10-£40 range .
loving the classic look of the buck huntsman so trying to find something with a bit of a brass and wood and not for any strenuous cutting jobs but something that keenly holds an edge and is decent to sharpen .
after a look at some suggestions and a few more hours at heinnie haynes i got a buck canoe .
not quite the ideal blade but the quality is there even though china-made .
will see how it goes and may post a review .
hey guys just wondering if its still worth it to play a voltaxic sparker or if im better off with just dual wielding crit daggers/wands
could i be able to post my own creepypasta story in here ?
and if so then what are the rules to it ?
when steven reveals to bismuth that he is rose 's son pearl says it 's not always easy to understand rose 's choices but we have to stand behind them . ''
this also has the unintended meaning of rose 's choice to not use the breaking point which bismuth did not understand or stand behind leading to her being poofed although that was n't entirely bismuth 's fault .
i'v recently build a pc with asus maximus viii ranger i7 6700k cryorig r1 ultimate but had a lot of trouble installing this damn cryorig cooler and am afraid i 've damaged the cpu or socket .
i 've managed to get it on after several tries but am too afraid to take the cooler off again to check the cpu for bend pins ...
the pc boots up fine and temps are in the 20 °c idle 70 °c full load all cores range .
i 've fixed the cpu voltage to 1.264v to prevent too high auto voltages .
however when i run the rog realbench i get the following error
handbrake encoding task 1 of 1 23.58 19.66 fps avg 1.37 fps eta 00h25m03s
blender blf_lang_init 'locale ' data path for translations not found continuing
are there any other free programs with which i can check for cpu damage ?
ok so i was long gone with the rose is pink diamond theory and now with bismuth saying rose was created on earth also suggested by peridot just cements she was just a earth quartz soldier ...
but.. she said to pearl we can never go home .
greg asks rose if she ever misses home and she says no .
she lied about this.. and even bismuth suggesting that steven is rose and is lying about her new form '' ...
ok damn it rose might be pd reformed into a quartz soldier form ?
also steven can enter people 's mind and control their bodies !
im sure rose was able to do this.. maybe the body is indeed a rose quartz but the mind of that gem is pd or someone else.. how the hell does a simple soldier have powers like this right ?
maybe pd wanted to be free and could n't because she was a diamond authority.. maybe she was dying or died in battle so her mind got into a new body.. who knows .
i was looking around finding if other people were talking about this and found this post http p dot.tumblr.com/post/148479552725/bismuth-said-that-rose-was-just-another-quartz
do n't really have anyone to share it with so thought i 'd finally make a reddit submission and just post here because to hell with it i 'm happy .
it 'll probably be difficult to try and maintain it but my aim is to be top 500 for the season end for the icon .
some games are still complete facerolls http i.imgur.com/tssuwsr.jpg ? 1
never did i dream that pharah mercy would become rare picks .
imo this is because every mccree/s76 seems to land every shot and that the lucio/zen combo is too strong to make anything else work .
had a pro player murder an entire team as bastion .
you ca n't get away with playing one role .
playing all 3 effectively along with voice communicating generally wins games .
to go with the above no one seems to argue about picks and fills accordingly .
i remember rank 60 had people fighting over dps roles consistently .
did n't think for a moment i 'd get to the top 500 but damn it 's nice to have finally achieved something even if it is on a game .
edit i 've just lost 5 coin flips in a row and went from rank 216 to sub-500 .
forget my hatred about genji that coin flip has to go .
hey i was wondering what would be the best build for ds2 sotfs because for me this is the hardest one besides hexs because i 'm not good at them .
looking to raise my 2000 z71 tahoe old body style about 2 inches or so to just give it a more aggressive look and take slightly bigger tires .
anyone use this kit rough country 270n2 or recommend another one ?
i 'm on my way to jacques and i 'm getting close at this point the stars are all very close to each other making the galaxy map lag but it also takes forever now to plot routes making it pretty tedious .
anyone else run into this and found a way to make it smoother ?
i 've had tendinitis where the tendons in my hand get sore from repetitive movement on and off for a few years now .
it 's usually manageable enough and my girlfriend and i do n't get to be alone very often so it does n't usually get in the way of sex .
however right now we 're on holiday together and my hand has flared up again so bad .
i hate having to stop in the middle of sex because of it and my girlfriend is so sweet about it but i know it must be hard for her too .
i like giving oral and all but it 's not the same as being able to hold her close and hear her moans right in my ear .
we talked a little about maybe trying toys or something last night but we do n't have any experience with that stuff and neither of us are into penetration so i do n't know what the options would be there .
i really want to join the guard but i also have a two month old girl .
i 'm conflicted because on one hand i would love to get the experience personal growth and the financial benefits the guard has to offer ideally officer route on the other hand i did the calculations and for a 6-year commitment i would miss about a year of my daughter 's life between initial training bootcamp and specialty school and the actual drill weekends .
is missing that time worth it in your experience ?
i 'm not sure if this is an accepted post so if it is n't i apologise now .
i own a paper copy of sewaholic pendrell but i 've lost the pattern piece for the neckband .
would anyone who has a copy be able to measure it and tell me the dimensions scan a copy of that pattern piece for it ?
it 's only a rectangle so it seems silly to buy a whole new pattern just for it .
update sewaholic sent me a pdf of the pattern piece .
looking for a quality tan sweatshirt or hoodie to cop .
plenty out there but i ca n't seem to find one in my price range .
hey i 'm 27 years old and recently have felt a soreness in my leg .
about 10 days ago i played soccer and felt pretty sore the next couple days which seemed normal as i had n't played for most of the year .
in the last 10 days i have done a few other athletic things that could possibly lead to the feeing of muscle soreness but it just seems so weird that it would last this long .
the soreness is being felt in and around my thigh .
it is n't very severe and i haven noticed any redness or swelling but just the fact that it 's lasted so long alarms me .
just wondering if anyone else has had similar experiences and any idea of what i should do .
i was wondering how i could go about building a classifier that would predict if a tweet is objective or subjective ?
does anyone know any useful datasets and how easily the model would transfer to other domains .
eg training the data on movie reviews synopsis and then using these for extrating objective tweets from a natural disaster based twitter feed ?
on at least one occasion sheldon has made a point of saying his wisdom teeth fit in his head perfectly without need of extraction .
he seems to say this as if it makes him better than others .
considering the wisdom teeth are a vestigial structure that get removed because we 've evolved not to need them should n't he see the flaw in his point ?
it 'd be a nice moment to see leonard or wolowitz make a case that since sheldon 's wisdom teeth fit perfectly in his skull sheldon is slightly less evolved than everyone else .
so i 've read around the net that you need to set assist voice input default to google app .
the problem is that under miui default setting there is no option to change assist voice input default app .
anyone on stock miui able to get it working ?
edit after much thought decided to update to cm13.. after all it will be quite awhile till my device gets another update .
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
also feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score so people can compare .
thinking about going here today or tomorrow ... can someone tell me what kind of pokemon spawn here because i heard its a really good place for pokemon
i was gon na start reading the graphic novel justice league vol 4 the grid but i realized it only collects 18-20,22-23 .
is issue 21 in another graphic novel and is it important for the story ?
personally i 've always loved wepay 's stunt of dropping a giant ice block in front of paypal 's developer conference https techcrunch.com/2010/10/26/wepay-ice-paypal paypal freezes your accounts '' .
when it 's done right guerrilla marketing can be a great way to increase exposure for your company without breaking the bank .
as a new company with an important event coming up i 'm seeking inspiration for some different ways to grab people 's attention and spark their curiosity in my product .
i still take my propranolol when i need it .
my so said he notices i 'm way more hyper and energetic .
i had n't noticed honestly but now that he says it i have been waking up between 3-5am .
i 've also just purchased over 200 worth of opal body jewelry .
i have a history of psychosis during mania so i 'm a bit paranoid .
i 've caught 5 of them in the jungle and they have no use at all .
trying to find a gameboy advance sp/nintendo ds classic charger .
or if anyone has one to sell that 's cool too .
my therapist 's referral to psychiatry is for anxiety not my previously diagnosed adhd-combined .
plus i have complex ptsd which functions like anxiety .
of course being slow and not completing work tasks on time makes me anxious ! ! ! !
how do i differentiate when i get to the shrink ?
how do i talk about adhd process and limitations vs feels ?
today day 2 of adhd eval my therapist was asking leading questions about feelings of anxiety and i had no idea .
she did n't spend enough time asking about adhd processes .
i do n't have a lot of impulse problems because i nearly died more than once .
near death kinda helps you develop your inner pause when fucking that hot guy might get you dead .
i take beta blockers when the rage hits so i do n't destroy things .
i take a fuck ton of l-tyrosine and fish oil which helps me think and plan and remember .
if it did n't affect my job i 'd quit the supplements for a few days .
fortunately i 'm an adhder who has reading as a hyper focus super power .
so when i got diagnosed at 32 i read all the things .
and i had a great partner who helped me implement and plan .
and i subjected myself to the torment of lumosity to train my brain .
so i 'm not as fucked as i could be .
sorry i did n't break enough bones or have enough at fault car accidents .
i do n't like speeding but i also have vision problems and shitty depth perception .
did she not hear how adderal slows me down ?
i got rid of my credit cards years ago so i ca n't fuck myself up that hard .
i quit eating carbs because it helps slow me down .
i do n't clean enough b'c it 's mentally exhausting .
i trick my brain into pumping adrenaline all day to help me concentrate at work .
then i drink so i do n't feel like a live wire .
and i need to go back to college and finish that shit .
i 'm gon na go suck down copious amounts of coffee and maybe go to the warehouse and kick around empty monitor boxes .
i generally feel buyer feedback is a waste but through our messaging i believe we have a good an honest new addition to the group .
i 'd be plenty comfortable to purchase from him .
i now have at least 42000000 experience points in the invention skill .
i do n't understand why we do n't have this .
i wan na rate a player not only report him .
congratulations i want the world to know that he is good thats why i wan na rate him good ''
congratulations i wan na let the world know again that he is friendly or helpful most of the time .
is he not abuseing not trolling but simply bad ?
why ca n't i let the world know that he is bad ?
i am fucking tired of this fucking matchmakeing where i ca n't tell how someone is going to play just by knowing he is masters or d1 or some bullshit .
let people decide ingame if someone is a good addition to any team most of the time or wether someone is just plane bad all the time but does n't lose as often because his teammates carry the shit out of him and let this influence the matchmakeing .
id 10000000000x rather take a d3 player who genuienly is good in the things that he plays and makes things happen in game or is at least trying to support the team in a positive manner than another fucking gm doorknob who boosted himself into masters with li ming and kerrigan and as soon as he plays kaelthas he just dies 5 times before any objective even starts .
if i have a zagara who dies fucking 3 times solo to nazeebo botlane and i check her profile and she is masters with 1k points again i want to fucking click on some nicely designed wheel or flag or something open a sub menue and click this player is trash '' and when i see that she is overly positively rated i at least know ah maybe she had a bad game '' but if not i want her to be a nice little terrible player and play with other terrible players at her league .
i have been nice for about 4k fucking games now never telling them actually ingame how terrible they are always gging at the end or give tips on how to improve their play but i think it is about time that i have some way of expressing my opinion that a player definetly does n't belong into my games anymore just like any other nice fella should be able to tell me that i played horribly without haveing to risk to be silenced if he doesnt say oh my that was a nice 0-man moshpit for the 5th time in a row ''
with one of the the widest ranging audiences in trap music dj snake 's highly anticipated commercial debut had some pretty high expectations .
in this thread you can discuss if you think it met these expectations or if it fell short .
please remember that downvote disagree everyone is entitled to their opinion .
rather he always seems to think through what he wants to say before he says it .
he 's funny and sometimes witty but he takes his time to put the right words together before he says them .
some people think he 's slow or maybe a little off but you 've realized that there 's nothing wrong with him at all .
he never slips up on a word never takes back anything he says because he always says what he wants .
he does n't just blurt things out he calculates everything before he says it .
he 'll admit he was wrong but he 'll never claim to have misspoken .
he does that in most things his work his social life everything .
he 's meticulous and careful in almost every aspect of himself .
that does n't mean he 's perfect not in the least .
he 's a little attractive but he could probably work out more .
he 's pretty clever but he 's been wrong about things before .
he 's made mistakes and corrected himself but more often than not he either takes his time and does it right or he does n't do it at all .
he does n't just give up on things but he knows what his limits are once he hits them .
his only trait that does n't follow is his stubbornness .
once he sets his mind to something it happens one way or another .
he 's a little like an arrow once he starts moving in a direction he does n't stop until he hits his mark or drives himself into the wall .
until he met you he 's been as straight as an arrow as well .
he 's never had a problem with trans or gay people he 's friends with a few of each and treats them the same as the rest of his friends .
he 's just never swung in that direction before .
you 've been working with him for a few weeks now and he 's opened up to you pretty well .
you chat while at work exchanged phone numbers and texted each other but it 's been mostly a friendship until one day he texts you something a little off course .
the texts went in a completely different direction than ever before from there .
he 's apparently started developing sort of a crush on you .
he 's not in love he 's not infatuated but he ca n't help but admit that despite his believed to be straight sexual orientation he 's starting to get a thing for you .
he does n't want you to be offended but he 's not sure how to feel he 's never had a thing for anyone other than girls before but with you he 's not so sure about his orientation .
you can tell he 's thinking about talking to you more about it but he eventually tells you he 's tired and that he 'll talk to you more tomorrow at work .
the next day he seems normal enough conversations start how they normally do though the awkwardness is obviously there .
after a short while he turns to you and thinks for a moment before saying
do you think you could help me out ? ''
tonight i 'm looking for something a little different !
normally i 'm up for playing with anyone guys girls or anything in between but tonight i want to explore a different side of myself .
long story short it 's like i said i 'll normally play with anyone but i 've always had this stipulation about guy on guy for some reason i 've just never been into it even though i 'll play the girl in girl on guy or i 'll play a trans in trans on guy or the guy or ... .i 've played pretty much anything and i 'm happy to continue but recently in irl world i met someone that has me questioning a few things about myself so tonight i 'd like to delve into that part of life for a little while and try some new things out .
tonight i want to expand my horizons by breaking down the walls of my sexuality and trying new things .
first off i 'd like to play with a man .
i 'm alright with playing with a trans or futa though those ones are n't really a stretch for me as i enjoy playing with them already .
i 'm hoping to expand my tastes but the prompt works for the latter and would make an interesting roleplay so i 'm keeping my options open .
in the story i 'd like to already know about you either that you 're a man who 's into guys or if you play trans maybe i somehow know about you either because you told me or ... well we could work out those ideas later .
i 'm a dom i can play neutral but not a sub .
i 'm a top i 've tried receiving in certain situations and it felt more uncomfortable than anything .
i 'm open to new things but i 'm starting up top in this regard .
not massive bulky or obese but i 've got broad shoulders and thick bones .
i 'm not lean or athletic i 've got some pudge on me but my build plus the pudge makes me seem much bigger .
i can play the hard and controlling dom but i 'd really rather be happy and neutral it 's much more natural for me that way .
i 'm a nerd i love skyrim star wars and the legend of zelda one of these more than the rest i play d d i go to renaissance fairs and i occasionally watch anime if one catches my attention .
i 'm irish in everything but place of birth .
i 've got dark hair green eyes pale skin and a fortitude for alcohol to drink most men under the table .
i do n't have an accent most of the time but if i talk to someone with an irish accent or if i drink i tend to slip and let a bit of my irish flag fly .
few more things first here 's my kinklist https i.imgur.com/bkhebf4.png the job i 'd like us to work in is a sports bar i 'm trying to make this whole thing as close to my real life as possible so i want to try to keep as many things similar as i can .
i work behind the bar in the kitchen sort of like a supervisor but with no real authority so everyone in the bar has to talk to me to get the food taken care of but i 'm not a manager at all .
you can be a server or a cook either is fine with me though if i 'm going to be totally honest i 'd prefer you were a server .
these things can all be talked about and possibly changed but this is the groundwork for my idea .
let me know if you 'd like to alter anything .
if you 've read this far and you still want to play with me great !
i ca n't wait to hear from you let me know what gender you 'll be playing and a little about yourself in your message and we can set it up and start to play !
so i entertained the thought about subscribing esea for a while since i 'm on a break from uni and wont be travelling around this month i decided to try it out after hearing such good things about it .
payed up my fee and off i went to setting it up .
its now been 24h since ive subscribed and all i managed to get out of it were 2 games .
everytime i queue up i get at least 15min queue time .
i thought it might be bc i have no rank yet and had no rws .
those 2 games were played yesterday afternoon gmt and both eneded in a win the only time a queue poped up since then i couldnt connect to the server and my slot was dropped .
opened a ticket to ask about this queue times and failing to connect and all i got from them was this was related to steam going down . ''
which was bullshit since i was online and could even play valve dm the long queue times werent even addressed .
i cba to be standing in queue for 30min everytime i want to play a game and from what i read they dont refund subscription fees so i felt i should get this out there to whoever is thinking about subscribing to this service know what to expect since i find no threads anywhere about this .
not sure if the playerbase is lower during the summer or whatnot but this is unacceptable .
ps i 'm currently sitting in queue for 20min now maybe i 'll get a queue just in time for dinner .
not only will you avoid blocking the view of patrons behind you and looking like a general douchebag but you may also be blocking high-end cameras run by paid professionals who are shooting the show .
so i 've recently got a few of paizo 's map packs and think they are pretty great but i 'm always a sucker for more .
are there any sources of maps that come in a easily printable format ?
preferably looking for a few freebies as after a few these things add up .
i have n't traded on this sub before but have done many traded on r/comicswap .
odin sphere leifthrasir storybook edition some wear to box shirt is still sealed pics available upon request
i 'm planning a road trip with my boyfriend early september .
we will be driving from toronto to halifax and seeking a place to stop over in new england .
where should we spend the night and possibly a morning/early afternoon too ?
also seeking suggestions for great things to do food to eat along the way and in nova scotia too !
if anyone want to meet up for a brew let me know !
we will buy ya a beer for the company !
i did n't see this in any bug info or confirmation that this is the intended behavior .
basically the bloodstone capacitor will not reset the stats on a ring if it is both infused and attuned i do not know if it will work on a ring that is only attuned or infused .
i found out the tough way selected the wrong stats however support will be replacing it once i get home and delete the wrong one .
basically this makes the capacitors useless for the rings for anyone maxing stats or doing fractals .
anyone know good spots in baltimore for geodude grimer abra omanyte or kabuto ?
i was wondering if someone could dupe me some legendaries .
i recently got back from deployment and my son sold all of my good stuff because reasons .
my ign is dontyoufakeit and am usually on after 11am est i would really appreciate any and all help thanks ahead of time .
i decided a while ago that my first tattoo would be the atlas if i really like the game .
well i like the leaks a lot and i should have the game by tomorrow if a certain shop did n't lie .
i 'll probably play to the game for one or two weeks before doing it .
just to be certain that after my honeymoon period i still like this game a lot .
my question is which atlas picture are some of you going to use to do your tattoo ?
and where on your body will you do it ?
i 'm just looking for a quiet place where i can read or write at my leisure without being bothered by anyone .
could be bars restaurants or outdoor areas that people often go to .
i 've been enjoying skylines for quite a while now have all the dlc etc .
quit out one day maybe a week ago ever since then i have n't been able to really launch the game .
click play '' in steam i get the 2 logo screens then it just locks up ms pops up with the program not responding window .
i 'm at work right now so will be able to give more proper specs stuff later when i 'm home .
however i can go over what i 've done tried .
after quitting out of the working game i installed some new mods off the workshop naturally when i suddenly could n't launch i presumed it was the new mods .
i 've tried verifying the local files thru steam now 3 times no luck .
yesterday i backed up my local content and removed them still does n't launch .
uninstalled skylines using the steam remove local data '' option and reinstalled still does n't work .
one would expect that after a clean install with no mods the game should work but it does n't so i 'm kind of out of ideas now .
i 'm looking for a decent machine to train some models using python .
of course i 'm thinking of using ec2 in which 16gb machine costs 25c per hour so i need to find an image with all python things preinstalled and not to forget to turn it off
this price can even be cheaper if i use spot instances .
i just started reading olympos by dan simmons and having read the entirety of the hyperion cantos and of course ilium i am a big fan of his style .
what i was wondering is which of his other works are the best ?
also i know he works in many genres but has he done any other good sci fi stories ?
correct me if i 'm wrong but i do n't think there is a mechanism for a party to rescind its endorsement .
individual politicians can but the gop as a whole ca n't .
the republican party spent decades ginning up the nativist anxieties that led to trump then spent this election assuming he would become a sane normal candidate after the nomination .
according to data from ergonomics center of north carolina the average american male 's hand is 7.61 inches long .
trump 's hand sits at the 15th percentile mark .
that is 85 percent of american men have larger hands than trump .
but bear in mind that is the 15th percentile among all american men .
trump is tall – about 6-foot-3 half a foot taller than the 5-foot-9 average among american men according to the center for disease control .
if trump were compared to men of his stature rather than the public at large his hands would comparatively be even smaller .
and here 's toshiki looking about ready to win bodybuilding competitions as well as powerlifting .
is avant 's ubb scaled to how much hp he have ?
the higher the max hp the higher the damage he does ?
it was a pain in the neck for sure .
however using micro tools and the magnifying glasses made a huge difference .
it will teach you how to write and speak and it 'll help you learn how your engineering fits into the context of the world .
also here 's the best advice i had going into college the professor does n't give a rat 's ass whether you go to class or not .
in other words you are in charge of your own learning .
if you end up with a great teacher awesome .
if you end up with a crappy teacher it 's not an excuse .
take it upon yourself to learn the material through whatever means you have available .
dude just had a look through your comment history !
you came off as abrasive but you 're right .
i noticed a huge jump to 1440p i barely noticed anything to 4k .
the offer can often be too subtle for some when the giver takes one for themselves first then offers you one in a way that looks like they 're just being polite because they ate one in front of you .
it 's a good rule of thumb to take the mint when offered ... just in case .
and now waiting for the new frank ocean album .
i do n't think i could spend that much on sunglasses .
but gaddafi was directly responsible for a major terrorist attack on americans
i used to cover up my whole body including my face because if i leave my face out then obviously a monster is going to eat it .
every couple minutes i 'd lift the blanket up a tiny bit so i could get some fresh air then i 'd shut it again and make sure there were no gaps for the monsters to get through .
i 'm pretty sure i would have suffocated at some point if it were n't for the fact that i always kicked the blankets off in my sleep .
i stayed in a favela 2 years ago and had proper plumbing .
its irresponsible morons like you that make me not want guns .
you cant just leave out pleanty of food the gun will eat it all and get sick .
the 1060 is a budget card for 1080p 60fps .
assuming it would deliver it for about 1-2 years great .
but when you upgrade to 1440 anyway and want to be more future proof prove me wrong but the 1070 is the go to here .
the idea is that no one country has a special role in the olympics .
and if you have a fixed host nation then that country will very quickly gain special status .
the real problem is that the games are waaay too big so it leads to a whole lot of abandoned megalomaniac architecture once they are over .
where is the shotacon færie dragon and the mythical wisp ball of light ?
they identify as grills as well and you will treat them as cute grills you fucking shitlord .
that 's a good question and it 's really hard to say .
usually though there comes a time when the kids turn from dad sucks and mom is great '' to the usual my parents suck because they do n't let me get high on school nights '' or whatever .
i mean i do n't know your situations but they usually get more calm as the time goes .
kids find safety in boundaries so they 'll still push against them to make sure dad is still a rock and will keep them safe but i hope for you guys it mellows out !
tell him that a random internet stranger says he seems to be doing an amazing job and to keep it up even when it gets hard because it sucks to be the bad guy all the time .
i was trying to make it readable for the mass audience !
glitter bombs detonated high enough so that no windows are broken but low enough to cover the city .
probably eyes tired games on tournament environment are very stressful
i did n't say poland was the reason it was overpriced .
i 'm saying polish fans are n't interested in spending 90 on a ticket sorry no polish symbol .
i think a normal shoe might even be worse than barefoot cause if you crush your foot it will swell up really bad and they would have to cut the shoe off
but for smite to be able to build it in they 'll have to ask for a lisence from curse
another analogy i would use is r/gameofthrones and r/asoiaf .
i agree but i think if he goes to the practice squad he 's gon na get picked up .
who in their right mind has ever said that ?
it 's clear nolan in superior in every way .
michael gove has refused to name any economists who back britain 's exit from the european union saying that people in this country have had enough of experts .
or did you mean the time he compared 'pro eu experts ' to nazi scientists ?
i had one kidney stone and i thought i was dying .
yeah i like to think that my puppy is just trying to be a bro by cleaning '' it up for me .
the first sprint cup race i ever attended the 2008 coke zero 400
when this happened to me i just put the cash i would have paid for my drink in the tip jar .
then i 'm not paying any extra and i definitely do n't look like an asshole .
these chains are hard for the baristas and they do n't get any benefit from it .
please sit on my face i want you wan na lick that all day
i guess the only way we win is to make a childfree coffee .
you know that has a nice ring to it .
issue is the money is locked for a bit on paypal .
also u/antoniocesarm would most likely buy your slowbro for 8 .
yup i 've been in a romantic relationship for 20 years .
we each did n't want sex for different reasons .
i 'm like ... you 're welcome to leave me to find someone else but not happening here !
it may be the nudge both of us needed to be happier .
not so sure i would have made the move on my own though .
you just look dumb saying everyone that hates trump is a paid shill .
look around you the world hates trump and nobody needs to pay anybody to make that happen .
i mean even hillary clinton is stomping on him .
you could just continue to smile or let that chuckle rip..there 's always a chance that you 'll offend someone but there 's also a chance other listening parties would appreciate your odd sense of humor .
are n't the odd ones the ones you want anyway ?
u/rugger_huggers your post has received one report as not meeting the rules of ladybonersgw please inspect your post or it could be removed if more reports are received .
the two most common rules broken are rule 2 each post requires at least one pic minimum to contain a face pic that shows at minimum either the posters full eyes and full nose or full nose and full mouth and rule 4 no genital closeups are allowed ever !
feel free to reach out to the moderators if you feel this is in error .
please note repeated offenses can earn you a ban of up to permanent duration .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ladybonersgw if you have any questions or concerns .
i went in expecting it to be abysmal and minus the cgi it did n't have any glaring flaws like either superman movie .
no it is reported that he is on a move to psg this summer .
just enough time to burn out of no man 's sky but before civ 6 launches in late october !
it says it 's an unrestrictive role play server .
have you ever seen someone get banned for kos specifically ?
pete went off in the end does he normally do that ?
there are dues just like joining any other organization .
you kick in a bit yearly to keep the lodge running e.g .
meeting space needs to be rented heat and electricity need to be paid for endless amounts of pancake batter ...
if you 're looking for awesome people to hang around with you 'll find them here .
if you 're looking for a group of good ol ' boys you can more than likely find them too .
if you 're looking to explore esoteric philosophy you 'll find it here .
performing ritual is pretty central to everything we do .
some lodges are better at it than others but that 's the life blood of the fraternity .
anyone who thinks he was a good president needs to do some actual research but first they need to remove their head out of their ass .
i 'm trying to think of all the things i wish i had known when i did my first couple batches ... my biggest problem i had is sinkholes .
i researched online and found that it 's all about temperature .
warm your hard in your oven at its lowest temperature .
add fragrance oil at 185° and pour at about 110° .
do n't let them cool too fast and do n't have any drafts in the room .
i do them in my kitchen and i make sure the window is closed and the ceiling fan is off .
also i found that the best way to keep the wick tabs intact on the bottom of the jar is with scotch permanent double-sided tape .
get a piece of tape stick it to the bottom of the wick tab .
hold the straw so the wick does n't come out and stick tab to bottom of jar using the straw to push the tab down .
others may have other ways of doing this but this is what worked for me .
other candle makers have used a glue gun to stick the tab to the bottom of the jar but in my experience the glue melted and the wick would n't stay put .
maybe i needed to use a hotter glue gun but it was cheaper to use the tape .
after the downgrade re-buy him for less than half that .
it appears to look good according to the chart .
same here it 's so great to quick-snap and forget about it .
the real treat is when you go through the screenshots and the memories of what 's on the screen start to come back ...
i could put on an act and pretend that i 'm still loyal to god
it 's funny that you 'd phrase it that way because that 's really two separate things is n't it ?
would she be happy if she thought you believed in but did n't respect god ?
or does she want you to not only be a theist but her particular brand of theist and a loyal one at that ?
fuuuuuk dude i 'm so nervous i really hope i pass .
standard playing not reclaiming 1st impressions i see my 4 stable runes in my inventory over the top of the video ... so far nothing else seems out of place ...
they cut away to commercials around the e 's '' .
even in '76 us stations had breathtaking commercial breaks and so by the time they came back the u.s. team had already entered the stadium and was walking around the track .
the tv feed was concentrating on the following teams entering the stadium .
hmm i 'll just forward any future research papers from zoology to them .
they 're clearly interested in the results of this department that should be sufficient . ''
i have had problems falling asleep after several nights of 5 hour sleep i need 8-9 to feel rested .
my brain and body simply take a bit to calm down .
i 've been pissed at all those spinning curveballs that ended up with an eevee just running right after
can i send a ticket after i trashed the lvl 1 thing ?
what 's the cradle of shadows reward bag called btw ?
and on top of that it 's the twolves so you get to see whiteside kill the kat dream just like last year .
people will still tell you kat 's better but you will get to see reality .
i 'm entering into this giveaway hoping this will provide me some happy few hours of gaming
yes this cards amd is releasing right now next is mid range and then high end .
cortana does not exist on my computer at this time and the default start bar search does not work .
to be honest i love red hair too lol but between everyone else having natural hair colors and her uniform being blue and gray brown just makes her look warmer and less special snowflake '' i feel lol .
that 's the only option a man has in that situation .
your friend should count his lucky stars that he did n't get stabbed with corona shards of fury .
the fact that i have n't given a detailed rebuttal of this is only due to the following
you 're probably right where probably '' means bayesian-probably '' obviously and
i really miss lineage 1 i remember randomly getting a cd for it in the mail around 1999-2000 and played until they took the na servers down .
it was a great game yet small enough that everyone knew everyone .
i remember hunting for days or weeks trying to get some ogre blood to make some pgs .
the media wo n't publish suicides unless it 's a celebrity or mass murderer .
i just looked up what a spin down was and it looks like a die to me .
god dammit would love to watch their games live but their games are always scheduled during my sleep time .
okay this is weird i saved and quit earlier today now the war declarations are gone all of them http i.imgur.com/ous7zqg.jpg ...
i ca n't find them anywhere is this a bug ?
i hope there 's a fix because i really wanted to test the outcome .
no way the world is this perfect is it ?
out was hot fuzz based on a true story and these are the real life danny and angel ?
people dont just feel entitled to be able to buy everything they literally are entitled to that http i.imgur.com/oesz56m.png
i 've opened like 15 and the best thing i 've gotten is a torbjorn water polo spray ...
previously i was too lazy to do then now im perfectly fine with it .
it looks better than it has in the 15 years i 've lived here .
come on guy at lest look into the claims .
maybe the reporter could have down the bare minimum at least and take a walk in the park ! ! !
another bias hack job ... .. by a friend of the opposition .
i have no idea either literally just won a game at ti..
tl dr involve the standard warframes into the prime warframes to prevent shortcuts .
we 've just had this issue talked about in the kela de thaym thread saryn is currently very annoying to get while her prime is somewhat easier .
same is true for a number of frames vauban ash for example .
if you need me to have the non-prime version of a frame please ensure beforehand that the effort to acquire it matches its non-prime status .
to be honest i like how it currently works .
it means that i have much more options when going after new frames .
ca n't get to kela or ca n't be asked to do rathuum ?
sure run other missions and fissures maybe get her prime variant .
at least for me personally it does n't take away from wanting to acquire all frames eventually if only for more helmet options in some cases .
instead it actually helps me stay glued to warframe by giving me a lot of goals to chase those would be gone if you locked every prime behind its regular copy .
i had an emergency section we did n't even get past my kid 's melon head forget her shoulders and i 'm a year out and do have a visible scar .
it 's pretty low so really only my husband would ever see it .
i was doing stairs within a few days and after a week felt totally fine .
i do n't know if it impacted weight loss because i 've only had the one .
if i 'm ever insane enough to have a second kid i have the option of a scheduled section and i 'm going to take it because i had a good experience .
well here 's what i gathered from looking at the pcs as the cameras passed
word of advice from someone who 's witnessed unfortunately quite a few deaths do not hold it in .
find counselling i see your company offered you counselling that 's great take advantage of it and do n't be afraid to shop around for a counselor you feel comfortable with .
they wo n't take it personally it 's how you find the right person for you .
i wish i could tell you it gets easier seeing what you 've seen but it does n't .
it 's something you likely will never forget seeing but do n't take that to mean there 's no hope .
it 's one of those things you kind of learn to live with and if you handle it properly will actually make you a stronger person in the long run .
i literally slapped my forehead and scrunched my eyes and it kinda hurt my soul .
i was at my golf shop putting with a newer newport 2 when the a shop employee asked me if i was thinking of pulling the trigger .
told him i just could n't swallow the price tag after having just bought a new driver .
he quickly took the scottie out of my hand gave me the tfi 1.0 and that was all i needed .
ended up with the 8.0 because of the counterbalanced grip huge fan but you ca n't beat the feel of the tfi series for the money .
it 'll be in my bag for a long time .
this opinion might be considered controversial but i see this as good news .
non ha senso linkare numeri a caso per farci spaventare .
bisognerebbe analizzare tutti i sondaggi soprattutto sulle modalità di ottenimento dati per evitare qualsiasi bias .
do you approve of mass bombings given the necessity ? ''
it 's something that 's going to be hanging over the show for a while .
asking on behalf of a friend what did you have for lunch ?
i 'm so glad you got away and sorry you did n't find the resources you needed earlier !
and glad you have found happiness it 's pretty great being in a normal relationship after that nightmare is n't it ?
stream posts are not allowed unless they accompany an event .
if you are not familiar with the subreddit rules you can read them here r/leagueoflegends/w/subredditrules .
have a question or think your post does n't break the rules ?
message the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fleagueoflegends or discuss it on leagueofmeta r/leagueofmeta .
these all seem to be forks of the breadwallet code .
edit my bad i did n't even notice this post is from breadwallet .
try making the cupcakes yourself ... cupcakes are just smaller cakes the dryness and quality of the frosting depends on how it 's made .
scootablue aw man the new scooter costs so much !
awww does the wittle fiwwy need a wittle money ?
if you really want a job then i may have a solution for you ...
discordgrump but then again you may not be up for it .
it demands so much perhaps only a fully grown stallion could handle it !
skeptiloo hey i 'm definitely cut out for whatever you got !
but please dear scootaloo remember that i tried to warn you !
because this job will push your endurance break your will crush your spirit until all that 's left is a husk blown away by the breeze .
it 'll demand all your bravery to face the most terrifying of the unknown the murkiest of depths and the worst of trials .
already long ago from when we sold our vote to no man the people have abdicated our duties for the people who once upon a time handed out military command high civil office legions — everything now restrains itself and anxiously hopes for just two things bread and circuses
so you know more about how i have researched the topic than me ?
ps when did i claim they only started working with orcas thirty years ago ?
at the end they simply are n't capable of rational thought .
depression that severe actually changes the physical structure of the brain over time .
they fit directly on the a-mount bodies like the a99 and a77 but not on the e-mount bodies like the a7 family or the a6000 without an adapter .
i have an a65 and love my 70-210 f4 beercan '' and my 50mm f1.7 minolta lenses .
the advantage of the sony e-mounts is that they can be adapted to use just about any lens because the distance between the sensor and the mount is so small no mirror in between .
i mean at some point remaining silent against the constant and ever increasing public accusations implications and suggestions of don being the murderer is a shitty thing .
u/youngflymista has been the most vocal and consistent advocate for murderer don here .
now that it 's making mainstream media is it a leap to think he 's happy about it ?
if that makes me a shitty person i 'll survive in my toilet .
she is so dam hot one day i wish to meet a chick like this .
im not biased at all but tbh it really looked like another cliche cod .
go somewhere enemies show up then u got ta push through and kill people .
now you just have futuristic '' ways of doing it ... .
i will be messaging you on 2016-08-12 05:11:54 utc http www.wolframalpha.com/input ? i=2016-08-12 05:11:54 utc to local time to remind you of this link .
click this link http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message https www.reddit.com/r/letsgofish/comments/4w8o9e/fish_talk_friday_oh_hey_its_midnight_edition/d64zqx2 0a 0aremindme !
to send a pm to also be reminded and to reduce spam .
parent commenter can delete this message to hide from others .
faqs http np.reddit.com/r/remindmebot/comments/24duzp/remindmebot_info custom http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message link inside square brackets else default to faqs 0a 0anote do n't forget to add the time options after the command. 0a 0aremindme !
your reminders http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=list of reminders message=myreminders !
feedback http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebotwrangler subject=feedback code https github.com/silver remindmebot-reddit browser extensions https np.reddit.com/r/remindmebot/comments/4kldad/remindmebot_extensions
you just have to cut the material up and stick it onto the mic .
first off i 'm a proud assault rifle owner .
once you start picking hairs and who 's defines it i 'm sure one military has an assault rifle that is non-select fire .
i know the tavor is a lot shorter than a g3 .
so barrel length and fire mode ca n't be the end all be all of definition .
and maybe you bring up the length because of some specific law but the only time i 'm aware of that being an issue is with sbrs .
my main problem is when someone shoots up a gay club and the activists come seeking our guns .
then some jackass comes along and says that guy used sig not an ar your arguments invalid '' .
it 's a tactical 30rd high powered varmint gun .
no it 's a fucking semi auto assault rifle .
but if those are the strongest arguments a person has for when they try to take whatever that rifle is called i do n't have a whole lot of faith in the outcome .
this burrito place makes the burritos the size of a newborn .
he 's always been anti-tpp and that 's where a majority of allowing companies to bring in foreign staffing to replace us staffing comes from .
man i skipped the mid-credits scene of suicide squad to be here
there would have to be some truely monsterous things in those emails to overshadow literal sex slaves murdering a former president in broad daylight attemping a treasonous uprising in texas blackmailing sitting presidents or turning the fbi into a personal gestapo
my best buy only has one copy of trillion and nothing else .
gamestop is the only local place here to get vita games but i hate them but i need my crack so it 's a give and take .
from what i remember only fnatic does this and usually is when things suck
my ex came home a couple weeks ago to find a mutual friend of ours hung by his neck with a phone cord from a over the door pull up bar .
he 'd been caught with a sack of pills and was facing jail time .
she just bought the house and he totally ruined it .
could you point me towards where i could read the special ?
when you finally get to poop after having to hold it in .
especially if you 're at work and getting paid for it .
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
just an fyi i live in kentucky i sweat a ton possible contributor ?
and usually during practices it is about 80-90 degrees at the moment .
i heard from my uncle who works at niantic that there are actually twelve pokestops .
unfortunately i hear that three of them are in japan though
but in dragon ball z king yema and everyone in hell was watching the fight between goku and vegeta vs buu on big screen televisions .
freeza was there at the time so he saw vegeta as a super saiyan on the television
im f2p on blackhand atm will sub once i get a better idea of what all is in legion .
also these things supposily sell for alot will update as soon as he sells one .
it 's what you do with your time more so than where you 're at .
sicu could be ideal assuming you have lots of traumas and tons of vents evds vasoactive drugs etc .
but a hopping micu with tons of vents lines and sepsis patients is just as ideal .
cvicus are fine if you 're doing open hearts but what if it 's just post-cath patients ?
those tend to be pretty stable and do n't offer lots of opportunities for complex care .
take initiative wherever you end up request the complex patients take the code pager be active in education and policy roles .
hell people with neuro and peds get accepted to programs .
do n't think a sicu position is necessary or a guarantee of admission .
it 's what you do with where you 're at .
remember you 'll need the managers and docs you work with writing your letters of recommendation .
i like to play games while listening to netflix in another tab
game audio is generally much louder than netflix audio so i need to mute all my games
the gyms in my city are now battleable is that a word ? .
the cheaters i 've seen after the launch are not around anymore just some shady accounts but none above 23 as far as i 've seen being a night shift guy near enough to see three gyms is not helping me i ca n't leave work when i could get them ¯ ツ ¯
so gtx is way better in dx11 and just as good in dx12 ?
well it 's save up to like 5 people .
it does n't seem impossible that someone could rationalise that as a moral action .
i 'm here with my popcorn for some john tucker must die level payback .
oh to fuck the boss on her desk while the coworkers go about their drone tasks without a clue .
seriously though 'grats and hope your home life gets better .
glad to see you found positivity though try not to be toxic again
i think being unable to feel like you have the ability to talk about these things openly among our friends/general populace shows how limited our freedom really is .
it is random but it is completely possible for you to get trundle 4 games in a row or get kog'maw for 3 games in a row .
i actually have two g1wc 's and what i have found out is that depending on the firmware you have the options are different .
my first one had the 3-5-10 options while the second one only has 1-3-5 options .
i actually also flashed a different firmware on the second one and the newer firmware only has the 1-3-5 options .
would we not be fa if not picky hard to say .
plus as stated one would not be happy with the gf then .
that tail spin followed by the laser is the most creative tail related move you 'll ever see on a flying wyvern .
guess i just have to cross my fingers and hope it 's out by the time i wake up .
i can honestly say that i 've never been more excited for an album release .
i do n't think i can handle any more disappointment .
guys you know all that shit in those old books ?
i 'm well aware of what christ says in the new testament although the interpretations of the verse are still widely debated .
do not think that i have come to abolish the law or the prophets i have not come to abolish them but to fulfill them .
for truly i say to you until heaven and earth pass away not an iota not a dot will pass from the law until all is accomplished .
he says that he is n't abolishing them which indicates that he is n't opposed to them .
at least that 's he gist of what people say .
however even if he is saying that shit is fucked then what does that say about god ?
hey guys you know that omnibenevolent omniscient god we all love ?
yeah well he actually made a huge mistake so we should ignore what he said in the past and just move on . ''
he 's supposed to know everything and love everyone but the whole first half of the holy book was just a big fuck up ?
yeah ibuybombs is notorious for underpowered terrible quality psu 's the one thing you should never cheap out on .
i took the title for this post a little too literally .
the fact that i clicked on it with such intrigue or that i return to last page '' button as soon as i saw it was n't what i thought it would be
memory speed does matter in some games like gta5 and fallout 4 .
probably me for choosing cheap internet and trying to download shadow of mordor .
been downloading it on and off since monday and i still have n't finished a fat forty gbs of fuck you and your tin can phone line .
i think the answer depends a lot on whether you believe god is real or not .
a real thing does not have its fundamental nature determined by the descriptions of people who have partially observed it and yet those descriptions even if some are garbled may still all be referring to that same real thing .
but a fiction is entirely defined by how the authors of that fiction have characterized it .
so in characterizing something fictional quite differently from another author you would actually be creating a separate fictional entity even if you apply the same name to your entity as to theirs .
in any interfaith setting between muslims jews and christians i would assume that most of the participants would believe in god .
so i think it would be reasonable to use the it 's the same god '' framework .
i think of you while a challenge myself to find my crazy .
usually i 'll see a girl who is and has been a complete stacey since high school rich popular and of course they have amazing bodies because of fucking course they do .
one of them i saw recently seems to recognize me but ca n't place where she knows me from high school so she just stares at me and gives me creeped out looks when i make eye contact .
another one just avoids eye contact and will sort of roll her eyes when i 'm near as if to say oh god he 's here again .
when will i not have to deal with him when i come here ? ''
i mean his actions are despicable regardless of his mental health .
yeah this really seems like what im looking for .
so i should be learning more on something like this https lucenenet.apache.org ?
u/i8beef mentioned it too i think i got what i need to research on .
i 've been taking magnesium citrate along with zinc gluconate at night since before i started keto and did n't have trouble sleeping then .
the only variable i can think of is the low insulin which is why i chose to change it .
i included a link in another comment about insulin spikes and tryptophan .
the joker however i was n't a fan of .
pacing felt rushed a little but it was outweighed by the fun and awesome action sequences .
would love to see the directors cut of it .
it works for him and keeps the demons at bay .
i just hope he has a plan for old age va nursing homes suck .
i was allowed to wear some really nice heels but it usually was a trade-off for having to wear some godawful dress .
i loved assemblies and working kitchen so i could wear an apron to cover said dress and would wear 3-4 inch strappy sandals .
the best thing about getting out and financial independence was wearing whatever i wanted .
he plays in each lane depending on the draft eg he 's gone mid as alchemist and both mid and off as mirana .
he goes safe if he 's put in the hard carry position .
i think i may have already formatted the system i 'm targeting before .
following plailect 's guide to be safe should i format my sysnand multiple times with tinyformat and my rednand only once ?
do the formats before i created rednand count '' ?
or is the number carried over to the rednand i created ?
did it purely on quality not necessarily loyalty or longevity etc .
carra is a contentious call to leave on the bench but agger was pretty much the perfect central defender before his injury and sami was a better defender than carragher too imo .
carra rightly has the legendary status over both though .
aurelio did n't really play enough to warrant inclusion but on quality he was head and shoulders above riise who was a liability that is remembered for his rocket left foot .
still a player i love but aurelio pips him .
i was in and out most of the time but i do remember you your replies were interesting .
i forgot what mbti type you are and for the most part i see you as atypical like blueottersocks is that her name ?
a forced marriage from a lesser lord and lady .
a man would be mad if he thought he could steal me away '' she spoke resting her jaw on his shoulder they come to me with complements because they think that i am a doe and not wolf .
but they will soon learn of whom i have my claws and fangs in . ''
a smile appeared on her pale and lovely face as she opened her mouth and bit down softly onto rodrik 's neck right above where his doublet started .
fingers curled into makeshift claws and she made a small growling noise before stopping the charade altogether and relaxing back holding him against her .
i 've trusted you since how many years ago ?
you have always been my gallant lord even when you could barely pick up your sword '' she teased giving the man a wink i just hope you are better now ! ''
you are evil if you are an enemy of god .
how can you be an enemy of god and not be evil assuming that god is good ?
try looking in replay.gg it records some of your games even if you dont register .
if you ca n't find it try to upload the mp4 file somewhere dropbox for example and fill the form putting a link to the download instead of the replay .
it 's definitely nice to be able to think about things in classes with the decorators .
if you like es6 classes then you 'll fit right in with the mobx style as long as you 're alright with using decorators .
i 'd recommend recording in 24 bit 44.1 for audio and 2448 if doing tv stuff as per industry e.g .
as a mastering engineer i 'm not sure why they are asking for stuff at 2448 if it is going out to audio land e.g .
cd or itunes etc where it is all going to be converted at the end to 44.khz .
i always intended to buy boxes so i managed to get lucky and get some skins from this event .
however if i had not gotten distracted by the legion pre-patch bought them a week ago with the understanding that any coins i got could be used on new content i would be furious .
not sure if you still cared but i decided to upgrade to 9.3.3 yesterday .
the main reason o decided to do it was because in the past 2-3 days my phone crashed about twice a day and started freezing .
it 's only been a day on 9.3.3 but i have n't had those problems so far .
those are called jericho-trompetes and whenever you think of blitzkrieg you think of that noise .
the pilots themselves did n't really like flying them especially as the war wore on due to allied air superiority the junkers ju 87 or stuka eventually gained the nickname flying coffin '' by the luftwaffe pilots .
nations with high caliber cannons with hvap rounds did n't take much of a hit .
guess which nations don't have a lot of those ?
it makes me feel sick when you are talking to someone who has n't brushed their tongue .
strange my 89 beretta i used to have was pretty much spot on with the mileage to empty .
atleast older cars the gas gauge would slowly stop being accurate as age and miles increased .
at least at the time they literally believed that it was still on fire on earth .
i think the new testament mainly supports annihilationism though with a couple of hints of ect too .
in an effort to reduce the amount of spam in r/books this post was removed because your account is less than 1 day old we get a lot of spam from newly created accounts .
since you look new to reddit please be sure you have read through our subreddit rules http www.reddit.com/r/books/wiki/rules before participating in the community .
if you have any questions or think your post should be reinstated please message the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fbooks .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/books if you have any questions or concerns .
you presented a case and asked us to discuss it .
did kennedy appoint his brother who had little as a lawyer experience as the attorney general ?
i used to have 150 on us-east but ord gives me 200
did you know than rank 52 is around top 20 ?
also did you know than with ana you actually barely have to aim to be good with her ?
you should be unscoped 99 of the time and pointblank firing the tank over and over .
the misconception than you need to be accurate with ana needs to go .
it is incredibly easy to be good with ana even with low aiming skill .
if you cant aim a slow moving reinhardt or roadhog while unscoped and two feet away from him id be surprised .
i have from 70 to 80 unscoped accuracy with ana every single game with an all time average of 73 .
people have so many misconception about her its sad .
and ... you can still cash in you use less potion to revive !
unless people are really able to cash in with multiple gyms ?
i do n't fault team eubank for ducking golovkin at all .
what i do fault them for is playing the social media game .
he admitted that he could n't beat toney and never fought him .
sr knows what golovkin is and what he 's dealing with .
just let him mature and when he 's ready go straight to the top .
who the flying fuck are you and what are you even talking about ?
not to mention seems a little sunny for being a picture just taken .
i 've been stopping for distress signals like crazy to catch traders .
have to be careful because they might offer to buy lower cost items if you have them in your hold .
supposedly if you jettison the cheap stuff before hailing them you can force them to offer on higher priced items .
yea i was hoping to be able to play as the assist only characters from the other games .
was really expecting those to be new characters that would be easy to put into the game .
but they 're completely missing from the game now .
5 40 min until arrival 1 min later next bus
and they always come at once never on time and spaced out .
let 's get the free stuff out of the way no money required except maybe the last bullet point
you 'll want to be completely familiar with how the camera works where the settings are and what it 's capable of .
if you 're not familiar with the basics of photography it 's time to learn http www.r-photoclass.com .
if you 're not shooting in a raw format http www.r-photoclass.com/19-raw-vs-jpg time to switch to the raw or raw+jpeg setting .
if you do n't have a program to process your images it 's a good time to get one .
lightroom is pretty standard while others prefer captureone or other free programs darktable rawtherapee etc .
editing your raw files will be key to getting the best out of your photos .
you really have a hard-on for this do n't you ?
what i mean i think pretty obviously is that against the comparison of life on earth humans have scant sexual dimorphism .
males and females in the population overlap on every measure and human culture has produced a wide variety of contrived artificial aids and props to dimorphism in hair styling conventions clothing and adornments .
our degree of dimorphism is a fact it 's an important foundational fact of a theology of the body '' and i 'm interested to see that saint jpii did not even mention it .
donald trump really put that baby in his place .
i feel like my posts get a lot less interest as well on there than they did on here .
i saw this and was like definitely usher but then i thought about it and now i 'm stumped
it 's sad because the teacher was really beautiful but became seriously insecure after the event and put on a bunch of weight .
from the fake leak department trying so hard to push the rose lion pink diamond '' theory .
fallout nv is infinitely better in my opinion but i 've always preferred my rpgs to be more hardcore '' .
fallout 4 plays more like a traditional shooter and the dialogue system has been gutted .
we got letters like that and they were hilarious .
i went to my hometown which is tiny compared to yours and it got better after the update .
it feels like this is a second wave after places like proper marble rye black sheep and there 's nothing setting them apart .
i 'm pumped for the jaguar bistro buffalo location tho .
how would you feel about getting mugged and all the cops did was watch ?
why does everyone get more brussels sprouts than me ?
there 's a lot of gigs on fiverr that can do that for you .
fiverr is a website where you can commission people from prices as cheap as 5 .
a ph scale is out of 14 not out of 10 .
it 's not clever it 's rotten low hanging fruit .
if you say it 's a 9/10 on the ph scale you only sound uneducated
that 's so sweet i feel so happy for all of you thank you for the update it warms my heart
it was so disjointed from the following batman scene well at least batman was really good in ss .
there 's been a lot of counting to ten deep breathing and flipping the bird behind her back haha !
i ca n't even numb the pain with wine because i 'm breastfeeding ! !
i need a mental detox once she 's gone ... too much negativity ...
the best i can tell is that if the government does it it 's good .
because you pictured anders in his underwear and a t-shirt screaming my god you 've got to be kidding me '' at a lamp in his home .
every time someone posts an ask reddit thread about it take a shot and have emergency services on speed dial since you 'll be nearing death .
also it goes down every year you get the most as a freshman and it goes downhill from there
in this case yes i do believe her over the cop that shot and killed a law-abiding citizen .
i placed a large bottle of ky on the table and told them you 're gon na need this . ''
stax is the most oppressive archetype in edh so do n't expect to be met with open arms .
a benign way to run it would be using only soft locks and not complete locks .
people will also be much less salty if you can actually play through your own damn locks like you 're supposed to .
one guy at my lgs plays stax and can never play through his own locks and eventually he has to lift it because nothing is happening .
if i read your code right you are basically printing your and '' over and over up until 23 .
consider if there is a way to print a right number of and '' base on the row i you are currently on .
he makes some decent points but the thought that no other nation has ever been built on conquered territory is pretty outrageous .
you would be very hard-pressed to find a nation that is still held solely by its indigenous population .
possibly some tribes in the amazon and some small islands
i do n't get genjis they always ask for heals while they 're off flanking the enemy a kilometer away from the healer .
tracers usually stay equally far away but have the self-preservation instincts to steal the enemy heals .
i mean i do use that but it 's just an easier way to communicate p you can communicate in real time through that
this has to be the single edgiest post ive ever seen on weddit well done lad you done fucked up
this is actually very useful you can queue up a bunch of poison spells before you upgrade your dsf and it will spit them out one at a time while upgrading .
they removed the firehall stop probably because the owners did n't like the crowding happening there for whatever reason it 's an ice cream/dessert place .
good place for water pokemon farming and the random rare here and there .
yesterday i got a porygon but it was 22 cp but honestly i was never going to use that to battle anyways .
wow you must be such a fun person to be around getting all worked up and throwing a bitch fit because people do n't wan na play by your exact rules lol ... . god forbid someone wants to create their own unofficial team right buddy ?
i think you 're spreading this message in the wrong place .
you made us roll from the church seat due to laughter .
i do n't think so i believe the titan and 980ti were compatible but not the 980
i make all the illustrated videos on the channel and like to share them .
just tested and it does indeed give a confirmation box when you press evolve
it is if you use your religion to justify it .
i 've never used bootntr or anything outside of the vanilla a9lh/luma3ds setup from plailect 's guide .
posts from new users are removed automatically to combat spam on our subreddit .
if this was a mistake please click here http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcomputers subject=automoderator 20mistake 20to 20review message=https www.reddit.com/r/computers/comments/4w9ojl/australian_house_floor_plans and we will be happy to reinstate your post !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/computers if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd always assumed that he consumed a sliver of the lerasium bead since that way he would get the powers just not very strong and he would also still get the keep the majority of the lerasium .
but what about all those pro powerlifters that fittit likes to talk about ?
he 's been doing that third person schtick for a while .
i was doing just over 100 mpg on my yamaha vox .
other than the fact that i could only do about 45 miles per hour that thing was a blast .
my girlfriend she 's all around a weird human being on a funny way that 's why i enjoy being around her .
we 're both weird so it does n't really matter .
it 's rarely ever report the times a citizen with a gun was able to protect themselves or others without harming anyone .
people have an agenda and they want to push it .
i say this as someone who does n't own any guns .
there is a common idea going around that a reduction in lead has caused a decrease in violence in the u.s. lead was commonly found in all manner of common substances like paint to gasoline and has been largely phased out .
since lead consumption is known to negatively impact development and behaviour and the decline in lead is correlated to the decline in violence it 's common to connect the two .
to be honest as far as i know there has never been a good study connecting them but it makes a good story and that 's what it takes to get repeated on reddit .
lead was phased out much earlier in other countries but they still experienced a drop in crime concurrent with that in the u.s .
it also ignores the fact that places that still have lead in high quantities are likely to be poorer areas which independently increase crime rates .
so yes you 'll read all over that lead was what caused high crime rates a few decades ago .
it might have played a part but there has been not solid research actually demonstrating it .
that 's because most of them live in total poverty .
those on welfare in the us live better than most people in the world .
what 's important is if a law was broken which it was .
i had a nasty great mole over an inch across on my back .
ive never seen it but ive bloody well felt it when ive been shirtless and tried to sit down or lean on something
well what kind of damn shells were you firing ... did you die.. ?
if the answers are ap '' and no '' then i 'm going to need a pic .
i recall things were quite poor for a while have obsidian done something new ?
aaand just like the league posts op blames his team for him giving up
maybe do n't play video games as a hobby if you get so salty about losing
got banned from my local pub cause me and my friends tried to start a brawl between us which ended up in a chair being thrown down the stairs
well you just got ta decide that for yourself with the fan thingy there .
it 's something you do n't have to play since you watched the anime but it 's wayyyyyyyyy more in-depth like you said .
there are i believe 9 different routes 1 route for each character including a normal nothing end and i think 2 bad ends maybe just one though .
it 's been a little while for me there actually so i apologize .
clannad was my first anime i ever watched about 2 months ago and i fell in love with it and it 'll always be number 1 for me .
well that 's not smurfing the actual meaning of smurfing is to play against much less skilled players to intentionally dominate them .
i think not more than 20min normally to max 1 hour on average when im more free..
i like that you can do short burst and automate fights so i basically leave it do his job during my downtimes and while doing other things mostly .
i have been playing almost a year now i wonder how much mff took me in total !
i will calculate it one day lol too afraid to know now
i 'm confused and scared and worried people keep getting hurt and i ca n't do anything and i 'm having to take more and more pills every day for them to work and i just do n't know !
do you get connection to the server has been interrupted '' message ?
i.e chat delays actions such as moving crew and buying and selling delays
next ppl will start complaining about them talking too much
someone in power realized that would have been a death sentence .
or admitting you were wrong in the past and bettering yourself as a person ?
i do n't know the context but it sounds like he has n't flip-flopped on this rather changing stance and staying changed .
i 'm 20 y/o on feiba prophy every other day 4000 units been working a charm for me .
i have n't had bleeds often partly because i 'm more proactive now to keep my joints healthy .
mind you in event of a bleed it 's not amazing at helping recover it .
might consider talking to my consultant about that if it really treats the bleed well .
how are you seposed to catchup if not by killing the oponent .
'it 's an island that ca n't be found except by those who already know where it is '
but i 'd guess the natural human behavior of conquering and destroying everything would make the sentinels instantly kill em all .
the college dem club i was in worked for obama and even there everyone just sat down shut up and got to work
these people are like the least committed to civic duty out of the generation least committed to civic duty
non ho mai messo il culo su 2 ruote con un motore in mezzo ... non ho paura ma non sono esattamente sicuro di riuscire a non rovinare a terra al primo stop p
you will notice that people are not buying your bullshit anymore .
i do n't think those people would deliver brains anyone would want .
if we all run open signal it makes the map more accurate
i 've always found it interesting how mildly lovecraftian a lot of the things associated with god are even before lovecraft .
sometimes i wonder if his idea that perhaps a god is n't necessarily benevolent is true .
i wonder if i could play a christianity based version of eldritch horror .
if you have a high enough lore score roll for insanity each time you read the bible ...
i state this explicitly for your benefit because at this point i could pass a turing test during my idle cycles .
though i 'm certain this was said a thousand times developers refuse to listen .
seriously try a sunwuko monk with wave of light explosive light and then compare with wiz meteor/blizzard .
explosive light has excelent damage hits a huge area and has 3\~4 good items that support it .
something has to be done with most of the wizard 's force skills .
if you boulder v2 and like semi-highballs do edcl at the pound .
if you climb 5.3 free solo clip a dee doo dah with a friend .
if you climb harder just hang out a waimea all day .
rumney also has my favorite named climb tabdito take a big dump in the ocean
this is a screenshot i took a few days ago i dont have any recent ones only long boring logs that i dont care enough to post and you wouldnt care enough to look through .
it cut out 21 times over the course of 4 hours but thats probably unfathomable to you and youll call me a liar .
nobody wishes this wernt true as much as me trust me .
edit btw just so i dont mislead you or anyone it isnt always this bad over the last 4 hours today it has only cut out 7 times .
but it only takes one disconnection while im in game for me to get a ban .
not to mention you are penalized if you leave too often .
just because his team mates are quitters or d/c'ed does n't mean he should as well .
crypto coins are considers to be property they 're not the same as currency .
caretakers of property always have liability limitations built into their term of service .
but if you pour the liquid on the powder it sticks to the bottom of the mug .
my technique is to pre-pour 1/3 of the liquid add the powder while stirring then top it up .
the thing that makes me stick to nova is that in al an accidental swipe down over a widget does n't bring the notification shade down .
i have a huge widget on my default screen that i rely on and it makes nova so much useful that i can swipe down over it to get to my notifications .
i'ts muscle memory i ca n't overcome this with action launcher .
her reaction was better than i could have hoped for
when it comes to her feelings and how she fights them she 's very realistic and endearing .
okabe is kind of cringey too so it 's understandable that she would be like omg i seriously ca n't actually like this guy right ? ''
some people like you attach supernatural significance to it .
other people like i 'm sure others are itching to tell you have perfectly rational explanations .
perhaps it causes them to burst into flames perhaps they become neglectful of their hygiene and light fires that got out of hand .
it does n't matter because both are caused by the same thing .
find someone in your local area qualified to help you .
call of duty modern warfare 2 online doubles tournaments called gamebattles .
i was pretty good and had no friends at my skill level it was a selfish time in my life so i 'd sign up as two people .
had my brother follow me around and when i died he 'd give me his controller so i 'd know exactly where there enemy was when i died .
they found out because i ended up vsing two friends from school and when i talked to them about it i told them my master plan .
i genuinely believe that aizen had just activated his bankai and that bleach is going to go on for the next few years .
i have a intel i7 3630qm 2047mb nvidia geforce gt 650m and 8 gb of ram its a samsung laptop i want to play it 1600x900 res so what u guys think ? am i good ? should i buy it ?
i 'm looking to make a wind shirt and pants and want to know if any of you have experience with any of the popular materials .
as of now i 'm going with dutchware argon 90 but have read concerns about it not being wind resistant enough .
another idea is using the zpack 's ventum fabric which i 've read is somewhat too wind resistant along with strips of argon on the sides to help ventilate .
i 'm not leaving or giving up on this sub .
just figured i 'd let another one you mofos try the map thing out .
if you 're interested in this please send the following to the mod chat .
a link to map/art work that you have created in the past .
digital only sorry no hand drawn maps for the main map .
if no one is interested i will continue making the maps no problem .
usually what we want is to own people and it should not be called love .
okay first off idk if this is the right place to ask this but if not just let me know .
what 's the garage parking called right next to the us bank arena that everyone parks at for the reds game etc ?
and one last question if i wanted to go to fountain square smale park sawyer point/friendship park and the taft theater is this a good centering point to park so i can loop around to all these places within walking distance ?
retina 15,6 bought about 5 months ago os x el capitan 10.11.6 my battery last for about 2 1/2 hours and i have read that it lasts 6-9 hours normally .
any advice will be greatly appreciated thanks in advance .
for guys only message me if out have a muscular body too and start off by a pic of your body
looking for more information and very interested in being an apprentice does anyone know about falconry in the vancouver area ?
i know what kind of stuff boys are into but am lost on girls .
i do n't think museums or the zoo are her deal .
from out of town as am i and she 's a tough read far from picky .
whats the possibilty to have them released after group stage matches over ?
any pm players here with a setup on dolphin or something ?
so one of the 2 3/4 conflat copper gaskets that we use in the lab has a cool sort of pattern happening with the part that was n't vacuum sealed having gotten a bit oxidized i can put up a picture if you want .
i do n't have any fashion sense/style/whatever and i wanted an opinion on putting a chain in it and wearing it as a necklace .. is this super weird ?
i beat the game in 2 days so i 'm exploring the endgame would anyone like to play with me ?
maybe this is n't appropriate for this sub but i do n't like to ask in other places due to things that happened in the past .
unfortunately or fortunately i did n't pull the new ss gotenks .
is this something you guys do in the solution center ?
i feel like the last time i did this i 've only been using labtech for about a year currently on 10.5 lt exploded into a world of noisy ignite tickets .
i see a bunch of update available on the listed items in the solution but the version number is the same .
i know that i am a bit clueless on this .
m4a1-s guardian factory new team envyus cologne 2016 titan katowice 2014 over the mag kennys mlg columbus 2016 b/o 7keys
awp pit viper minimal wear complexity gaming katowice 2014 on scope b/o 2keys
add me or send me a trade if you 're interested !
d prices are negotiable if u trade in skins .
hey all i 'm visiting your city at the end of this month to see a show at express live flume if it matters .
just wondering how strict security is do they allow camelbacks glow sticks totems etc .
and what your thoughts are on the venue itself .
it looks beautiful from the pictures i 've seen i 'm really excited to check it out .
also any food/bar recommendations for beforehand would be greatly appreciated .
by like persona 4 '' i mean it has a sort of laid back feeling is n't very difficult and has interesting characters .
and yes i 've already played smtiv and soul hackers .
i mean exclusive skins for sw2 are cool and all but ...
do you think that there is a future for jailbreaking ?
to be honest i think apple has been giving a lot of money to security researchers before they even mentioned this program .
this is an automatic summary original https www.theguardian.com/science/2016/aug/04/brains-of-overweight-people-look-ten-years-older-than-those-of-lean-peers reduced by 73 .
the brains of people who are obese or overweight appear to have aged an extra 10 years compared to their lean peers from middle age onwards brain scanning research has revealed .
the volume of white matter in a human brain increases during youth and then decreases with age for both lean people and those who are overweight or obese .
researchers have discovered that this shrinkage differs depending on a subject 039 s bmi .
quot the overall message is that brains basically appear to be 10 years older if you are overweight or obese quot said lisa ronan first author of the study from the university of cambridge .
writing in the journal neurobiology of aging scientists from the university of cambridge and yale university describe how they sought to unpick links between obesity and brain structure by analysing mri scans from 473 individuals aged between 20 and 87 .
when the researchers looked at those over the age of 37 the age at which the volume of white matter starts to decrease they discovered those who were overweight or obese had a smaller volume of white matterthan lean subjects .
this difference in white matter volume was greatest around the age of 40 and then stabilised corresponding to an increase in brain age of around a decade compared to lean participants .
summary source http smmry.com/https www.theguardian.com/science/2016/aug/04/brains-of-overweight-people-look-ten-years-older-than-those-of-lean-peers faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 74371 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords brain 1 age 2 research 3 obesity 4 obese 5
post found in r/science http np.reddit.com/r/science/comments/4wecfl/overweight_obese_people_had_brain_atrophy_in r/news http np.reddit.com/r/news/comments/4wajrg/brains_of_overweight_people_look_ten_years_older r/hackernews http np.reddit.com/r/hackernews/comments/4wawzd/brains_of_overweight_people_look_ten_years_older and r/fatlogic http np.reddit.com/r/fatlogic/comments/4w66i8/possible_effects_of_obesity_on_the_brain .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
i just bought this from amazon a month ago and it was too late to find out that the keyboard backlighting turns off whenever you have n't struck a key within 5 seconds which is dumb because the idea of a backlight to begin with is for you to find the keys .
so is there a way to keep it on the whole time ?
i have always had a fantasy of being covered in so much cum i could n't breath .
i want to see the biggest loads you can possibly find !
is there anywhere in town where i get get a gram of 70 thc concentrate for less than 30 after tax ?
i 'm not an ommp person not sure if that matters .
i have a friend who says he is used to getting that kind of stuff at that price from main street marijuana .
this place has 81 thc concentrate for 24 after tax http www.portlandextracts.com
these guys offer a 90 thc for 25 after tax though it might be limited time only ?
with the news of 9.3.4 being released i figured i should update from 9.3.2 to 9.3.3 just to be safe .
so i wrote down all my tweaks and set to do the upgrade manually via itunes .
i know for a fact before i did the upgrade i had apex 2 and iwidgets installed at the same time .
i know there is a conflict between them but i never noticed an issue and would like to use them both .
but now cydia forces me to uninstall one or the other is there a way around this ?
the episode where taylor talked about going to that school where they taught him how to eat and stuff .
well i guess i never really gained anything from the fireballs anyway .
that 's my question cemu just have 9 months a live i think and it does a lot of great things with a very good pc you can play some game at 60 fps but they end here or they will make more compatibility and optimizations for the good and not too good pc ?
like dolphin when it starts just better pc can emulate games at 60fps now any pc can emulate its games .
from 1 to 100 cemu is completed in a x '' ?
i am for certain reasons going to be involved in an entirely unavoidable physical confrontation tomorrow .
this is a bit of a weird one and i do n't have a lot of experience with mu .
after migrating a site i 'm working on into a multisite network i 'm having issues with a single plugin .
its an events/calendar plugin but admin users are n't able to add new events like they should be .
the plugin is supposed to work with mu setups and i ca n't get a response from support or find anything in the documentation .
the only possible way around it i can think of now is to use a super admin account to create new events but the network admin is hesitant to have more than one super admin .
is there a way to create a role that is essentially a super admin but whose privileges are restricted to this one subsite ?
i guess that defeats the purpose of super admin but i figure it might get around this bug .
the main admin is just worried about a user accidentally messing up other sites on the network .
could anyone point me in the direction of a possible solution ?
edit if anyone is curious the plugin is https wordpress.org/plugins/the-events-calendar
so tonight i saw suicide squad and i noticed a little potential plot hole .
i do not understand how captain flagg is still alive .
when enchantress got away she started the bomb before taking it away from captain flagg .
they showed no evidence of stopping the two second bomb and once the two seconds were up he was holding it so i do n't understand why he did not blow up ?
on the m.imgur version i just get redirected to my albums .
i use a firefox plugin that forces desktop mode forever simply named desktop mode addon '' .
i can not use on an actual computer because i have no wifi and my phone refuses to hotspot and tether .
the page will load correctly on chrome but i prefer ff tbh .
i recently booked a capsule hotel for this december near tsukiji fish market hoping to walk over and check it out but after doing some research i heard that it 's going to be relocated in november 2016 somewhere across the city .
does anyone know if tourists will be able to visit the new market ?
i 'm bummed that the original will be closed but i just want to know if i can visit the new one .
sorry about the grammar i have n't slept in many hours .
comes with otter box case with secret credit card holder and charger .
the only flaw is flap missing that covers usb port .
can someone teach me how to start the prowler quest hunt a bulldrome ?
so when i talk to the quest counter lady its in the high tab ?
do i need to be in prowler mode before talking to the lady in order for the quest to appear ?
if not would it be doable if i do it with 1 or 2 other people ?
if i do complete the quest where do i redeem the reward ?
some of my classmates from high school are going to be there .
high school was the worst time of my life .
i would always cry at school and i never talked to anyone because of how depressed/anxious i was .
my friend is throwing the party but all of his friends are going to be there .
i 'm afraid that i 'll be left out like i always have been at social gatherings .
i went to a party of his when i was in a really bad place a few years ago.. there were no substances there to keep me calm..
i ended up crying and i had left early .
the other day he told me that he does n't want me to feel weird bc his friends are going to be there . ''
i 'm starting to get anxious.. luckily there 's going to be alcohol/weed..but still.. any advice ?
what banner format and drop rates should we expect in the future ?
format of w-burst double bsb banners https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1e1xughh-obdlm0qzwome4grjt9v3ocqmdmyli62hwfk/edit gid=1211382974 edit added predicted rates
clearly the format could change from jp remember tictacsgate ?
so i have enough money now and trades to basicly get the s cheap the thing is im an employee and my store is out .
there are 4 stores within 10 minutes of me that have a good amount .
i know i cant go trade at thier stores but can those stores do a hand carry to mine ?
what im really asking is would that be a dick move ?
i feel like im stealing a sale from another store .
the hearthstone subreddit has made fun of priest for a while now but everything we know is about to change .
with purify priest now has the ability for a viable 4 mana 7/7 with eerie statue !
the total cost for the legendary eerie statue combo is 6 mana total which is equivalent to flamewreathed faceless overload .
but wait they say it does n't buff tunnel trogg so it 's completely unplayable .
here 's the amazing part that blizzard should nerf before they release the new adventure purify not only silences your minion it also draws a card !
the meta is changing people but with this new combo you may stand a chance against those new rng portals .
tl dr priest has a 4 mana 7/7 with draw power creep confirmed
the patient arrived at the state hospital approximately twenty minutes after being struck by van in a crosswalk .
the sterile white light pierced his retinas like the iv bag that pierced his arm .
what is his party status ? asked a gruff masculine voice .
i do n't think that that will cover what he will need to continue to be productive.
without major surgery this man will lose all use of his legs thus rendering him useless.
he saw two white figures one tall and bent the other smaller and fat topped with a bright mop of red hair .
the figures continued to speak before the tall one left leaving the patient alone with the red headed nurse .
she snatched a syringe off a tray next to her and approached the patient .
it 's ok hun it 'll all be over soon. the patient felt a cool dampness being applied to his bare arm .
i want my wife. the patient was becoming more aware .
she dealt with these types of people every day .
she ignored his pleas and proceeded with the task at hand .
please get sara. tears began to swell in his eyes .
the sterile white light pierced his retinas like the needle in the nurse 's hand that pierced his arm .
though stinging tears he saw white light blended with red hair and then darkness .
i 'm curious what the voting would be and i would be happy to do the polls but only if people want to vote on them .
post your bold or not so bold predictions about the post-karazhan meta !
after the expansion comes out we can revisit and see who was most on point !
my first not so bold prediction priest will be just as bad as everyone is saying
a hunter deck that uses the new 0 mana secret card will be really strong but the mage secret synergy cards wo n't be strong enough to push the archetype .
beast druid will be the new shaman it get strong cards expansion after expansion and karazhan will be the point that allows it to reach its full potential .
im running xubuntu and some of my windows have different theme as shown here https i.imgur.com/o7mvckd.png
im guessing this is because gtk and qt are set to different themes .
how can i make all of my windows look like the top and bottom one ?
also tristan 's rule and neighbor are sitting in grands in dubs right now .
have not dropped a set to anyone beating red ranger/blank and jose v/dumshiny ‪ ‎retired‬ ‪ ‎sdboyz‬
my parents broke up a year after my younger brother was born .
after he split i never saw him again and i do n't know if he 's even alive .
last i heard he went back to china and is in some illegal racket there .
my mom worked and still does but she is the assistant manager now in a popular dim sum restaurant .
a lot of times she 'd use me as babysitter for my brother while she worked .
i 'd try to encourage my brother to do his school work too but he 'd usually just hang out with his friends .
in middle school he pretty much was involved with the wah ching and became hardcore in high school .
by this time i had gone to college partly on scholarship and partly on loans .
my goal was to become a registered nurse which i eventually achieved .
i eventually married another chinese-american who is a doctor .
we moved away from the san francisco area to los angeles .
my brother ended up going to jail for gang activity .
my mother blames me for the way my brother turned out .
she says that if i had kept a closer eye on him when he was younger then he would n't have joined up with gangs .
i told her that even when he was twelve he could easily overpower me and i could n't stop him from doing whatever he wanted .
my mom says i failed in my responsibilities as his older sister that since i was home i should have been a better guide for him .
my husband thinks my mom is insane but it still hurts .
i feel guilty a lot of the time like maybe i really could have stopped him from being who he is now .
my mom says i was selfish and only thinking of myself .
just looking for insight in how i 'm feeling .
husband has referred me to a psychiatrist friend of his but i do n't start seeing this doctor until the end of next week .
i 've visited my brother a few times in jail .
he says he misses me and that it 's all on him not to blame myself .
he 's so sweet and nice to me i just ca n't imagine him being this violent thug or dangerous person .
he was always good to me at home and i just feel awful and guilty like i could have done more to help him .
tl dr my mom says that it 's my fault my younger brother became a gangbanger and went to jail
hailing from one of the most mystical and musically rich cities in the levant
hello psychaleppo is deeply rooted in oriental music tradition .
blending it seamlessly with electronic music he creates a journey away from boundaries of style engaging souls into letting go while experiencing a new dimension of sonic blends . ''
now it sounds like something shorted and it 's making a hell of a lot of noise ... help
almost everybody on this subreddit has a flair or icon next to their name .
in most cases i assume they represent best girls but some posts have proved the contrary .
is it your best girl your dream card or does it represent something else ?
however she is my flair over umi because i want to show support for her .
i usually switch between my current one march set and fairy tale .
not to mention that idolized fairy tale pana is one of my dream urs .
on my pc i 've been trying to get this 2nd monitor and i 've tried a lot of things but nothing happened .
so i opened geforce experience and it just started working randomly and suggestions this does n't annoy me to much just wondering why
i do n't know if anyone has actually made this type of level before but i want you to make a level showcasing the 5 stages of grief in some form-or-fashion .
story level actual level do what you have to do .
do n't ask why i went for 5 stages of grief '' tho .
it really seems like my meso/hour as fallen in this spot .
is it just me or does the walk this way '' button only walk one way ?
i would like to tap on the screen in the direction i want to walk .
the joystick is just so buggy that i would rather use the tap feature ... if that worked .
oh and does the make some kind of mitm attack on pokestops ?
i have a couple of ideas for prompts but these are only starting points .
i 'm more than ok with adapting or modifying .
day to day i 'm your average guy love sports and the gym .
i want to have the tables turned on me .
you 've caught me sniffing your gfs panties and decide that if i want to sniff them then maybe i need to wear them for you .
you blackmail me into dressing and becoming your girlfriend .
you invite our friends over and you turn me into the evenings entertainment .
you find my internet browser history and decide that i need to stop talking to men on the internet .
you want me to follow through on my conversations '' .
you set up a date dates for me to become the woman i played as online .
i 'm hopeful someone will want to enjoy one of these with me .
my mom is scheduling me an appointment down at the transgender clinic they have at the local children 's hospital i 'm literally super excited and have no idea what to expect but my confidence in myself has raised by 70
still have to work on telling my dad at some point though but oh well i turn 18 in 3 months and i can go stay at my moms if he kicks me out
still have to get my teeth fixed though and even though they need a lot of work i looked up pictures of people with teeth like mine but apparently mine are n't nearly as bad as my anxiety made me think they were xp
graduated with a bachelors in english in may 2015 .
started grad school for secondary ed almost immediately but left in february and moved back to a small town with no job opportunities .
have been applying like crazy for jobs in chicago because that 's the nearest city .
i get daily calls from employers who are interested but they practically hang up on me as soon as i tell them that i 'm not local .
i ca n't afford to move without a job in place .
it feels like i 'm trapped in this hellish catch-22 .
living here is awful i 'm been severely depressed and isolated for months and am considering suicide .
i feel like such a loser for not being able to find work and i feel like this is creating too large of a gap on my resume digging me into even deeper of a hole .
are there any alternatives to the traditional job search where i can bypass all the bullshit ?
i feel like i need to get out of here and just move on with my life with or without a job .
so my second question is this how can i escape without traditional employment but i can still mark down as meaningful experience have a smooth transition and maybe make some income ?
i have both a ps4 and a gaming pc .
i 'm just wondering why a game with 30fps feels smooth on the ps4 while i can definitely feel its laggy on the pc when the fps drops to 30fps on the same game .
hey what are some rock songs that you guys are glad that you learned ?
what are some good vocalist that are good for beginners to listen to learn from ?
and good ones that are easy and cover the fundamentals but do n't require anything complicated ?
looking for 2 chill players to do too bounties .
we win great if not do n't sweat it ! !
grumble has had a white coating on his tongue for weeks but i was told it was likely from the neosure that was being added to my pumped milk as a calorie booster so i did n't worry about it .
now we 're off the neosure granted only a few days out right now and it has n't gone away and when he yawned really big i got a peek in his mouth and he has a couple little white spots on the roof of his mouth too .
should i wait until his 2 month check up on the 15th and bring it up then ?
or should i call and see if i can get him in this week ?
this whole ftm thing is basically constantly not having a clue and not wanting to ask my mom because half the things she says are outright wrong by todays knowledge .
so my buddy found a website called www.questionboxes.com it 's very erire and im not really sure what it even is .
it 's just a picture of somone looking down a dark staircase .
and a bunch of unknown items for sale that are all called ¿ '' and all have no description and no pictures .
and they range from 10-50 100-500 1000-5000 all the way to 1 million .
very scared if i were to purchase one because it could be somthing illegal .
can somone help me fjnd out what 's the point of the website ?
i was n't able to check the code or anything .
hi i play maplestory europe im from portugal how can i download reboot ?
just wondering if playing guys out of their position affects their attributes at all .
nothing crazy just want to swap around sg/sf and pf/c particularly in myteam .
i 've seen the stories of how oppressive he is in high elo ranked and i understand it is a well known thing that his ult is bonkers broken and will probably be nerfed soon but its getting to the point in quickplay where you see 2 of him on the enemy team in like 80 of your games .
as a lucio main quickplay has basically become a game of hold onto your ult until you hear someone start screaming in japanese '' but the problem is when there is 2 genji 's on the other team unless they ult at the same time your ult will only really negate one of them .
this is making quickplay so unfun it is actually pretty sad and i hope blizzard nerfs this asap
hi guys i am a sexy submissive 20 year old sissy who is looking for a man who would want me to live with them full time .
i want someone who i can get to know before i commit to anything but if we are right for each other i want ltr .
give me a description of yourself and what you want if you 're interested .
i will send pics if you sound promising but pic hunters please leave me alone .
want to live ... a real life ? the world changes when you click yes .
in god 's dimension you have to keep getting stronger keep evolving to survive one horror movie after another .
do you kill everyone in your way to reach the end as a lone king ?
or fight along with your comrades and survive through the support of friends ?
until you find the secret of god 's dimension .
note for new readers who do n't watch movies .
the author does a good job explaining the overall plot of each movie .
however i advise you dearly to watch the movies in order to immerse yourself a lot more in the novel .
all 45 cards have been revealed for the upcoming adventure and boy is there a lot to go through .
i 'll simply refer you to this if you have n't seen all the cards yet https www.reddit.com/r/hearthstone/comments/4v60mk/the_marvelous_prerelease_reveal_chart_all
so what do you think about all these cards from both a competitive and 'custom ' point of view ?
that there are n't any more 4 mana 7/7s ?
or perhaps you enjoy the mechanics and themes of some of the cards ?
what a shit-show of a community this sub is .
we 're getting to steam forum cancer at this rate .
as a pc user i 'm sick of seeing these type of comments from both side
would every pcuck in here bitching and moaning please shut the fuck up
enjoy your shit fps console plebs at least we get mods ect ect ect
this sub use to be fun to come to and discuss our hype but now its just a pc vs ps4 war for a fucking delay .
i 'm just asking for everybody here to be have a nice calm civil discussion about this game .
lets not ruin it for others for bs reasons .
let 's not scare potential players from playing this game !
also to clear stuff up with ps4 users a lot of us pc players are salty because we did n't get noticed of this weeks before now .
i think most of are fine with the delays its not a long one just annoying that a lot of us built up hype and took days of working just to get fucked again .
so overall lets all calm our shit and hopefully by this time next week we 're all in-game playing nms .
i wanted to know if anyone ever had any problems with fragrancex.com ?
i 'm looking for micallef perfumes however the delivery price 40 euros plus the price itself is much higher than the one on fragrancex.com .
i 'd really like to save some money but receiving a fake bottle is the last thing i want .
if anyone is interested i wanted to buy micallef puzzle no.2
it would be great if you could suggest any website with decent reputation !
first 5 matches in all agents with cloak dagger and another hero .
lost every match because there 's apparently two debuffs that affect range and melee actions and also do n't wear off until you 're hit .
normally this would be fine except that with cloak dagger and agents sporting d.o.t .
equipment you lose automatically before you even make a move ... .what the hell .
the mets signed rivera to a minor league deal in 2009 .
in 63 games with triple a buffalo he slashed .234/.272/.406 with 9 homers and 30 rbis .
he even got a spring training invite going 6-for-22 in 14 games with 3 of those hits being homers .
because that would just be a dream come true 3 ?
somehow the sandbox games ive played are just focused on pvp while pve in this games is mainly just a grind to raise stats .
what is the best sandbox game youve played regarding pve ?
i 'm 23 f and have been suffering from generalised anxiety for about 18 months .
i 've always been really into horror movies but since i started to get anxious more and more often i avoided them assuming they 'd make me feel worse .
but a while ago i decided to watch one anyway and i was really surprised it actually made by anxiety massively reduce and i felt much calmer for days afterwards !
almost as though i 'd binged on anxiety whilst watching and then felt better for it .
i feel a bit weird about it to be honest like watching violent or disturbing stuff should n't make me feel better .
but did a bit of research online and there are a few psychologists with theories backing up why this could help .
so i have been wondering about this since i joined the game .
nobody seems to care about being hidden and gain spotting damage only they have to fire when they spot something even myself .
so is spotting damage in pve/pvp worth it like the other game or not ?
basically have depression on meds waiting for psych to approve hormones and write a prescription .
recently i realised a pretty strong trend the further into depression i 'm sinking at a given time the less dysphoric i feel and the more i really do n't care about my body '' i get .
on the other hand when i 'm feeling pretty alright in general i feel uncomfortable with myself whenever i think about it .
i can rationalise why it could be but it 's not particularly helpful that when i 'm literally trying not to let myself think about suicide i feel the most at home with my body and when i do n't need to do that i feel disgusted with myself .
hello i 'm currently undergraduate in sociology but have n't seen some much of sociology of religion unfortunately is not on optional courses either .
the robot by the bounty board at the tower says this all the time !
i have always wondered does he say this for anyone else that is n't in ontario ?
is he programmed to say things about your location or is this just something he says for everyone ?
i currently use the crap out of repeater fields on an internal site for logging work done and hours .
is there a way to search the values of the 'time ' fields and display the additive sum on a separate page ?
i can do a single pages sum using jquery but how would display the sum of all fields form all projects in a single page ?
hi everyone have n't played quake since the earlier titles and i noticed that quake live is currently on sale and i am just wondering if it is worth picking up .
i 'll buy it provided that there are still some australian servers that are decently populated .
newspaper runs side-by-side obituaries of same man one from his wife and one from his girlfriend
submitted august 05 2016 at 09:12pm by u/offandthenonagain https www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/4wevue/newspaper\_runs\_sidebyside\_obituaries\_of\_same\_man ? utm\_source=ifttt
went through some old books i 've scribbled my thoughts into over the last 5 years or so and this line out of it pretty much sums up my feelings in doing that .
i 'm a tripper and my mind is so out there and open and i 'm so proud of that .
this makes sense to me and that 's pretty much all that matters .
wow i thought i found a community with like minded people and that if the outside workld does n't accept me as much then some people online would or o i thought .
i know its the internet but im on subreddits where i enjoy the same thing as others and i still become casted out .
i got downvoted like fuck on one post in the gaming subreddit for a joke and other subreddits to .
i had to delete and block over 100 users in the past week and a half .
im just done with this place in total lol i used to watch over this site with no acc and waste time reading the stories and stuff .
but really i just past a week of nofap all by myself and i didnt visit this site for advice or motivation at all .
i jsut shared opinions and got shitted on really welp i ant crying xd .
the stream has to end eventually he is gon na finish the project soon .
there has to be a reason why he dropped this stream .
also do n't think november is gon na be when he drops it i read somewhere that it was def a summer album .
noticed they had some good reviews on amazon but upon further inspection most seemed to be sponsored or something along those lines .
also is their s/m band size on the sport bands the same as apples ?
a while back when the ipad 2 was popular i bought a grey polyurethane smart cover to use .
since then i left the ipad in a closet for a year or so only taking it out every year or so to make sure the battery was n't flat and that it was updated .
i took it out today and the inside microfibre part of the case smells of urine/a stinky toilet and it 's pretty bad .
surprisingly the ipad itself as well as the rubber outside is fine .
how do i go about removing the smell/cleaning it ?
would dunking it in a dish soap/water combo and then leaving it to air dry do the trick ?
just built my new computer but none of my saves are appearing .
steam cloud is enabled but it 's not getting anything
i 've recently gotten a team together to try to take building a magic set seriously .
the biggest problem i have at this stage is that i ca n't think of a tool that would work .
we need something to hold the image files of the cards and allow for comments on each .
however we also need the ability to update the image when we change wordings stats etc while keeping those comments there as a backlog of changes made .
all the while it needs to be accessible to all of us so cloud storage ?
and kept neat because there ought to be 200 cards in the set .
the best solution i have at the moment is a subreddit for the set where each card has an album .
that way the comments can reside in the subreddit and have it link to the album containing all previous and current versions of the card .
so basically i 've been playing for about a week now on realm since my old account was hacked and lost as a red star .
and ive been helping players out so much by giving free potions etc .
and basically just today as i reached 6/8 and me being a blue star 11 and for 3 days it took my wizard i teleported to someone that said crystal tp '' i teleport and was instantly killed by ent gods http prntscr.com/c27o80 is a picture of the rest of the people that died about 25 people of all sorts of characters died in this indecent i understand my chances of anyone seeing this and me being revived is beyond low but if there is any way possible to have done so i will be greatly appreciate for the help done there is no way this could have been prevented for me or anyone else that died in this .
alot say this is just how you play the game but this to me is unfair and bad sportsman ship to this game .
your supposed to play as a team enjoy and grow better not be destroyed by your own brothers.. that 's all i have to be said .
my ign is totun if there is any way of me being revived by deca .
this article itself is somewhat r/badpolitics claiming that china is a communist state even though it has embraced capitalist methods and north korea as communist even though it is juche .
but when i went down to the comments section i found a gold mine .
the democrats of america never advocated for anything resembling communism .
at most they are social democrats which even then that is debatable .
with the present occupant of the white house and the state of the democrat party one must conclude that communism is alive and well in the united states .
you mean the guy who is putting into effect the tpp a treaty which helps multinational companies is a communist ?
currently the democratic party nominee for president is hilary clinton who 's donations primarily come from private companies superpacs
there is quite simply no such thing as communism merely despotism disguised as such
communism is about the common ownership of the means of production and requires no state from what i know while despotism is about one guy holding a lot of if not all the power in the state .
king george iii would be ecstatic to have the yolk of power this criminal fed govt has on us !
the context before this is that the guy was talking about obamacare and dodd-frank taxes .
here is the thing king george would not be happy because the highest position in the us political system is the president who only at most can serve two terms and has to get bills through congress in order to pass a law .
once hard work and sacrifice bring you no more than doing little almost every does little .
the us 's welfare system is not even close to anything resembling communism .
today 's democratic leaders are the disciples of saul alinsky and the same group that were crushed by the fall of their beloved soviet union .
the love the soviet union so much that the democratic party is supported by big businesses and are helping mncs .
christ this was one hell of an comment section to get through
i have some index funds that i save into each month through fundsnetwork .
i put £200 into a new fund this month which bought me 0.9 shares at £221.3383 .
i understand that 0.91 shares could n't be bought as this would be £201.42 more than i invested .
my question is what has happened to the £0.80 ?
should this not have gone into a cash account ?
apparently they show holdings to two decimal places and then calculate the valuation based on this .
so the £0.80 is never seen but they assure me the full amount was invested .
i like cooking i fix broken headphones wires are poor quality these days man .
recently i stumbled upon interesting thing making small items out of casting resin .
the first thing which came into my mind was making keycaps for my old keyboard similar to these shiny ! https scontent-waw1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/13237839_1552678128361439_7847251289777900450_n.jpg ? oh=e6e53a70be43773986e126f84fd63036 oe=5859f0ce .
i have 0 experience when it comes to resin though .
and pictures of your works too if you feel like it
i went out and got parca pacs certified late last year .
i spent my own money and took several days of vacation time so i could fly to dallas to attend one of the pacs training sessions conducted by otech .
i gained their first level of certification – cpas .
i know it 's nothing extravagant but at least it 's a step in the right direction .
i 'm now working towards ciip and cpsa certification .
but here 's the kicker – i had the certification rejected by my healthcare organization because parca is not recognized by the arrt ?
i 've been fighting with them over it for months and i 've decided to take my case to reddit .
no one else in our pacs department has any pacs certifications so you 'd think that my meager cpas certification would at least get me a slight leg-up pay increase or an officially recognized credential but evidently i had expected too much from the idiots in department management – none of whom even understood what parca or ciip were .
and believe me it 's not because i did n't try to explain it to them .
to make a long story short all of our pacs people come from the radiographer ranks so the department and the radiology hr rep seems to have a tendency to declare everything the arrt sanctions as holy and everything that 's not is dismissed and declared illegitimate .
i guess that means i should work on ciip certification for next time then huh ?
does anyone else find this as infuriating and absurd as i do ?
the level of ignorance and stupidity that exists at the dept of veterans affairs is truly stunning .
it 's extremely frustrating and tedious to spec change to resto at the start of every dungeon and having no mana .
when i queue i am in resto i queue as healer and i get put into the dungeon as elemental
i had been talking to him for two years .
in the past i 've always wanted to learn new languages and i decided to start with spanish since i talked to him everyday and it was hence convenient for me to practice my spanish .
he started acting in a strange manner ever since the question to whether we should meet irl arose details he said he wanted to bring his brother to our meeting as he does n't know the biggest city in his province well enough to go there himself his brother had to show him the way to the exam centre for his recent public exams .
also we only had two video skype calls in the past .
he said he got a new phone at the start of this year and that his previous phones did not allow skype to be installed .
he said his parents separated and he lives with his dad and his dad 's laptop 's webcam does not work so he could only skype at his mom 's home .
i asked him who she is and he said she 's a girl he met online .
after all this i still kept on talking to me .
he only stopped replying and checking my messages the day i left his province .
i long for the times before finding out that i was probably catfished .
the fact that i failed to find a language buddies in spain only makes letting go even more difficult .
i 'm currently using dolphin-5.0-21 and it works perfectly fine but when i update to the current dolphin-5.0-373 dolphin crashes as soon as i start any game multiple tried when d3d11 is used instead of ogl .
so i 'll stick with 5.0-21 but i do n't want to miss future features so does anyone has an idea what is going on ?
can i activate some logs to see what the cause is ?
a few weeks ago i found a video of a simulated incest scene there was what appeared to be the son daughter and mother .
the daughter was wearing some sort of cat-ears and a mask .
she went to bed with her brother to sleep .
then the brother woke up and went downstairs to get a drink in the kitchen and saw the mother sleeping in her room .
after awhile the sister came down and joined in .
i ca n't get this outta my head been searching for weeks .
i just faced someone on xb1 who had a squad rating of 73 and he was spamming slide tackle enough to cause the game to disconnect from 65th-90th minute but it never disconnected .
it 's just that neither of us had silvers so it did n't disconnect .
just looking for people who are usually active around this time to come build in pve .
i 'm posting this at around 8pm my time but would normally be active 3:30pm-8:30pm on weekdays and weekends i could probs be on for 48 hours straight .
if you can use mumble please jump on d is there anywhere else i should post this ?
hi all i went to a christian camp recently and the talk on the last night in the youth tent was about how when we sin it is easy to get down about .
we often fall into a downward spiral on sin .
but god is like a patient father waiting to take our hand and pick us up .
god says do n't worry about it i forgive you let 's try again . ''
but the devil wants you to think that god is judging you .
introducing the possessor '' class gameart gamedesign by xed .
gaming fans read more http buff.ly/2ann6zr visit our twitter http ift.tt/1rbthtp visit our site http ift.tt/1q7upui
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
also feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score so people can compare .
i want to get as much exp as i can so i 'm saving a lot of pokemons before i use a lucky egg like many others .
but how many exactly do you have time to evolve ?
it would be a waste if you had evolved every pokemon you can and have 15 minutes left of your lucky egg .
i 've been traveling through south east asia for a few months and about to head into vietnam .
i 've heard they censor facebook but people all use vpns .
i 'd quite like to use facebook as it 's my contact to my family etc and also i hear they 're a good idea for security when going from wifi to wifi .
i 've heard express vpn to be good but it 's a bit pricy for me to just jump on into .
i 'm a new user looking for someone mainly running hyper kaede to bf .
you 'd be surprised what a attitude change will do to motivate .
for every person there is a different vape setup ie .
of course it seemed like a lot of effort .
well effort willpower is a necessity ingredient to quitting cig .
i have try various combo of vaping setup for almost 9 months before i finally stop smoking last month .
all that money and effort has led me to finally quit smoking .
just make vaping like a hobby to you quitting cig will come naturally .
backlight would be nice but i do n't plan to use it anywhere super dark .
emotional damage is the nimbyism that op experienced firsthand at their neighborhood council meeting and your whiny ineffectual comments above .
do you think they got the spice girls again this year ?
but i may have been coming out of loblaws and walking south on my way home .
i watched that and just thought thank fuck i do n't have to deal with situations like that in my job but apparently you think you could have done a better job .
if it turned into an all out brawl they probably would have lost .
i had no idea that sub reddit existed ... would love to see an ama from their mods in r/toronto haha
of course it 's possible play freeze mage or any malygos deck .
in low ranks everyone 's reaction time is absolute shit so if you kill someone slightly quicker than the average all the kids will scream 'omg he prefired me walls walls walls ' because they 're so shit they ca n't even tell between a prefire and a quick reaction .
u-232 has a half life of 69 years and produces a lot of gamma emitters u-233 has a half life of 160,000 years which is longer than pu-239 's 24,110 years—the earth being 4.5 billion years old is why there 's no natural u-233 .
and then continues down a decay cycle that we 're not too familiar with .
see there are four possible decay cycles because of how beta decay works
pa-233 only decays to u-233 beta minus decay is deterministic unless there is a competing reaction which i ca n't think of any that compete with beta minus—if it was beta plus decay there 'd be ec but it 's not .
i do n't know where you get 4 decay chains from unless you are counting the parasitic reactions which kick off their own separate chains .
the issue with using this cycle is that the pa-233 like you said has a half life of a month but if it is left in the reactor under goes n,2n reactions producing pa-232 which becomes the u-232 impurity .
u-233 also under goes an n,2n reaction to make u-232 impurities .
it is hard to separate u-232 from the u-233 which is why it is difficult but not impossible to work with u-233 .
1955 us detonated a 22 kt pu-239/u-233 bomb operation teapot met was suppose to be 33 kt
1955 ussr detonated a 1.6 mt u-235/u-233 bomb rds-37 the ussr 's first hydrogen bomb
1998 india detonated a 0.2 kt u-233 bomb pokhran ii shakti v an experimental device likely for india to test the feasibility of making u-233 bombs given their thorium reserves .
1 you can enrich it after wards probably easier now that there are better robotics but still hard due to the close atomic weights of u-232 and u-233 .
or 2 avoid it entirely by having the capacity to remove the pa-232 online—one of the promises of lftr type reactors is the online/continuous removal of fission/fuel products .
removing the pa-232 would allow you to let it decay to u-233 without significant u-232 impurities .
this would allow you to make fuel/bombs without the u-232 concern .
as you can see from the above removing the pa and allowing it to decay away from the reactor would prevent most of the u-232 formation .
should n't the hre automatically dissolve now or am i thinking of something else ?
well because it 's been a point of contention on r/habs and r/hockey during the season if he will or should .
and of course there are people who actually do think he 's ridiculously fallen off but those people are only looking at his mistakes
fair admissions should try to normalize the environment factor .
they 're just there to educate not to fix some imbalance present in society .
their sole goal is to educate those who come to them asking to be educated .
from some moral standpoints they should maximize their ability to teach by only taking the best students possible irrespective of their identity .
the moral argument present in contrast to this has again to do with society and the failings present in some groups who 's various circumstances make it harder for them to be an appealing candidate for admission .
it should also be mentioned that of course identity background etc .
are not the sole factors one could use to identity someone 's possibility for success .
some people have risen above their environment to much greater success than even those from a more favorable environment .
merit should be evaluated by looking at how well people did given their environment .
then we end up with people who are fundamentally ill-equipped to succeed and meet the same standards .
lets say you have one child from cambodia wherever and they barely know how to read but the fact that they 're even alive is a major feat .
should they then get access to a college education where they quite literally ca n't succeed because they ca n't even keep up with the most basic of readings let alone any of the foundational topics ?
similarly we also have to consider that college admission at least to some extent is a finite resource especially to particularly prestigious institutions where the networking alone is actually what is most of value .
so should we then reject someone who came from a better background but has a different identity simply because of their identity and because they had a better background ?
should i tell a middle-class white guy that because the fact that he 's even alive right now is n't a feat that he ca n't have a college education of which he is comparatively far more likely to succeed with whereas the cambodian child will most likely flunk out ?
students who do well without being pushed by parents should be rewarded .
what is it about the doing well without being encouraged that sets them apart and makes them more deserving of a 'reward ' ?
in such a system one would expect roughly proportional representation of races .
one would expect that without any outside factors one would get proportional representation but the reality is that we do have outside factors and those factors have a negative impact on a number of individuals .
this does not mean that this is the responsibility of the educating institution to fix .
in this context affirmative action is a tool to guess what kind of environment a student has been in and adjust the student 's merit accordingly .
except that affirmative action is based solely upon skin color and not on merit .
there 's plenty of poor white people that ought to be considered for the very same reasons that you describe but affirmative action says that there 's already too many white people and so we need more of other minorities .
what happens instead is that a series of people who have less need-based merit get in and those with a need-based merit do not .
in other words in your system if we ignore race as the selection basis and instead base admission upon those who have had it the hardest colleges would be filled with the literal worse students possible based upon their life hardships .
you 'd have more illiterate and poorly-educated individuals in institutions expected to learn high-level material when they 're still at a relatively low-level of understanding of the previous material if that .
race along with factors like family income neighborhood and major life incidents should be used together to get a clear picture of a student 's environment .
any measure where you could use race to give someone assistance can be substituted for a non-racial metric .
for example if the argument is that not enough black people are getting into college due to the cost then targeting income helps them as well as others with similar criteria without specifically excluding others again with the same need based upon their race .
affirmative action is literal racial discrimination with good intent but a poor end result .
you ca n't just racially select the other side without the same fundamental flaw being present from racially selecting the first time around .
if it is wrong to select people based upon race then that has to apply to everyone not just to those that are underrepresented otherwise its still just racism unless you deliberately redefine racism to specifically exclude white people .
digital audio output is set to auto only other option is pcm .
even on auto the blu rays only play in stereo
does n't matter callie wants to plunder some booty .
no the troll that speaks in all caps is karkat m8
it just doesnt make sense to use the reddit thread when cevo has its own support system ts forum .
damn i missed the first 4 threads and had to catch up to all of it today .
after watching it 3 times dubbed i 've decided to watch it subbed this time and i 'm really impressed .
she has much more personality in her voice here compared to the dub where her vocal expression does n't really go beyond cute airhead '' .
the japanese voice for mugi really elevates my opinion of her character .
i 'm not bashing the dub i 've seen it 3 times after all but the japanese voices are really something .
'get born ' was awesome and everything afterwards was very disappointing .
it 's not like she does n't have her own problems with antivax pandering though she certainly is pro-vaccine herself and the anti-science positions on gmos .
yeah but honestly i 'll take a well meaning idiot over corruption and 1 ers any day .
i have a friend who was diagnosed with stage 4 ovarian cancer in nov. 2007 pretty much a couple of years of same symptoms as you went to several doctors finally got right diagnosis .
this is n't twitter we 're talking about proximity based chat .
and what i just described in that post was not flaming '' i very explicitly described harassment and threats .
so when one of those threats gets followed through on you arrive on the victim 's doorstep and tell them that it 's their problem .
i like this guy.. more people should be addicted to dominion..
i suggest applying to other ivies ea if you can because imho you stats look beautiful .
if secret wins 2-0 against liquid i 'll drink a full glass of milk .
because you could spend on things that really matters .
with 6000 i could spend on 90 of my student loans
the back of the ps4 game box and the steam game page both clearly list the game as being single player .
i 'm unclear as to exactly why you still seem to be confused on this point .
i will be messaging you on 2016-08-09 00:23:51 utc http www.wolframalpha.com/input ? i=2016-08-09 00:23:51 utc to local time to remind you of this link .
click this link http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message https www.reddit.com/r/jailbreak/comments/4wc5de/discussion_hey_rjailbreak_yesterday_i_posted_to/d663y0a 0a 0aremindme !
3 days to send a pm to also be reminded and to reduce spam .
parent commenter can delete this message to hide from others .
faqs http np.reddit.com/r/remindmebot/comments/24duzp/remindmebot_info custom http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message link inside square brackets else default to faqs 0a 0anote do n't forget to add the time options after the command. 0a 0aremindme !
your reminders http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=list of reminders message=myreminders !
feedback http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebotwrangler subject=feedback code https github.com/silver remindmebot-reddit browser extensions https np.reddit.com/r/remindmebot/comments/4kldad/remindmebot_extensions
your account must be at least one month old and you must have at least 50 comment karma in order to create a self post .
if you 're new to the sport and want to ask a question then check out r/soccernoobs .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/soccer if you have any questions or concerns .
i did n't make a claim about what to do with it at this time but the claim that homosexuality is primarily condemned in leviticus is clearly false .
i was reading your post what 's a post theist ?
fwiw i describe myself as a metaphysical naturalist or a strong atheist .
i believe that the universe or multiverse if applicable is all that there is and that nothing exists supernatural .
i hold that as an article of faith though as one ca n't prove that all supernatural godofthegaps hanging out in russell 's many teapots do n't exist .
i used to be much more antitheist or antichristian .
i grew up in rural georgia which was pretty baptist and very intolerant of nonchristians .
to be fair to the baptists they were also fairly intolerant of other christians .
back then i would have said christianity and most if not all religions are anti science and bad for humans .
i learned of plenty of examples of good acts performed by christians but it was a series of lectures on apocalyptic thought and how it shaped western civilization by the teaching company that really moved me .
the lecturer spoke about abolitionists who arrived at their position because of their religious beliefs well before secular thinkers argued similarly .
i realized that while i 'm not a fan f dogmatic belief systems religion can be a powerful force for good .
as such it is difficult or impossible to make sweeping statements about it being good or evil .
101 but only because i could n't find the rare breed nor afford it .
a bottle of 108 or now 112 with a lipstick kiss is my buddy 's wife 's gift to me every year .
this might sound stupid but i started in 95 .
the year itself is considered the worst year in wwe by many but i did n't think it was too bad .
plus you have nitro that started in september of that year .
being born in 95 it just seems like a good place to start .
it felt nice to see guys i grew up watching get there starts in wwe .
triple h stone cold steve austin the undertaker was on the rise .
greg oops i killed another rock and now i have two sons '' .
i hope you made it through at least one of dantes circles today and did not smoke .
that saa/ndf soldier looks like he has been through hell .
second thought ... if your contention is that god ca n't diversify species by means of natural selection ... maybe god just is even more amazing than you think . ''
sounds more like a desperate grip to keep a bad theory alive .
judging by the fact that most of the top10 is yomidra i 'd say there are awakenings v
the world is full of small talk and small talk is the worst .
i actually almost spat out my coffee reading your edit .
just me or why did n't the birds move at all while torches of fire are slowly being floated up to light you the fuck on fire ?
i have seen some research on this but i currently have 2 wrs on the same team .
is this strategy beneficial or do the cons outweigh the benefits ?
penn state keeps it close but michigan pulls away in the fourth and we end up winning by 2 touchdowns .
the ohio state game all bets are off and it 's a disgusting slugfest with blood and gore everywhere .
that 's my prediction ... . and so you know i actually can see the future and you should take these predictions literally .
anything else they do never makes the national news .
protesting is not supposed to be convenient for people .
if you are convenient and out of the way no one will ever even know you exist .
i may catch heat for this but id honestly like a civil discussion on why you feel im wrong .
im not sure i feel cesaro deserves a push .
i watch his matches and i feel he 's a 2 trick pony .
he runs around and does a bunch of european uppercuts one day im going to count and then he does the big swing .
he does some high spots and variations but in the end its the same move repackaged .
i think he has the talent and the ability to be a main eventer but hes just not there yet .
they 're a unique you feel good about using .
not well i 'm using this dumb neck that has all of one relevant stat because i need that one relevant stat and it sucks outside of it '' .
every unique item should strive to be somewhat similar to skyforth .
aka i feel good about finding this i feel good about using this . ''
voltaxic and windripper used to be this way among other things .
i really really hope they leave the hybrid question alone .
there 's enough evidence to support a couple of theories if you want to believe any of them but it 's left vague enough that those of us who thought it was a dumb idea did n't have to accept another tired and convoluted and unoriginal prophecy '' that 's in every damn story ever told .
my biggest problem with when moffat does ideas like that which affect the doctor 's whole history is why have we never heard about this before ?
it 's just ridiculous and i really liked the way they left it with the suggestion that maybe the hybrid '' really was just a legend and a myth and never had any real basis .
they made it sound so ominous and intense and then ... .nothing .
the doctor did n't kill a billion time lords or anything crazy .
which i guess would have been interesting if they had played up the angle that over time myths legends and prophecies end up sounding super crazy and apocalyptic when in reality they 're just little things .
so glad that they are on tour i 've seen nina from the cardigans now i can see sheryl .
honestly the best priest card revealed today was the 1 mana 0/2 that draws a card .
everyone called their fans 12 yrs old due to some rather unsavory sophomoric all-too-boisterous fans .
the i 'm 12 '' slogan did n't help anything .
what the fuck is a zebstrika and why is it a german world war ii aircraft
the walking dead did n't break the universe though .
imagine if they made it so that hope '' would make zombies go away and not attack you or that love '' could cure the zombie virus .
the sci-fi/fantasy type genre which includes superhero shows needs to write a set of rules in the beginning and then stick to them .
once you put so many different magic into the show you ca n't really take it back
odds are he loses to fale and tana though .
i get my fire good and hot then throw some fresh wood on it just as i am
about to cook then throw my cast iron over it .
each dinner took me about 2 hours from starting the fire to eating .
i wouldnt say it was a starting goal of the ring since the reagents idea was brought in recently but i think more items like this could be a great way to find a way to use those tons of reagents sitting in people stashes .
hopefully if it works out well then it might tempt fohg to use enchanting in more items .
i tend to have markiplier jacksepticeye uberhaxornova seannanners vanoss and now harshlycritical playing in the background .
though it would be kind of funny if the bbc mockingly said it when the usa team walked in xd
i literally thought this was blizzard just trolling the stream by revealing a joke/fake priest because of all the ruckus ppl have been making over how bad priest is lately .
probably because none of them donate and few of them vote .
what we saw is exactly what i was expecting rich get richer priest gets it in the ass again .
he 's been really good since he got called back up .
cazenovia park is a rotating nest right now i believe it 's still exeggcute .
awkward songs fuck trying more than once to get a full paired note just get its encore from an easier tune .
others have adequately answered your question and i do n't have any more information to add .
i will say that i 've found junk yards to be an excellent place to buy cheap mufflers .
i just bought a gen 2 dodge dakota with the intention of eventually swapping in a hemi .
the muffler was completely rusted out so i scored a pretty new magnaflow from a durango at my local pick pull .
that 's why you use it to stock up on balls then camp a couple lured stops .
kind of dissapointed by this bundle i really wanted something like the june humble monthly but i guess now i have to have these ones
oh lord the way you put the things you felt in here are spot on .
thanks colorizebot you printed it out and dipped one side in stagnant piss .
i could have done that too but not with the upvotes or sense of originality .
tell me how it goes i 'm applying right mow
lmao throw in your headset and you 're in the crowd ?
have it so you can see other players in the crowd with you and it 's like you 're really there !
and then everyone can bitch that they 're in a shitty seat for a vr game
first gen for the high security keys and locks on the civic .
likely a bent front or rear wafer in the lock .
it 'll be a problem until it 's serviced .
the thing that actually makes it suspicious is that when that thing with mcree happens he does n't react surprised about it .
wtf why my mouse moved like that '' or anything .
he just acts and ignores it like nothing happened trying to cover it or idk what but i think u/jlm231 nailed it with the soldier 76 stairs clip https gfycat.com/physicaldistantdragonfly where his aim wobbles up/down in sync with the stairs .
no way there 's no excuse for that nobody can do that and if someone can it has to be 100 conscious not shooting anyone and 100 concentrated on doing it and either way even doing it that way i do n't think it 's possible unless you adjust your sensibility to be able to do just that .
so yeah i think u/jlm231 nailed it with that one and u/mewshi should add it like a twitch vod 4 '' it 's a solid and wonderful prove he 's cheating or at least using a 3rd party programm that it 's adjusting his aim .
what 's the better method of getting as many donuts on a bunny 's head as possible
stacking them on the top or threading the ears through them ?
ooh sibin/rakurobit has a pixiv http www.pixiv.net/member.php ? id=2813560 tumblr http rakurobit.tumblr.com and twitter https twitter.com/rakurobit with a lot of cute furry stuff if you 're into that .
keep doing what you 're doing it looks like it 's working for you .
we 've got a smart one on our hands .
one more year is worth way more than 30k to me .
it 'd be like a scene from the road but with the bonus of music .
as much as i like anal maybe guys should try it one day and see much further their orgasms get .
and secondly it aint gay even if you got one in and still think about ur gf fingering you or titties .
adding items you can buy for money lowers competitive integrity you think they will remove those ?
if you do n't see by now the game has been made to be played casual and just for fun which is perfectly fine .
if it was different there would be a leader board among other things .
yes the game is in development and still lacking a lot of things .
but how gyms are currently set up competition will never be a real thing .
ill say it again the only reason they will get rid of spoofers is because they get less money from people .
pally just a note to say do n't let the fuckers get you down .
and thanks for the time and effort you put into what you do .
i totally understand what you 're trying to say theentity .
i also understand why scouse was questioning the op .
it seems like everyone is so concerned about validating the importance of this non-human bone that they ca n't see you 're not disagreeing with them .
this comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user apos s privacy .
it was created to help protect users from doxing stalking harassment and profiling for the purposes of censorship .
if you would also like to protect yourself add the chrome extension tampermonkey https chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo or the firefox extension greasemonkey https addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey and add this open source script https greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite .
then simply click on your username on reddit go to the comments tab scroll down as far as possible hint use res http www.redditenhancementsuite.com and hit the new overwrite button at the top .
that 's okay i have n't lost weight for two months just maintained .
yeah seriously bearded dragons and chameleons are n't similar in any way .
i was just ... '' driving you finish in your head .
you look around again thinking that another pass with the same eyes will help you understand .
really i was just ... '' driving again but more clearly this time .
give it a second it 'll come back . ''
you lock eyes with the speaker what strange eyes you think .
you 're eyes too now '' this from another in the room .
a dark girl pale skin with a smile that could crack a soul .
you were driving home late from work you had a sleepiness on your eyes so heavy it might of well have been god 's own blanket .
your eyes dropped again but just for a second ...
you nodded off again and woke up in the air your stomach in your chest and you heart hammering away the water came at you so fast you must have said no no no no '' a million times .
i mean this does n't seem very heavenly ... ''
you knew who he was the second he spoke .
your mind feels ... fragmenting ... everything is vivid but..impossible .
other memories not your own start existing where once they did n't ... set ?
what you think your mother gave you those eyes !
hahaha '' they burst out laughing you do n't even notice who cracked the joke .
god gave you those eyes and in death they work for him sorry kid but someone has to .
i know it 's hard to believe it shocked us all well all most all ... '' turning his head towards the reaper the speaker looked..greek ?
the reaper stood such a presence rose with him that everyone turned to look not a single one casualy .
that 's as far as you ever got but you we 're missing some pieces .
not everyone gets touched but if he wants it he makes it .
you know you had special eyes and you did ones issued from the highest boss .
and in death they were activated you saw your death so you drew our lot otherwise you '' the room collectively finches with your interruption .
you notice a dog headed man take several seconds to recover but with eyes still closed and a voice inhuman never .
his eyes open red eyes of nightmare locked onto yours .
god gave you eyes so that you could serve after you died .
what they see in life attunes them dictates in what capacity you will join the divine work force but a dramatic event will do it too .
you do n't know this yet but your soul is likely ancient to have been able to even earn such eyes .
soon you 'll remember the deal you made your soul made the true you that continues between lives for those eyes .
but what ever that plan was now you see death so you work for us .
another nod but you do n't even bother looking at who .
you stare at the ceiling reeling then catch yourself and shake your head .
i do n't think this is what i wanted .
i always loved looking at ... at ... . the sun rise .
i think ... i think that was what i wanted ... in fact i ca n't ever remember missing one . ''
the bringer of the dawn my brother ... rise ... '' set with a voice on infinite age tinged with unfathomable emotions almost cracking rushes to you and embraces you fiercely .
kind of late and on my phone so might have typos .
ca n't remember who but it was definitely not vel'koz .
contact your local city national banker to apply or call us at 800 773-7100 . ''
i think it 's the cert pretty sure ppl who jailbroke when it first came out still do n't have the new update unless they got it them self
the thing is that dr korell appears to highlight issues of potential significance .
colin miller did a blog on this analysing other reports she 'd done. .
so for example she says in her reports that the body had posterior anterior or left or right side of body lividity meaning lividity across the full length of the body but where there is unusual lividity she clarifies that in other reports .
similarly dr korell only seems to highlight unusual pressure points so standard pressure points like not mentioned say in a frontal position on the breasts thighs etc .
there is no need for to write down that because the pattern is as would be expected .
however again she notes unusual pressure points hence the mention of the pressure points on each of the cheeks .
you would normally expect a pressure point on one cheek but that 's not the case here .
if dr korell does n't mention those pressure points then imo they are normal standard pressure points .
that is the view of dr hvlatty as well and i am happy to trust their opinions rather than ss 's .
now i hope my country of birth to host the olympics because usa starts with a there .
alright i wo n't be able to reply for a few hours or more soon .
this is actually going to get much worse not better .
it 's going to go well beyond just male and female as well .
the last time i played cs go i ran into one of those ...
i 'm not even sure what to call them ?
anyhow this person sounded like a man on the mic and when i referred them as he '' this individual started flipping out .
vulgarity personal insults against me and so on pursued .
a mix of me not understanding what the hell they were talking about and the screaming into the mic which would way too aggressive for even a metal concert this person identified as something that i do n't even know how to spell and not even going to try .
which i guess identifies as a completely different gender than male or female from what i could understand .
so just wait till you game with those types of people ...
i 'm pretty sure it was n't a troll either the person sounded so damn sincerely angry and could even be heard throwing things while screaming into the mic before they raged out of the game .
so get ready to be expected to psychically know someone is a galaxiamartiniscoobydoo gender or whatever lest you upset them and make them throw a violent tantrum .
also do many people really get that serious about themselves being turbomechasuperfoxhounddragons using the pronouns zkim and zkee '' ?
nobody else cares about your made-up gender do n't make people care about it by screaming so loud the mating turtles at the la zoo tell you to shut up .
dude my struggle teaches us peaceful and harmonic living with jews .
those people that kill jews are sick and twist hitler 's message from the ground up !
no one says a word as you lay down the coin and the drinks are dispensed .
it 's awkward and everyone seems afraid of you .
they all keep a large distance except the barkeep .
you get the idea that that might 've not been the craziest thing he 's seen in his tavern .
looks like the idea piss of dazed '' worked pretty well by the look of the scoreboard
i have 3/6 from this banner and wyrmfang xiii covers 4/6 realm-wise for me so i 'm not going to pull on this banner even though i had been waiting for this one for a very long time .
they put the money i sent in and marked it as if i applied for a drivers license there .
lived in connecticut so it automatically cancelled my current and legal drivers license .
i get pulled over for not having a plate of the front of my car police accused me of using a phony drivers license and would n't even let me drive home ... those were fun times..
i can tell you pretty much anything going on with the bridge construction general engineering in the area .
not sure if the average portsmouthedditer would hit subscribe on that hot topic though .
i see people parrot the rt score up and down like its a objective measure of a movie
so you just used an rt score to justify yourself but said right before you hate that people use rt to justify themselves .
jesus fucken christ man you really are stupid huh ?
and its not like every single person who saw it will go on rt to rate it .
so what 's this about rt scores meaning nothing ?
lol it only matters to you when its a higher number
yeah ... i was watching her snaps and she and tyler came off like total douche nuggets and i was so embarrassed for and ashamed of them ... and then i seen the end where they were apparently joking and thought ... hmm maaaayyybe ... .nope still douche nuggets .
entitled dickhole behavior is n't cool regardless of your mode of transportation .
thank you for your submission to r/videos however it has been removed because
your account is not yet old enough to submit content to r/videos at this time
please try again when your account is a bit older around a week while also commenting in posts to also build up some karma .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
sky golem was a excellent card but was just too slow in mech decks .
if they want to keep resources down then why would n't they use the proper api then just compress the picture afterwords .
i believe they only do it if the pitch is 96 mph .
i wont attempt to pirate it but will look for a cheap key during sales later in the year .
props to you for being a mature adult about it .
that 's the best option for those who feel so put off over the 3 days .
i kept seeing stuff on reddit like best netflix original ever ! ''
but he is still nothing more than just another capitalist .
i mean the dnc was almost completely against him .
have you ever took a few seconds to actually think about that ?
do you actually know what it means to grow up poor ?
sorry to be blunt but i 'd say you 're asking this question to the choir .
i 've been using ubuntu off and on in the past couple of years .
usually i run into problems where i can install a program i want because it 's not supported on ubuntu .
once i installed a driver with the intention to make cs go perform better but after rebooting my display was all out of whack and i could n't make out anything .
i tried to restore it the way it was before by using grub but did n't have any luck so i just reinstalled ubuntu again .
i 've also ran into plenty of issues with bluetooth connectivity even though bluetooth worked fine for me on the same pc when windows was installed on it .
incidents like these have comprised my experience with ubuntu so i just do n't use it as often as windows .
i 'll admit i 'm not very tech savvy but ubuntu has be more user friendly if it 's going to take off .
that means less dependence on using the terminal to get things done .
like other commenters have already said i have noticed the ubuntu user experience is getting better overall .
met brad pickett outside the ufc in london a few years back my initial thought was why is that guy dressed like brad pickett ?
i called over becuase he was heading over to the arena doors .
brad could i have a picture please mate '' he looked and you could tell he did n't really want to but he still did so it 's nice he still took the time even though he was with his wife etc .
it made my night and i had a bounce in my step the rest of the night and my friends could see after i was excited
i do n't think you know how drug addiction works .
he needs to create a trust not a will .
in the current case the assets would pass completely to you and you would be expected to gift '' them to people as you deem fit unless there is something else i 'm missing .
any good estate lawyer can draw up a trust to protect the assets and distribute/manage them to his liking .
much better than you and your sister getting on bad terms over this .
haha i had a hard time watching because of that .
it 's like watching a video of a guy getting crushed in the nuts .
also if this really is duncan keep up the good work man love the podcast .
i vote they have to live next to the river for two years .
some posted something like this it was white instead of red 2 weeks ago and got 40 upvotes .
someone made an assistive touch version 3 weeks ago and got 40 upvotes .
i also made a cardboard version and got 2 upvotes 3 weeks ago .
did this person post it at the correct timing during the day with the most reddit traffic ?
or did this person simply have a very good title greatest invention since slice bread '' ?
or are people on reddit just really moody at times ?
adept lgb mostly although on a few sets i use striker instead .
i occasionally whip out a hammer or sns adept and guild for those .
she should n't have to in the first place and neither should the christian and the jew as well .
exactly he is n't bad and would probably dumpster most the nerds that shit talk him on reddit he just isnt strong enough to be a top level pro player
neither smart '' guns nor transvaginal ultrasounds appease both sides . ''
they only appease the side looking to get around constitutional protections and get rid of the thing they hate guns in one case abortions in the other .
they would not appease pro-second amendment people because we know they 're a stupid idea .
and they 'd only appease anti-gun activists for a day or two as we 've seen every time the constitutional side of the aisle has given in the anti-gunners just demand more the next day .
the idea that we should give in and appease '' anti-gun activists is like saying pro-choice people should just appease '' anti-abortion activists .
there 's no stopping point they want to get rid of abortion/guns period .
give them something they 'll just start demanding more as soon as the ink 's dry .
in this circumstance no it wo n't block you from being in the next playtest but we do take no-shows into account when selecting participants to be in playtests .
always make sure to let the recruiter who invited you know if you ca n't make it as early as possible .
just send the recruiter an e-mail and let her know since i ca n't tell who you are
send me a trade offer if you are interested https steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new ? partner=3995027 token=jahoqfds
i love user created content really keep it up !
but the damage buff is just too much for the low mana cost i mean look at prot armored and a heal for 120 mana but 100 mana for two damage buffs ?
it can out damage an acclaim knight up until 42 def just really really high for the mana .
what kind of bandwidth do you think they can get out there ?
i have n't seen a single 5 stack at 1400 and up .
that was only during the deathball meta for me .
it 's safe generally to mix between opiates and benzos but please watch it with the benzos .
taking 6 with 300 mg apap each is not healthy at all for the liver
i know they 're talking about the 2nd omnic crisis in russia but i do n't remember anything about the alive incident ... .and did n't alive come out after recall ?
it works without the first slash now like r/nottheonion the only problem was the capital r .
casual players do n't like playing against removal or steal effects .
fool 's bane violet illusionist in a class that has brawl and shittons of removal .
i played against control warrior as a n'zoth rogue have n't felt so hopeless in quite a while .
i would n't know how to respond to that lol .
besides the fact that i 'm a guy but that seems kind of idk .
you should have at least faked being nice for 90 days
well thank you for your answer even though your pessimism and negative attitude is very unhelpful .
have you checked out the chicken scheme compiler https www.call-cc.org ?
it compiles scheme to either generated c code or an executable .
i know he 's working hard and i 'm the one who encouraged him to join these clubs and take a more active role .
unfortunately he 's just really bad at the balancing act of taking care of school/clubs and also spending time with his family and playing with his daughter .
i agree the man up and be a father '' line is overused and really not helpful in this situation .
the only issue i can see is we just do n't know enough about him yet combat skills haki possible df but once we do that 'd be awesome !
i 've only opened 2 since the summer games event started and i got the same spray twice .
are you seriously trying to say you do n't suck yourself off while looking at a porn magazine resting on your tusks ?
it depends how aerated and moist your soil is i think .
i have never done it but on the back of a packet of spearmint seeds i once bought it said that you can plant it in a pot to limit how much it spreads .
i 'd assume that it would work the same way with the bean plant .
nope there is a herbalist near oxenfurt on the other side of the river who sells the same stuff then there is at least another one in novigrad there is the pellar in velen and gremist in skellige
i 've got a tank from him for 400 lol
because of his political outsider '' status he is held to a much lower standard than hillary even though they are both running for the highest office in the land .
yeah shortly after the game came out they mentioned a sp dlc that would feature the original cast was coming but that was the last we heard of it .
i 'm sure this is extremely difficult for you but know that the whole reddit hockey community is pulling for you .
you can beat this thing man we know you can .
much love from a flyers fan get well soon pal !
feelsbadman i will use my 300 points on the classic skin
because he comes a bit too out of left field and his power is n't nearly esoteric enough for a jojo main villain .
i 'd say alberta is more like canada 's texas its chief exports are beef oil and rednecks .
your post has been removed due to the following reasons
ruleset 3 https www.reddit.com/r/windows10/wiki/rules wiki_3._behavior posts containing cursing within the title or a frequency that is deemed more than reasonable will be removed .
if you think this action was done in error please contact the moderators here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fwindows10 subject message
you are not dead as you go north south east west up down any direction you want because your speed relative to the iss '' is 0 .
tks u so much for the translation d you 're truly hero
the album but i 'd be happy if he just came back on stream
thank you 3 i get really lonely when my boyfriend is at work because my parents do n't let me work right now so i get kinda depressed since i 'm so lonely but it 's great when my friends are available to talk to .
i got a sheriff badge one time in a packet of corn flakes .
you will have to keep yourself on your goal of catching them all yourself and not trading for them .
they say those areas have every pokemon in game aside from region exclusives .
so those guys do n't really need trading or to travel for that matter .
just got ta make your own goal and stick to it .
even if it means ignoring trading as a feature .
i 've been reading rock paper shotgun for years it 's very british so cynical sarcastic and irreverent but also very balanced they do a lot of indie game reviews and do n't give a list games good reviews just because .
the community is also very similar to this sub in that it is considered and articulate and interested in genuine debate .
only problem is they only do pc games and i 've never found anywhere as good for my xbox !
did we not just loan exactly that guy to burnley ?
fucking supply can go fuck itself for putting the biggest morons in hazmat .
oh come on how much tax dollars could it possibly have cost to make a few hundred outfits .
1 mana 2/4 battlecry deal 3 damage to this minion .
call pm https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=hearthscan-bot me with up to 7 cardname pm info
i have a soft spot for the mentally handicapped my oldest brother is and i feel the same way .
its a normal response to something you dont feel comfortable but not threatened by .
dont feel bad for not wanting to hold a conversation that is largely one sided .
if you do n't know the person it is n't rude to just agree with what they are saying until you can find a polite ish way to excuse yourself from continuing .
i think boynton starts when you get south of le chalet .
lake charleston neighborhood is mostly a lake worth zip code
the reason so many american boys are circumcised and the whole reason circumcision caught on in the first place in the united states was due to the beliefs on john harvey kellogg .
kellogg proposed circumcision as a way to decrease pleasure from masturbation because he thought that sort of pleasure was bad and sinful '' and all of that .
this all happened around the start of the 20th century .
i like having speed for escaping and changing my angle of attack faster since ranger bullets tend to get blocked a lot .
i 've heard people say that priest should n't get early game because of the hero power .
are we forgetting that the hero power costs two ?
if you 're using it that early then you are n't going to be doing anything else that turn which i feel balances out
very cool got any info on the source or camera used ?
owen has recently married lady lyra oakheart in a ceremony attended by many of the great lords and ladies of the westerlands reach and beyond .
he as such had to interact with many in an appropriate and proper manner .
you ca n't blame the streamers for what their chat does .
if they let people get away with that stuff in their channel it should be no surprise they do it in other channels .
triangle as a hot key to refill armour or multitool and that will make menu life so much easier..
which is probably why they 've had a fairly straightforward policy until now
thanks if we 're going to do ldr it would last a year until next summer when we end up at uni or break it off then because if we 're not anywhere close to eachother your point is very true and it will be a waste of time
critics hate them and non-critics here on reddit and elsewhere talk and talk about hating it and how bad michael bay is and how it 's the butt of every joke ... yet they still make a shit-load of money and they keep making them because someone is going to see them .
i was sort of hoping for some battle pass levels included with the treasures personally
additionally trump has made islamophobia more acceptable in the united states and has created a far more hostile environment for american-muslims than would have otherwise existed .
is that a theory or do you have evidence for that ?
and muslim immigration makes anti-semitism homophobia and oppression of women more acceptable
hell yeah and knowing terry is n't going to be around too much because he 's a workaholic i 'll be allocating all the funds and making overseas trips for furnishings .
of course most of it would come from the us but trust and believe i 'll be in asia in europe to get stuff straight from the source henny .
the reason i figured rustic would be good is all for terry .
still he better get his pocket book ready because while i 'll be doing a collab with him on the house i 'm also going to purchase my own colonial bungalow that will be all mine .
then after our imminent divorce i 'll take the bungalow and use it as a rental get some child support checks and build my own big colonial house with a young guy that is only used for sex .
nah they are way too long i would rather have 0 second episodes .
i ca n't believe that you completely changed your comment to alter the entire intention of your reply .
i have no desire to further our discussion '' .
deleting this chain tomorrow so more shit like this does n't happen .
i know some of his methodology was disagreed upon but i thought his conclusions were pretty consensual .
when are people going to realise going to wake up and realise that yu the great was an evil goa'uld system lord ?
and that 's exactly why i will buy bf1 for that ww1 feeling and titanfall 2 for that fast-paced mp
do you change to engi when you man a vehicle or stay as heavy ?
thanks i 'll keep playing with my thumb and practice more than i already do with other fingers it just feels awkward and i feel like i make less progression .
i guess it 's slower but in the end you can play faster for some pieces .
that 's because they did n't spent it on the leave campaign
it 's better to upgrade to an i5 6500 .
when i was in the army many many years ago a friend bought some pipe tobacco by mistake thinking it was ciggie tobacco .
i thought he was going to die right there in the naafi .
your submission has been automatically removed because it triggered some filters since you are fairly new .
this is nothing to worry about if your post follows the r/history rules we can approve it for you once you message us .
here are some often made mistakes you can check on before messaging us
have you included a submission statement in the form of a comment ?
please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/history subject=messaging regarding the removal of this submission by u/abu_bh_hashim message submission https www.reddit.com/r/history/comments/4wey8n/fus_kfz_versicherungen if you believe your post follows the rules so we can review your submission .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/history if you have any questions or concerns .
very few people who torrent are driven by a genuine wish to change copyright laws .
people just want free shit and that 's the only incentive .
also anyone have anywhere i can pick up rep or inexpensive decks online ?
if she 's his secretary of state he gets to right ?
i 'm from louisiana and with the oil bust no shop is hiring .
and if i chose to work in a shop it would have to be full time as a laborer basically sweeping .
edit i could put in a cover letter that this experience especially at the plant has definitely prepared me for large volumes of work and honed my skills to focus and complete my job in a timely and practical manner .
what happens when i 'm in there having a drink with my mrs she goes to the toilet we socialise we have fun .
but the whole time the baby sitter is trying to get in touch with us because something has happened .
no thanks i 'll think i 'll pass pubs/cocktail bars should n't need a niche to be a decent pub/cocktail bar good drinks good food and good music and they will attract people that think your food music and drinks are good .
if you attract no one no one thinks that so perhaps a change in career might be
and the irony of him actually isolating the isolated generation hmmmmm .
this is related to my previous questions but ... does anyone write code like this ?
... and then trying to get on the ferry back to bremerton .
the fact is johnson is running solely to divide the anti-hillary vote .
in the debates i have no doubt that he 'd tag team as a junior partner with hillary to take down trump .
think house of cards s3 with that chief whip being underwood 's fall guy on the primary debates
in other words you 'd have two hillaries on stage .
i found this pre-pokevision which i barely used anyway by keeping a mental note of the locations of evo or rare spawns .
there are places around my suburb that almost always yield what i 'm looking for .
i think it would be much much harder to do in a city though .
im sure sean would rather avoid a lawsuit and delay the game by 3 days everyone complaining about the pc delay needs to chill out its not the end of the world
that sounds like my build when i was 8 lol
see i love the idea and look of dead metal but i always thought the damage it did was disappointing usually just cosmetic .
what would you think of a dead metal weapons upgrade ?
could be my firewall being a bit sensitive but i 'll upload it to github shortly .
crow 's claw 's version is the hest but it 's never been used in any fate media
dune sea exchange is frustrating to play i feel like every match i 've played there has been chaos .
if pre-load is a thing for nms hope to god it is with my stone age internet then all you need is a way to charge and you can play offline on the plane !
id suggest a controller with the lack of space but i 'm sure you 've already thought of that hopefully that 's a possibility .
per rule 3.3 https www.reddit.com/r/books/wiki/rules please post book recommendation requests in r/suggestmeabook or in our weekly recommendation thread .
by blank do you mean it looks like it has a grey filter over the ah window ?
nice what in particular do u look for then so it 's suitable for tall people
difficult to be so bad/mediocre but manage to stay in the league so long .
i hope your rattata ends up being in the top percentile of all rattata ever !
it 's because of how much of a shitstorm china would kick up .
it 's also why there are n't any us bases there .
chinese relations going to shit is n't worth taiwan .
and at any rate japan is close enough for the carriers and major bases to move troops rapidly anyway .
fake insofar as scripted storylines and choreographed fights but that does n't mean they 're not athletes with real risk of severe injury .
i agree everyone gets all the muskets they can use !
i simply wish that gun advocates would recognize the founders never imagined anti-aircraft weaponry you know ... since airplanes did n't exist in the 1780s ... grenade launchers machine guns etc .
do n't pretend that was the kind of arms '' they envisioned .
a country armed to the teeth with guns was not likely what they envisioned guns are suppose to be for defense not offense .
i support a strong 2nd amendment but not in a way that overrides the 1st if i feel like you 're using your weapons to quell disagreements and stop debates you have gone beyond the scope of the 2nd .
i do n't play either games anymore i do n't really care .
turn around the genders and nobody would even question it .
a male server would never put a hand on a female customer 's leg and insinuate things .
down to 14 health only the knife and the grins on their faces ... .
this is exactly what a superhero film should be .
consequence tone atmosphere and a layered narrative structure that rewards those who pay attention .
the light is not so good in the second pic .
i 'd rather act like an 8 year old than act like i am old and dead already . ''
i ca n't pretend i followed all of this but i followed it a little better when i realised that the author is using tan^-1 to mean cot**angent rather than arctangent .
we have unit committees and we were all required to join one and it goes on our schedule .
the ones we have are patient safety patient satisfaction education and a retention committee .
i 'm on the education one and we had to make short term and long term goals .
like setting up an education corner that has up to date info and all the packets that we have to give out on chf copd and diabetes .
our long term goals are getting cnas to be certified as cna ii researching rn to bsn programs for our adn nurses and also certifications like pccn .
every shift change we have a safety huddle going over issues and new policies or education that we have to do .
for your unit i would definitely implement a retention committee .
ours puts together lunches or paint nights ... we 're also forming a team for a mud run .
they also made a little employee compliment box and at the end of the month an email goes out to the unit with all the compliments .
yeah looks like three is the one that best suits £20 a month with 30gb and tethering allowed even abroad .
for making calls from uk mobile to irish mobile it seems the best option is to use a third party prefix .
for example the tesco international card makes a call around 4p a minute vs the 20p in paying with tesco at present .
ill have a deeper search and im sure ill get cheaper than that .
so a 100 iv pokemon will have a higher cp cap then the same pokemon with a 40 iv .
my first thought too but the post is marked no spoilers
the tsv for the cart that bred that pokemon is 1770 .
initial disclaimer i do n't have any privileged information .
mishandling '' assumes and assigns blame it 's absolutely something that you should care about the reasons behind things .
'from my perspective ... they are mishandling it ' is exactly that an assumption a subjective external view .
you can say it looks like a mess and that 's entirely valid because that 's how it looks to you .
the fact that hg is n't the only one with a say in the matter means that things that come up are n't purely a result of their decisions or wishes .
sony could very well say to them 'push back the release but do n't announce it until ' and there might be nothing hg could do but nod and agree .
there was also at least one legal issue that was n't made public while it was happening software company with a trademark on 'sky ' trying to keep nms from using that name all of these matters definitely affect how you handle a situation and 'mishandling ' absolutely depends on these and other factors .
the refs are getting carried away here so many penalties already
but for this to work must i activate my license online then ?
or is that step only mandatory if you have the windows 10 key ?
2am for me . . ... so technically true .
then you have to call ms if you have the real key .
it 's not oem i upgraded it from my genuine win8 key .
did you buy the key or did it come with something .
the holden rodeo is the same thing as the isuzu rodeo here in the us .
if you need a new flywheel you might need to replace that or resurface it .
if you need a new one it 's about 100
you probably do n't need it but it 'd a good idea to make sure the slave and master cylinders are both working correctly and the lines are up to snuff .
make sure your rear main seal is n't leaking and replace it while there if need be .
figure 1 hour of diagnosis standard 2-4 hours of work .
i 'm glad that the situation ultimately worked itself out albeit the negatives you faces on top of your health issues .
until i read this thread i did n't have the socio/emotional/relationship understanding or maybe more aptly put awareness as i have never experienced any of this first hand so i would never be audacious enough to presume even 5 of understanding .
granted i 've known people in my life who 've had cancer .
i 've had a few peers albeit never an extremely close friend or partner .
in school we had to study about this specific demographic to understand '' them as it was our business '' to do so funeral director so literally so albeit from text book sterility to what i 've spent my night reading were two completely different experiences and goes back to the one complaint i always had regarding my education and residency there was little humanity in it .
it was truly warped into a business and applauded as a success that way .
i hope to be able to fill his space one day as i know that is what he would 've wanted .
he just loved every dog he met in his short life .
so does god make only pretty things or is cancer and/or flesh-eating parasites part of the list ? ''
hate enzo and cass just find their promos cheesy and their in ring work extremely boring
love alberto del rio i just think he 's a great heel and i love the insuguri he does
not only super packed and strong but also incredibly fast .
it 's in anaheim so make a sign relating to disneyland .
my idea is to take the smiley face for mankind then put yellow mickey ears on it to resemble the disney logo .
maybe even have the quote have a nice day ''
unpaid internships are so pro elitism and anti meritocracy it makes my blood boil .
this is a great victory by secular forces against islamist forces in syria .
even more sweet when considering that it is the not only secular but also democratic and federalist syrian democratic forces sdf who can celebrate this victory .
for them for the people in syria and for all humanity .
both been in the prem both hold the record for most amount of prem goals scored in a season 31 i believe ?
both have been in la liga have had insane seasons ronaldo has had 6 seasons of 50 and multiple coaches and teammates therefore different systems ronaldo is portugal 's top scorer and has won the euros with them suarez is uruguay 's best player .
you ca n't say that suarez can thrive under any system and ronaldo ca n't .
what 's this system that ronaldo ca n't thrive under ?
i heard the recent times were a bit rough for henry ... http youtu.be/cmc62eg82e8
i think caliban was better than many of its time at least it had speed an active weapon and zero turning circle
i think he was born in 1987 so he 's probably 29 .
about the og blames not like i agree with soaz and amazing but i can see why people blame then .
the 2 games they lost was n't his fault at all everyone else was just as guilty '' .
actually i think he deserves mvp as well he did at least as much good than hybrid .
if that is so heart warning why doesnt it work when i try it ?
harry potter and the unlocked knowledge http www\.fanfiction\.net/s/4003405/1 by kmfrank https www\.fanfiction\.net/u/1351530/kmfrank
when harry returns home to privet drive after the fiasco at the department of mysteries he finds that voldemort 's possession released the horcrux inside of him .
in addition to the companionship of tom '' harry has his knowledge and must learn to use it
site fanfiction.net 140184597116296 site category harry potter rated fiction t chapters 15 words 168,125 reviews 1,217 favs 3,263 follows 3,680 updated 2/20/2013 published 1/10/2008 id 4003405 language english genre adventure/humor download epub 140184597116296 epub or mobi 140184597116296 mobi
new in this version slim recommendations using ffnbot ! slim !
logically speaking muslims should have a right to make that decisions .
it becomes especially difficult when you have scholars claim that any reformation is innovation and there can be no innovation in islam .
its the same deal with all moe blob but closet pedophiles can watch it calling themselves anime fans ''
i 've noticed horrible teeth a lot in europe it 's remarkable that people even with money do n't do some invisalign or something .
perhaps if you listened to some of them rather than the loud mouthed idiots you may learn some things .
the level of debate has dropped to a disappointing low in this country you have to identify as something and then you are branded similar to how a racist or a sexist brands people .
i challenge you to ask some people why and listen !
no judgement no preconceived opinions just listen to what they have to say .
we are all people and we cant continue on if the establishment keeps demonizing opposing ideas .
free speech is they key to our future here !
sure conor ran full speed towards mendes just to be able to touch gloves as soon as possible .
its kind of crazy to think about all the possibilities .
this is an automatic summary original http www.usatoday.com/story/life/books/2016/08/03/winnie pooh-returns-less-tattered-enchant-more-kids/87999522 reduced by 67 .
winnie-the-pooh one of kiddie-lit 039 s most charming and reassuring characters has returned to the new york public library where he has resided with some of his famous pals since 1987 after a much-needed break for conservation .
as anyone who has been a 5-year-old in the last century knows pooh and the gang are the unforgettable characters of milne 039 s books of children 039 s stories and poems published in the 1920s and based on the toys milne gave his son christopher robin .
the library says kids have been busy making him birthday cards online and in the children 039 s room to celebrate the occasion .
the repairs included neck alignment clavicle repair snout adjustments protective mesh and butt steaming and fluffing all of which helped restore the dolls to quot their original selves quot according to evelyn frangakis assistant director of preservation for the library .
inman said they 039 ve been returned to a state close to how they appeared when they were still in the possession of the milne family .
the toys were donated to the library by milne 039 s publisher e.p .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.usatoday.com/story/life/books/2016/08/03/winnie pooh-returns-less-tattered-enchant-more-kids/87999522 faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 74610 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords library 1 milne 2 bear 3 pooh 4 back 5
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
i found this link to build bullhead trap http www.catfish1.com/forums/showthread.php ? 38891-a-bream-trap-you-can-build-yourself .
my question is does any body have or built or know of a trap that can catch at least 6 to 8 inch bullheads ?
so i thought i 'd let you all know that the visual novel i 've been working on now has a demo release and is also on kickstarter .
sick dreams is a scrolling shooter that follows the lucid dreams of someone struggling to cope with an undiagnosed condition .
taking inspiration from the team 's experiences with anxiety and depression secret cards is proud to present their first commercial project sick dreams .
sick dreams follows the story of a young individual as they describe their dreams and reflect on their waking life .
in their dreams they struggle with the difficulties they face in life not yet knowing that they have an undiagnosed condition .
the gameplay is a shoot 'em up style bullet hell with visual novel aspects to tell the narrative .
the player must guide the protagonist through their dreams allowing the protagonist to come to terms with reality .
the gameplay is a shoot 'em up styled bullet hell with visual novel aspects to tell the narrative .
the player must guide the protagonist through their dreams allowing the protagonist to come to terms with reality .
upgrades can be bought with lucidity as the player progresses .
we 'd love to hear what you have to say about the project .
i 've been using the karat sonicor and i 'm looking for idea on what to transition too .
hey guys i am a 22 year old male looking for a wingmen in columbus oh .
i am foreign and can crack foreign jokes that sometimes make people laugh and sometimes give me death stares .
not to sound sexist just a general question of the show will we ever see a gems that take on a male appearance ever ?
at this point most of the gems have the same build when it comes to certain gems and other forms of rocks .
what would be the chance of there being gems that take on a male appearance ?
hi friends i 'm having an outdoor wedding at a ranch and am totally stumped about how to deal with glasses .
we 're having a caterer but they 're only dealing with food not rentals .
my original idea was to give everyone a labeled mason jar to hang onto for the night but i think realistically people will be leaving them everywhere and since we 're out at a ranch there 's no one to wash them and bring them out again .
i 've heard that a rule of thumb for rentals is 4-5 glasses per person for a drinking crowd which we are .
but that 's going to be 1000 glasses ... which seems crazy especially since we have a two day wedding and would need to do that twice .
any other outdoor wedding brides or grooms out there that have this figured out ?
edit after the last nest switch these two spawn points no longer spawn magikarp .
the caved-in road on saskatchewan crescent and 16th street .
north end of the pothole near the fence and concrete barriers appears between the road and the river .
the spawn is on the 23rd minute of the hour .
near the halfway point of the sunken walkway on the river-side of the road .
i will post images of the spawn locations soon .
trying to narrow down the hours they spawn could be random though .
if you go by there please let us know what time and whether magikarp appeared .
the exact hour and spawn location checked would be most helpful and appreciated .
i killed 36 corporeal beasts all visions of supernatural horror .
i do n't want to burden anyone i know with any unorganized rant so i guess this is the place to do so .
whenever i 'm near anyone i 'm either scared out of my fucking mind or riding off the high of thinking others actually care about me which causes me to not care what i say .
i 'm so tired of being terrified of trusting others and being so misanthropic .
i want to tell others but i just ca n't .
i 'm tired of either acting erratic and energetic or detached .
i 'm so tired of forcing myself to look positive .
i am in copenhagen from today till next wednesday on a business trip .
how easy or difficult is to commute every day ?
i need to buy an iron box to press my clothes .
any idea on where the heck can i buy one today ?
i have 350 hours played 330 of which were all legacy '' .
these last couple weeks 20 ish hours have finally felt like rust again .
experimental was up and down and i 'm glad its now sorted for the most part .
personally i dont like the xp system but it seems to function well enough .
i prefer the research ability all in all im back to being addicted to rust after almost a 3 year hiatus .
has anyone heard of a susbluxation correcting itself without help from chiropractor ?
i have been seeing a lot of videos about results from gonstead style adjustments but what did people do before chiropractic adjustments like thise that deal with these issues in the body ?
i was thinking perhaps dancing could possibly correct subluxations you never know .
i mean dancing can have a lot of motions and stuff that could set different joints in to proper positions just a wild guess .
well i hope for the next elder scrolls game it takes place in either of these 5 locations .
this will listed in my least preferable to my most
this is an automatic summary original http www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-36985861 reduced by 81 .
quot merkel on the ropes ! quot screeched one headline after the recent attacks in germany before going on to predict confidently that her quot premiership is hanging by a thread quot .
almost 70 of germans do not think that merkel 039 s refugee policy contributed to the attacks and the violence has barely had any effect on support for her centre-right party making it unlikely that anyone else will lead the next government let alone topple the present one .
she has no credible rivals the left-wing opposition is small and the anti-migrant alternative for germany party is riven with internal rivalries .
in times of turmoil history shows that the unflappable angela merkel actually does quite well .
with parliamentary elections next year merkel faces pressure from all her rivals from the left and from the right .
no leading politician suggests that germany should stop accepting refugees fleeing war and some of the pressure on merkel comes from left-wing critics who say she 039 s not doing enough to help migrants .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-36985861 faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 74609 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords merkel 1 attack 2 germany 3 refugee 4 lead 5
post found in r/europe http np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4wjgbm/is_angela_merkel_really_on_the_ropes_bbc_news and r/besteurope http np.reddit.com/r/besteurope/comments/4wjgym/is_angela_merkel_really_on_the_ropes_bbc_news .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
my '96 petrol automatic vx came back from the mechanic yesterday after having the front diff replaced and a hole patched on the radiator .
went for a drive this morning and we have a new noise .
can only hear it when going 50km/h or more but only when my foot is very gently on the accelerator .
as soon as i take my foot off the whirring stops as soon as i 'engage ' it lightly it starts again .
how long was the queue wait to finally get your child enrolled ?
i 've played league of legends for about 2 1/2 years now .
i recently downloaded paragon because i have heard a lot of praise and recommendations towards it .
i played my first game and was pretty frustrated at how little i understood the game .
kept playing for a couple days but to no luck .
is there anyone who can try to help by explaining the game in league of legends like terms ?
i would greatly appreciate it as i would love to get into this game
in the movie the good the bad and the weird there is a quote spoken by park do-won that always stuck with me .
while talking to yoon tae-goo he says this map ...
but if it 's for real and someone asks what my dream is ...
any ideas on what this could mean or am i reading too much into it ?
i have a band 2 paired with my lumia 950 .
i had imagined i could control music from the band but never understood how and just accepted it just did n't work .
today i was rubbing the band to remove some sweaty gunk and when i looked at it again the music controls were on the screen .
i tried to replicate what i had done but no dice .
do note that the first second and last posts have more cards associated that are linked in their description .
it 's been very busy over at r/customhearthstone today and an awful lot of priest cards .
i still welcome people to come check out the subreddit but do try to keep it respectful and civil as well as help out in reporting any posts that break rules .
there were some amazing designs posted this week though nonetheless and why not also check out our ongoing tournament ? https www.reddit.com/r/customhearthstone/comments/4wf9el/quest_for_the_golden_designer_round_6_voting .
contestants were tasked this round in designing part of a boss fight for karazhan so come see how they approached the theme and what may come for us soon .
does overwatch have setting presets that you can use based on pc being used ?
i play on two different pcs and have to modify things such as mouse sensitivity and screen contrast whenever i switch .
in the early 2000 's or the late 90 's my family was stationed in lakenheath air force base in england .
while we were there the gundam wing episodes were coming out in vhs platforms and my dad bought me the first few vhss .
we moved back to the states in august of '03 and shortly before then we sold the gw tapes in a yard sale .
there was a trailer on one of the tapes for an anime about an evil swordsman vaughn '' or a legendary swordsman vaughn '' or something i may be way off .
the details are wayyyyy fuzzy i was a little kid at the time .
does anyone happen to know what anime that was ?
for whatever reason i was thinkin ' about it today and would love to try and watch it but my google search-fu is coming up with a whole lotta nothin ' .
anja https www.reddit.com/r/supersrp/comments/4wjq1m/anja_knight_perun_iv_the_emperor heads down the street quietly balled fists in an old hoodie as the unusual summer warmth does n't seem to bother her .
she looks every bit just like the other people out on the platinum streets even a little scruffier you pick up that look living in the yard it makes the centre city folk a little anxious .
humming along to the song https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=7xf-lesrkuc currently flowing through cracked headphones she finds herself lost in memories in a moment but not lost enough to not notice someone following her with a camera one glare more than enough to send him running .
today 's a big day for anja and she 's certainly not going to let some douche with a camera ruin it .
she heads into a park and wanders for a little while before she finds shelter under a shady tree with a fistful of sad looking flowers she picked along the way and an apple she fished out from a pocket .
i checked riot 's hextech crafting guide https support.riotgames.com/hc/en-us/articles/207884233-hextech-crafting-guide and launching hextech loot http na.leagueoflegends.com/en/site/2016-season-update/champion-mastery.html but there is nothing about it .
can i earn key fragments level 5 6/7 mastery and hextech chests on rented champions ?
can i play ranked with rented champions and can i start playing ranked if i only have 15 champs and 1 rented
i hope some of you know/have tried it and can help me thanks .
as the title said im selling my very special awp it has a very good float .
the float is as i mentioned 0,16 and that 's one of the twenties best floats in the world today and it also has a crown foil on the scope
the price i want is 173keys so c/o 155keys do n't have proof of it but im not interested in any less b/o 173keys reason why im quickselling this awp is mainly cause im buying a new car tomorrow so i have to cash out !
skins would work to but for a overpay of 173keys then .
gl and happy trading folks http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198036506900 https steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new ? partner=76241172 token=6ytmqvzh
jon dany and tyrionn being the 3 dragonheads and all being from a targaryaen bloodline .
in season 2 there 's dialogue between arya and tywinn about the fall of harrenhall .
they talk about aegon targaryaen riding on dragons and killing everyone in harrenhall to become king then arya states that it was n't just aegon on the dragons but his two siblings as well .
i have n't seen anyone else talk about this scene .
also something else i 've never heard is the mention of a valyrean steel sword called darksister wielded by a targarayen im it sure if that point is important but have never heard anyone mention it .
start with technology technology 2 tech .5 and robo-baby .
choice of starting with doctor 's remote teleport or teleport 2.0 .
choice of starting with aaa battery broken remote cartridge stud finder or watch battery .
do not take aaa battery if you are starting with doctor 's remote .
do not pick up any items that would override your tech this includes ludovico missing no. and tech x even though they are tech items .
do not change your starting trinket unless it is another one of the tech trinkets .
do not reroll in any way whether it be with an item or a dice room .
you may buy consumables from the shop red hearts soul hearts bombs keys etc .
as well as collect health from any chests or tinted rocks .
for extra challenge give yourself both key piece 1 and key piece 2 and do not pick up any items that are not technology related items that are only stat upgrades are up to you does not include pills cards or runes .
inspired from the original computer savvy challenge which was the first one i beat and still one of my favorites .
though it was extremely fun i found it to be a bit too easy considering you started with so much tech and homing shots and only had to clear the mom fight even boss rush was easy .
this is designed to incorporate more tech while providing extra challenge and still being fun .
i have a sex fantasy i want to discuss to see if it is plausible .
i 'm looking for a group or people play with idc what server as long as its active and i 'd kinda like pvp but its not needed also i 'd like it to be on na servers not eu
this is a weekly curated listing of kickstarter tabletop games projects that are either
ending in the next 7 days starting tomorrow and have at least a fighting chance of being funded .
all board game projects meeting those criteria will automatically be included no need to ask .
but the occasional non-board game project may also sneak in !
expect new lists each sunday sometime between 12:00am and 12:00pm pst .
askrias https www.kickstarter.com/projects/240962318/askrias ? ref=kicktraq an adventure game for 1 or more players in the fantasy world of askrias with unique gear combat system that uses modular dice .
has currently earned 5,779 of 3,500 165 funded|56 103 nzd|08-08 kicktraq http www.kicktraq.com/projects/240962318/askrias
casual game insider tabletop gaming magazine 5th year https www.kickstarter.com/projects/stratusgames/casual-game-insider-tabletop-gaming-magazine-5th-y ? ref=kicktraq the world 's premier guide to casual tabletop gaming with professional design and great content .
has currently earned 34,964 of 30,000 116 funded|365 96|08-08 kicktraq http www.kicktraq.com/projects/stratusgames/casual-game-insider-tabletop-gaming-magazine-5th-y
cantankerous cats https www.kickstarter.com/projects/1846846656/cantankerous-cats ? ref=kicktraq a ferocious feline card game filled with cunning mischief and schadenfreude !
has currently earned 20,150 of 15,000 134 funded|464 43|08-09 kicktraq http www.kicktraq.com/projects/1846846656/cantankerous-cats first
axolote 3d printable tiles and scenery https www.kickstarter.com/projects/1365144247/axolote-3d-printable-tiles-and-scenery ? ref=kicktraq enhance every session of your game with 3d printed tiles and scenery for both rpg and wargames .
has currently earned 4,145 of 500 828 funded|165 25|08-09 kicktraq http www.kicktraq.com/projects/1365144247/axolote-3d-printable-tiles-and-scenery bling
dwarves in trouble https www.kickstarter.com/projects/hexgames/dwarves-in-trouble ? ref=kicktraq dynamic fun party game full of negative interaction .
run away from a furious dragon or die tryin .
has currently earned 63,089 of 7,000 901 funded|1416 45|08-09 kicktraq http www.kicktraq.com/projects/hexgames/dwarves-in-trouble first
outbreak survivor miniatures https www.kickstarter.com/projects/2047688210/outbreak-survivor-miniatures ? ref=kicktraq we are offering 10 x 28mm survivor miniatures for skirmish outbreak .
these miniatures will add character to any zombie game .
has currently earned 10,894 of 8,900 122 funded|166 66|08-09 kicktraq http www.kicktraq.com/projects/2047688210/outbreak-survivor-miniatures minis
dragon draft https www.kickstarter.com/projects/1664474840/dragon-draft ? ref=kicktraq a trick-taking draft your hand card game .
team up to earn the most gems and reign victorious .
has currently earned 3,665 of 4,000 91 funded|118 31|08-09 kicktraq http www.kicktraq.com/projects/1664474840/dragon-draft first
coldwater crown a strategic fishing game https www.kickstarter.com/projects/1839615594/coldwater-crown-a-strategic-fishing-game ? ref=kicktraq cast your line and reel in the big one in this fresh and fun worker placement '' board game for 1-4 players .
has currently earned 10,684 of 12,500 85 funded|233 46|08-09 kicktraq http www.kicktraq.com/projects/1839615594/coldwater-crown-a-strategic-fishing-game
evil dead 2 the official board game https www.kickstarter.com/projects/evildead2/evil-dead-2-the-official-board-game ? ref=kicktraq evil dead 2 the official board game is a tile and miniature based survival horror game for 2-6 players based on the classic movie .
has currently earned 554,892 of 70,000 792 funded|5258 106|08-10 kicktraq http www.kicktraq.com/projects/evildead2/evil-dead-2-the-official-board-game sub thread https www.reddit.com/r/boardgames/comments/4s8m1e/answers_from_the_evil_dead_2_kickstarter_qa ? ref=search_posts
https www.kickstarter.com/projects/2115086518/giga-robo ? ref=kicktraq giga-robo is the card-driven miniatures game of anime giant robot combat where 2-4 players duel across a fully destructible 3d city .
has currently earned 62,593 of 45,000 139 funded|726 86|08-10 kicktraq http www.kicktraq.com/projects/2115086518/giga-robo first
galactic debate https www.kickstarter.com/projects/roadtoinfamy/galactic-debate ? ref=kicktraq a sci-fi party game where players debate ridiculous issues plaguing the universe to win votes and become president of the galaxy .
has currently earned 12,063 of 6,000 201 funded|377 32|08-10 kicktraq http www.kicktraq.com/projects/roadtoinfamy/galactic-debate
collectors and capers https www.kickstarter.com/projects/blueherongames/collectors-and-capers ? ref=kicktraq take the museum 's treasures for your own personal collections !
bluff your friends call them out make off with the goods !
has currently earned 7,311 of 7,000 104 funded|170 43|08-11 kicktraq http www.kicktraq.com/projects/blueherongames/collectors-and-capers first
coriolis a sci-fi rpg from the makers of mutant year zero https www.kickstarter.com/projects/1192053011/coriolis-a-sci-fi-rpg-from-the-makers-of-mutant-ye ? ref=kicktraq firefly meets arabian nights in this unique sci-fi rpg .
crew a starship and explore the ancient mysteries of the third horizon !
has currently earned kr820,969 of kr50,000 1641 funded|1325|kr620 sek|08-11 kicktraq http www.kicktraq.com/projects/1192053011/coriolis-a-sci-fi-rpg-from-the-makers-of-mutant-ye rpg
heist to paradise the dice game where crime pays !
https www.kickstarter.com/projects/lamplinkgames/heist-to-paradise-the-dice-game-where-crime-pays ? ref=kicktraq play the role of a criminal and race to claim big paydays while evading police then escape to paradise once you 've stolen 1 million !
has currently earned 6,313 of 7,400 85 funded|130 49|08-11 kicktraq http www.kicktraq.com/projects/lamplinkgames/heist-to-paradise-the-dice-game-where-crime-pays first
battle of britain https www.kickstarter.com/projects/1992455033/battle-of-britain ? ref=kicktraq a remastered and upgraded version of the old much loved tsr classic battle of britain by richard borg has currently earned £70,624 of £15,000 470 funded|894|£79|08-11 kicktraq http www.kicktraq.com/projects/1992455033/battle-of-britain
near and far storytelling board game https www.kickstarter.com/projects/953146955/near-and-far-storytelling-board-game ? ref=kicktraq journey through a book of maps filled with amazing adventure in this storytelling sequel to above and below .
has currently earned 397,580 of 25,000 1590 funded|5541 72|08-11 kicktraq http www.kicktraq.com/projects/953146955/near-and-far-storytelling-board-game ama https www.reddit.com/r/boardgames/comments/4v0ufc/im_ryan_laukat_creator_of_above_and_below ? ref=search_posts
builders of blankenburg cutthroat https www.kickstarter.com/projects/948466937/builders-of-blankenburg-cutthroat ? ref=kicktraq the game of bidding and building just got personal .
cutthroat adds direct player vs. player cards along with more visitors and events .
has currently earned 3,137 of 1,200 261 funded|113 28|08-11 kicktraq http www.kicktraq.com/projects/948466937/builders-of-blankenburg-cutthroat expansion bgg page https www.boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/174990/builders-blankenburg
virus an infectious card game https www.kickstarter.com/projects/geniusgames/virus-an-infectious-card-game ? ref=kicktraq an addictively quick and simple card game where you play as a virus competing to infect a host cell .
has currently earned 17,206 of 6,000 286 funded|820 21|08-12 kicktraq http www.kicktraq.com/projects/geniusgames/virus-an-infectious-card-game
demolish a destructive card game https www.kickstarter.com/projects/1662303581/demolish-a-destructive-card-game ? ref=kicktraq a silly card game by two kids that had two much on their mind and no other outlet to display their creative nuttiness .
has currently earned 2,025 of 2,000 101 funded|24 84|08-12 kicktraq http www.kicktraq.com/projects/1662303581/demolish-a-destructive-card-game first
precision polyhedral foating face dice https www.kickstarter.com/projects/slykly/precision-polyhedral-foating-face-dice ? ref=kicktraq precision machined metal dice for perfect balance .
floating face style each die is precision machined into 2 pieces !
has currently earned 28,243 of 20,000 141 funded|228 124|08-12 kicktraq http www.kicktraq.com/projects/slykly/precision-polyhedral-foating-face-dice dice
poisoner 's pour https www.kickstarter.com/projects/brassdoggames/poisoners-pour ? ref=kicktraq read your opponents get the gold and stay upright in this game of bluffing and second guessing your choices ... and triple guessing .
has currently earned 2,437 of 500 487 funded|99 25|08-12 kicktraq http www.kicktraq.com/projects/brassdoggames/poisoners-pour
swords sails coins realistic byzantine coins from 1000 ad https www.kickstarter.com/projects/1260256740/swords-and-sails-coins-realistic-byzantine-coins-f ? ref=kicktraq metal byzantine coins can be used for many games including swords sails .
has currently earned 3,891 of 6,500 59 funded|66 59|08-12 kicktraq http www.kicktraq.com/projects/1260256740/swords-and-sails-coins-realistic-byzantine-coins-f bling
fire of eidolon 16-bit inspired co-op dungeon board game https www.kickstarter.com/projects/magicmeeplegames/fire-of-eidolon-16-bit-inspired-co-op-dungeon-boar ? ref=kicktraq a light and super portable boardgame for 1-6 players in 30-45 minutes !
work together explore the dungeon rescue the fire of eidolon !
has currently earned 28,241 of 12,500 225 funded|890 32|08-13 kicktraq http www.kicktraq.com/projects/magicmeeplegames/fire-of-eidolon-16-bit-inspired-co-op-dungeon-boar
tag team mark your territory https www.kickstarter.com/projects/239309591/tag-team-mark-your-territory ? ref=kicktraq a turf battle game about knowing when to back down .
has currently earned 1,117 of 500 223 funded|67 17|08-13 kicktraq http www.kicktraq.com/projects/239309591/tag-team-mark-your-territory
bad science a meta game of science gone sideways https www.kickstarter.com/projects/therewillbegames/bad-science-a-meta-game-of-science-gone-sideways ? ref=kicktraq you are a mad genius !
bend reality good judgement and the world to your whim !
has currently earned 85 of 5,000 1 funded|6 14|08-13 kicktraq http www.kicktraq.com/projects/therewillbegames/bad-science-a-meta-game-of-science-gone-sideways
mommie 's critters a party card game https www.kickstarter.com/projects/1126076452/mommies-critters-a-party-card-game ? ref=kicktraq this is a fast-paced last-man-standing party card game for people who like chickens kitties and crazy critters .
has currently earned 1,898 of 2,500 75 funded|102 19|08-13 kicktraq http www.kicktraq.com/projects/1126076452/mommies-critters-a-party-card-game take3
gobby the card game that 's a gob full of fun !
https www.kickstarter.com/projects/1440757623/gobby-the-card-game-thats-a-gob-full-of-fun ? ref=kicktraq the hilarious and challenging new game that takes the art of communication to a whole new level .
has currently earned 7,918 of 10,000 79 funded|181 44 aud|08-14 kicktraq http www.kicktraq.com/projects/1440757623/gobby-the-card-game-thats-a-gob-full-of-fun first
roots of mali https www.kickstarter.com/projects/9317481/roots-of-mali ? ref=kicktraq roots of mali is a tactical strategic abstract game where 2 players compete with characters represented by dice – zero luck involved !
has currently earned 13,906 of 25,000 55 funded|185 75|08-14 kicktraq http www.kicktraq.com/projects/9317481/roots-of-mali first
tablescapes dungeons modular rpg dungeons by secret weapon https www.kickstarter.com/projects/1084069684/tablescapes-dungeons-modular-rpg-dungeons-by-secre ? ref=kicktraq mine themed modular plastic dungeon tiles from secret weapon reaper miniatures and dark art miniatures has currently earned 106,065 of 20,000 530 funded|1090 97|08-14 kicktraq http www.kicktraq.com/projects/1084069684/tablescapes-dungeons-modular-rpg-dungeons-by-secre bling
3d pawn https www.kickstarter.com/projects/1584761552/3d-pawn ? ref=kicktraq learn it in 30 seconds enjoy it anywhere !
this highly strategic chess-inspired game challenges you to compete on all 3 dimensions has currently earned £1,863 of £3,000 62 funded|77|£24|09-01
i̇ttihat https www.kickstarter.com/projects/1786399936/ittihat ? ref=kicktraq i̇ttihat is a strategy boardgame that takes place in the late imperial era based on the conflict between sultan and the young turks .
alien invasion board game https www.kickstarter.com/projects/458760272/alien-invasion-board-game ? ref=kicktraq crop circles missing farm animals and abductions .
there 's an alien ship on the loose save yourselves and your favorite farm animals .
has currently earned 3,646 of 20,000 18 funded|51 71|08-31 first
alkemia destiny 's recipe https www.kickstarter.com/projects/827090433/alkemia-destinys-recipe-0 ? ref=kicktraq become the next grand alchemist in this resource management item crafting alchemy themed tabletop game .
has currently earned 8,509 of 22,000 38 funded|108 79|09-03 first take2
arena of the elders https www.kickstarter.com/projects/1101158195/arena-of-the-elders ? ref=kicktraq arena of the elders is a turned based table top battle arena on a gridded map where you control upto 4 heroes who fight the enemy team has currently earned 720 of 3,500 20 funded|11 65|08-31
bad words filthy phrases in disguise https www.kickstarter.com/projects/837512758/bad-words-filthy-phrases-in-disguise ? ref=kicktraq a party game for gullible fools douchebags your stupid frat party vodka fueled bachelorette nights and sometimes grandma .
has currently earned 578 of 10,000 5 funded|22 26|09-02 first
battle of the bands the deluxe edition card game https www.kickstarter.com/projects/150522358/battle-of-the-bands-the-deluxe-edition-card-game ? ref=kicktraq what do you your mom a hand puppet and an elvis impersonator have in common ?
they 're your band ... and you are going to rock ! ! !
has currently earned 3,744 of 3,000 124 funded|63 59|09-01 take2
beneath nexus an asymmetrical dungeon crawling card game https www.kickstarter.com/projects/silverclutchgames/beneath-nexus-an-asymmetrical-dungeon-crawling-car ? ref=kicktraq beneath nexus is an asymmetrical card-based dungeon crawler for 3 to 6 players that streamlines big rpgs into an easy to learn format .
has currently earned 10,315 of 20,000 51 funded|216 48|08-31 first
betabotz https www.kickstarter.com/projects/967398182/betabotz-0 ? ref=kicktraq betabotz is a frenetic interactive bidding and negotiation game with a take-that element for 3 to 6 players .
has currently earned 11,604 of 10,000 116 funded|202 57|09-07 first take2
biblioteka a novel game of strategy https www.kickstarter.com/projects/rjflint/biblioteka-a-novel-game-of-strategy ? ref=kicktraq collect unique books and mysterious pages dodge a pesky thief and upstage your rivals in this card-based strategy game .
breach the hacking card game https www.kickstarter.com/projects/208017881/breach-the-hacking-card-game ? ref=kicktraq experience the thrill of hacking and defending your opponents networks to find their secrets in this fast paced card game for up to 6 .
has currently earned 774 of 20,000 3 funded|23 34|09-02 first
bureaunauts https www.kickstarter.com/projects/247507164/bureaunauts ? ref=kicktraq put on your best space suit and tie !
from intern to ceo climb the galactic corporate ladder .
has currently earned 4,132 of 10,000 41 funded|54 77|09-05 first
bushido blades https www.kickstarter.com/projects/bquintero/bushido-blades ? ref=kicktraq defeat your opponent by rationing your stamina parrying attacks and using stances for strategic advantage .
has currently earned 298 of 2,000 14 funded|14 21|09-03 first
common decency internatonal edition https www.kickstarter.com/projects/jameshw/common-decency-the-internatonal-edition ? ref=kicktraq scandalise your friends startle your colleagues and unnerve your casual acquaintances with this irreverent card game !
cubble box a storage box with soul https www.kickstarter.com/projects/464038965/cubble-box-a-storage-box-with-soul ? ref=kicktraq smartly designed beautifully crafted one of a kind unibody box that gives you the perfect storage and throwing area has currently earned €1,927 of €10,000 19 funded|24|€80|10-01 bling
cube https www.kickstarter.com/projects/646164041/cube-0 ? ref=kicktraq an exciting strategic cube building card game for 2-8 players has currently earned 1 of 3,000 0 funded|1 09-05 first
darwin 's dice the hunt for points has begun https www.kickstarter.com/projects/rulefactory/darwins-dice-the-hunt-for-points-has-begun ? ref=kicktraq from the makers of the mischievous card game frantic comes a fast paced card game where you have to climb to the top of the food chain .
deal with it lite the ultimate party game https www.kickstarter.com/projects/1482449377/deal-with-it-lite-the-ultimate-party-game ? ref=kicktraq deal with it lite will take your party to the next level .
with mini games funny rules and phone integration this is a must have has currently earned £1,341 of £5,000 26 funded|41|£33|09-10
district-z the cult https www.kickstarter.com/projects/rubiogames/district-z-the-cult ? ref=kicktraq something went wrong .
leave it to mankind to take advantage of a situation like this one .
dump the ump ! ® https www.kickstarter.com/projects/416640034/dump-the-ump ? ref=kicktraq welcome to baseball 's fastest board game !
it 's america 's pastime like you 've never seen it before !
has currently earned 1,187 of 3,000 39 funded|26 46|08-30 first
electrum campaign coins https www.kickstarter.com/projects/campaigncoins/electrum-campaign-coins ? ref=kicktraq wicked black metal coins for fantasy and horror tabletop games .
has currently earned 13,408 of 10,000 134 funded|149 90 aud|09-02 bling
elemental mystics https www.kickstarter.com/projects/elementalmystics/elemental-mystics ? ref=kicktraq enter a fantasy world where monsters battle for control over sea land and sky .
has currently earned 1,566 of 120,000 1 funded|36 44 aud|08-30 first hmm
eschaton a cult strategy deck-building game https www.kickstarter.com/projects/archongames/eschaton-a-cult-strategy-deck-building-game-0 ? ref=kicktraq gather the cults delve into the arcane and conquer in the name of the dark one .
has currently earned 4,778 of 5,000 95 funded|54 88|10-03 first take2
exquisite beast https www.kickstarter.com/projects/turtledreamgames/exquisite-beast ? ref=kicktraq stitch together monstrous creations from whatever bits of classic horror and fantasy creatures your minions scrounge up !
fantasy coin legacy gaming coins https www.kickstarter.com/projects/fantasycoinhq/fantasy-coin-legacy-gaming-coins ? ref=kicktraq 31 different themes new gems and free loot !
has currently earned 38,008 of 15,000 253 funded|564 67|09-02 bling
footballubet https www.kickstarter.com/projects/footballubet/footballubet ? ref=kicktraq footballubet is the perfect game to enjoy during tailgating parties or just a game night with family and friends .
has currently earned 111 of 5,000 2 funded|3 37|08-31 lolwut
full counter https www.kickstarter.com/projects/502644/full-counter ? ref=kicktraq full counter a post apocalyptic grunge themed strategy turn based card game .
goodnight question a better bedtime https www.kickstarter.com/projects/638612164/goodnight-question-a-better-bedtime ? ref=kicktraq creating magical moments with your children has never been more fun !
ages 4 has currently earned 2,748 of 8,000 34 funded|87 32|09-03 first
havoc card game a revolutionary rpg deck-builder experience https www.kickstarter.com/projects/1373551266/havoc-card-game-a-revolutionary-rpg-deck-builder-e ? ref=kicktraq havoc is a new type of rpg card game that introduces many new mechanics and play-styles in a fantasy deck-building game .
has currently earned 887 of 4,000 22 funded|21 42|08-31 first
isle of monsters a monster wrangling game for 2-5 players https www.kickstarter.com/projects/maydaygames/1908208961 ? ref=kicktraq raise terrifying yet harmless sets of monsters to win the upcoming scare faire !
set collection resource gathering for 2 5 players has currently earned 16,485 of 5,000 329 funded|573 29|08-23
jack the ripper a primer card game https www.kickstarter.com/projects/cryptmonkey/jack-the-ripper-a-primer-card-game-0 ? ref=kicktraq jack the ripper is a chaotic social bluffing card game that plays out in 2 to 15 minutes .
jack is great fun as a filler or party game !
has currently earned 2,291 of 4,800 47 funded|71 32|09-01 first take2
king of the jungle can you survive the jungle carnage ?
https www.kickstarter.com/projects/1329636459/king-of-the-jungle-can-you-survive-the-jungle-carn ? ref=kicktraq a game of deception deduction and distraction where the crafty and cunning survive the day making their way closer to becoming king has currently earned 2,900 of 8,250 35 funded|39 74|09-02 first
latitude 90° the origin https www.kickstarter.com/projects/1479338853/latitude-90-the-origin ? ref=kicktraq l90° the origin seamlessly blends digital and social deduction games .
events happen in real-time with no moderator sleeping or dying .
has currently earned 9,397 of 20,000 46 funded|100 94|09-06 first
https www.kickstarter.com/projects/adamationgaming/mad-scientists ? ref=kicktraq test your patience with this 2-6 player family card game !
megacorp the cyberpunk business trading card game https www.kickstarter.com/projects/megacorp/megacorp-the-cyberpunk-business-trading-card-game ? ref=kicktraq an epic cyberpunk card game designed for 1v1 or up to 9 players .
assume the role of a founder in 10,000 ad and grow your business !
has currently earned 4,788 of 11,000 43 funded|40 120|08-31 first
metal minds https www.kickstarter.com/projects/865126581/metal-minds ? ref=kicktraq indentured psychics on a colonial planet compete for freedom in a race to construct powerful devices and harvest energy spheres .
has currently earned 2,630 of 8,000 32 funded|54 49|08-31 first
https www.kickstarter.com/projects/2066439224/midnight-outburst-not-your-dads-party-game ? ref=kicktraq the shout-out party game of inappropriate top 10 lists .
drinking games bodily functions recreational drugs genital slang and more .
has currently earned 1,102 of 10,000 11 funded|51 22|09-03 first
multiuniversum project cthulhu https www.kickstarter.com/projects/1293726726/multiuniversum-project-cthulhu ? ref=kicktraq multiuniversum is a card game in which players use actions to do research at the hadron collider and close portals to other realities !
naturally disastrous https www.kickstarter.com/projects/340631149/naturally-disastrous ? ref=kicktraq you and your team take on the role of aliens trying to escape a futuristic ruined earth after being shot down by its inhabitants .
out last westbrooke https www.kickstarter.com/projects/psychocat/out-last-westbrooke ? ref=kicktraq trapped in a zombie infested city doomed for nuclear explosion you must make your way out before you 're burned or eaten alive !
has currently earned 9,516 of 37,500 25 funded|120 79|08-31 first
pages of war https www.kickstarter.com/projects/jkloudgames/pages-of-war ? ref=kicktraq a compact competitive card game experience for 2 to 4 players .
has currently earned 472 of 12,000 3 funded|29 16|08-31 first
https www.kickstarter.com/projects/1347242858/pillars-sink-it-or-drink-it ? ref=kicktraq with the challenge of beer pong and the excitement of king 's cup pillars is a unique party game that is sure to entertain any party !
has currently earned 2,047 of 22,000 9 funded|40 51 cad|09-07 first
pine tar baseball 1915 dice simulation featuring babe ruth https www.kickstarter.com/projects/634952920/pine-tar-baseball-1915-dice-simulation-featuring-b ? ref=kicktraq pine tar baseball 1915 is a fun and fast paced dice and card game .
replay a game series or the entire 1915 baseball season !
has currently earned 213 of 250 85 funded|6 36|08-30 expansion
pyramyd the game of life https www.kickstarter.com/projects/43120130/pyramyd-the-game-of-life ? ref=kicktraq collaborative board game based on sharing life experiences .
strategy role reversals 1purpose the enlightenment of our consciousness has currently earned €3,081 of €39,000 7 funded|31|€99|08-30 first
rednecks against humanity https www.kickstarter.com/projects/2107876604/rednecks-against-humanity ? ref=kicktraq stupid sick minded party game for stupid people .
if you like titty twisters butt kisses hickeys and drinking this games for you .
has currently earned 255 of 11,300 2 funded|6 43|09-01 lolwut
by clocktower game studios https www.kickstarter.com/projects/1787687272/seer-by-clocktower-game-studios ? ref=kicktraq a miniature skirmish war game that focuses on custom force creation and tactical yet flexible game play built on streamlined mechanics .
has currently earned 465 of 6,000 7 funded|8 58|09-01 first
https www.kickstarter.com/projects/2047615281/space-base-mutiny-the-1-game ? ref=kicktraq your mission command units with unique race powers to take over systems in the base .
has currently earned 780 of 1,000 78 funded|181 4|09-15 first
heroic scale 1/100 miniature figurines suitable for tabletop gaming and painting .
spies a game of deception and lies https www.kickstarter.com/projects/babydragongames/spies-a-game-of-deception-and-lies ? ref=kicktraq a game of deception lies and jewish spies .
can you out the nazis to your allies before they figure out who you are ?
has currently earned 1 of 7,500 0 funded|1 09-01 lolwut
tag team mark your territory https www.kickstarter.com/projects/239309591/tag-team-mark-your-territory ? ref=kicktraq a turf battle game about knowing when to back down .
the game of ink a board game for 2-4 players https www.kickstarter.com/projects/gamingpaper/tattoo-the-game-of-ink-a-board-game-for-2-4-player ? ref=kicktraq a set-making board game featuring the work of tattoo artists from around the country .
has currently earned 3,386 of 35,000 9 funded|80 42|09-05 first
the animal games a card-based party game for 3-6 players https www.kickstarter.com/projects/1321865567/the-animal-games-a-card-based-party-game-for-3-6-p ? ref=kicktraq who will be your champion ?
the lords of rock https www.kickstarter.com/projects/bravefrontierstudios/the-lords-of-rock ? ref=kicktraq the gods battle with their musical talents through space and time to see who will rule the universe .
m has currently earned 9,786 of 8,500 115 funded|255 38|08-31
the redneck american dream https www.kickstarter.com/projects/jeremyslloyd/the-redneck-american-dream-0 ? ref=kicktraq for people who enjoy sabotaging their neighbors success who enjoy fast paced fun and for people who enjoy a little redneck humor .
has currently earned 574 of 3,500 16 funded|15 38|08-31 first take2
trove the tabletop gaming subscription box https www.kickstarter.com/projects/onlytabletop/trove-the-tabletop-gaming-subscription-box ? ref=kicktraq a curated quarterly box packed with niche and indie games and accessories that is customised by you .
https www.kickstarter.com/projects/clarkcreative/warrior-clash-strategy-game-for-the-whole-family ? ref=kicktraq the greatest warriors in history square off in this tabletop game that features a modular gameboard .
has currently earned 3,133 of 10,000 31 funded|54 58|08-30 first
evo is the 1:1 scale tabletop miniatures skirmish game that can be played literally anywhere and at any time .
has currently earned 2,779 of 7,700 36 funded|32 87|09-03 first take2
check out the meta listings on bgg https boardgamegeek.com/geeklist/166152/kickstarter-project-metalist explore kicktraq 's data-driven views https www.kicktraq.com/categories/games/tabletop 20games or of course kickstater 's tabletop category https www.kickstarter.com/discover/categories/games/tabletop 20games ? ref=category .
hmm means that something about the project seems a little off .
lolwut is reserved for projects that seem like trainwrecks .
take tags are for projects that have been restarted for some reason with the number indicating what iteration we 're currently on .
particularly stuff that might go in the comments column ?
let me know and i 'll add it in .
any ideas so i can have a steady feed of musicly kids to review
today i was chatting with someone on the mini-pu and eventually the discussion turned to how i was concerned that cruising out of a combat situation was too easy and that i was hoping there was going to be a way to address the issue of slower ships never being able to catch up to faster more maneuverable ships .
however the other user was of the opinion that it was perfectly for a ship to just cruise out to escape .
presently in ac there is no cruise so being disengaging and waiting for shields is more difficult and even if you did escape you are in an enclosed space where you have to turn eventually .
however in the mini-pu you can virtually guarantee an escape in faster ships by cruising away .
i believe that this presents an issue because of star citizen 's high time to kill it allows the faster ship to go to cruise when his shields are low and come back and repeatedly attack and be annoying .
this is bad game design because it needlessly extends the time to kill or is essentially an easy out for any player who is bad at dogfighting .
but i do know that people have the opinion that cruise should allow people to escape reasonable easily .
personally i would make missiles punish people who want to escape with cruise and make missiles less useful than they are in closer range engagements .
so what is your expectation for cruise when the game is further developed ?
what mechanics would you implement to resolve any perceived problem ?
ft ak-47 redline with ninjas in pyjamas holo katowice 2014 b/o 8k negotiable
my google account is a us account but i 'm uninterested in the us team and am in fact currently in austria and the austrian team page does show up in the little fab menu in the bottom right of pages relating to the olympics .
however after turning notifications on i only get them for whenever the us wins a medal and am not able to turn them on for the austrian and dutch teams which i would rather be getting info on .
should i just get a dedicated app or just check the respective national pages on google periodically ?
i 'm putting this here to share get feedback and also so that i do n't forget this .
when i write do this or that '' i 'm not lecturing you the reader i 'm telling myself .
surely there are bad and horrible people in the world but most people are good or ok. sure sometimes you need to stand up for yourself and defend your rights .
but only do so once you 've done the absolute maximum possible to satisfy their needs and their rights .
once you 've done the maximum possible to understand their perspective and their feelings .
be nice use the carrot as much as possible rather than the stick you will get more compliance that way .
and when people see that you did all you could to accommodate them they 're more likely to accommodate you .
inconvenience yourself sometimes settle for less than your perfect 100 conditions .
not to gain something but because you just want to help .
if you 're sincerely nice most people will appreciate that .
care about people 's feelings more than the truth '' .
the truth does n't change but if you offend people it will make them feel bad and they wo n't like you and there will be bad outcomes for you .
think about what 's better not to mention at all .
if you do n't respect their emotions people will make you pay the price .
say the wrong thing to the wrong person at the wrong time and it can even cost you your life .
they have their concerns their interests their insecurities and all of those interplay in their interactions with you .
and sometimes you 're competing for a limited resource whatever it may be .
you have to understand where they 're coming from and that it 's not personal ... unless you make it personal .
i bought a new xbox one s controller to use on my pc but it uses normal aa batteries .
does anyone know if you can charge it via a usb cable or do you need a play charge kit ?
i do n't see a battery indication on windows 10 so i ca n't test it myself .
i really hope i never have to do the gotenks event again ... 26 time ! !
https imgur.com/a/cjbnu i had to beat him 26 friggen times !
i actually found out that a double ssj3 gotenk teq lead was a lot better for this event than a super vegetto agl lead sadly i do n't have lssj broly phy so i could n't test that but with the str gotenks thrown in there i doubt it would be easier .
this took way too long but i feel so relieved that it 's over with .
i 've dokkand ssj3 i 'm training the str then dokkaning him because i do n't feel like gathering 10 goten or trunks and then doing the event 50 more times for the sa ... but i 'm going to wait to dokkan goten teq and trunks int until i can pull a few more a minimum of sa7-10 .
then i also had to do this on the side https imgur.com/a/zv0us since i managed to pull perfect cell teq and enough sr beerus teq to get my dokkand one to sa 10 .
up next getting my super buu teq to sa 10 the dokkan one .
i want to get the wt buu and the pullable buu to sa 10 but that 's way too much work .
so i started as the ibadi count of massat and then conquered tangiers which i made my capital .
despite having full tribal organization and a city in tangiers the decision to adopt merchant republic is greyed out .
i even tried building up a tribal holding in tangiers all the way to the full market level but it still does n't give me the option .
for reference i can adopt feudalism off the castles in tangiers so it should n't be an issue with any prerequisites .
i messed around with console commands for a bit and i found that if i built up the tribal holding in my original start in massat the merchant republic option was available for me .
am i not allowed to make a merchant republic after moving capitals or something ?
most things after the upgrade work perfectly except for one thing
whenever i perform a web search with cortana it opens in ie although edge is set as default for everything that is listed for it .
is there any additional setting i might have missed or is this a known bug in 1607 ?
i 've only been a delivery driver for a couple of months and this is the first incident where i 've had something sketchy go on so i 'm equal parts pleased i realized what was happening and disappointed that i could have fucked up with someone trying to pull something over on me .
a little introductory information there 's a group of apartments that are near our restaurant that a particular problem customer lives in .
you probably know of the type the customer that will use the restaurants good will to their advantage by claiming that something anything was wrong with their delivery in order to get free shit out of it .
it 's overcooked i 'd like a new one delivered there 's mushrooms on this pizza i 'd like a new one delivered etc .
so yesterday an order comes in and right away i notice that this is the street that this customer lives on .
i have n't been around long enough to have the specific address memorized but i 've heard the stories from the other drivers and so i get hyper vigilant about this order .
the ticket is correct and the pizza looks good correct toppings not burnt in any sense of the word and cut nicely .
i set out and get to the address on the ticket only to realize that it 's not the troublemaker but a neighbor across the parking lot .
i breathe a sigh of relief that i do n't have to deal with them this time and knock on the door .
a man answers the door and i tell him the price of the pizza 23.5-something and he hands me a twenty and a one and says that his wife is getting the rest .
this happens sometimes and i can hear his wife in the background rummaging around in her purse so i start to hand him our delivery bag and as i 'm doing so he asks me if i have change .
we do carry change and so i tell him yes and he asks for a five .
looking back on it i know it was a stupid move but at the time but i was just relieved i did n't have to deal with our problem customer .
so i pull a five out of my change bag and hand it to him while i 'm busy getting the pizza out of our warming bag .
simultaneously while this is happening his wife hands him a ten .
i hand him his pizza and he hands me a five .
for a split second i think that this is fine .
26 is greater than 23.5-something and i get a 2 tip right ?
i believe what i said was have a nice wait .
no. i tell the guy that i need more money and he replies with is n't that your tip ? i explain that the pizza cost 23.50 he gave me 21.00 and i just gave him 5.00 from my own change .
i need the 10.00 he 's holding and he can have the 5.00 back .
he kind of looks at me blankly for a second and his wife who had gone back to sit down on the couch asks him if there 's anything wrong .
he hands me the ten and i return the five to him .
as he closes the door i can hear him tell her that nothing 's wrong just a little confusion.
do we have a release date for 1212ad or ancient empires ?
i do n't know if this has been brought up before so forgive me if it has but why is the bar that shows how far you or the enemy team has pushed the payload the opposite of your team 's color ?
when you 're pushing the progress bar is red even though you 're on the blue team and when you 're defending the bar is blue which is odd for the same reasons .
a red bar progressing would normally be a bad thing in other games whereas a blue bar progressing would be a good thing .
it 's not a huge issue it 's just something that 's always bugged me a little .
i feel this hot burning thing inside my chest whenever i have romantic feelings while i am watching some cute boys hugging scene or reading sweet shounen ai mangas .
i even used to sit with a boy in the school bus and whenever we brushed he did those bro-things like putting his arm around my shoulder with each other the intense warmth in the chest would activate again .
just the other day another friend accidentally brushed his hand against my back till the bums and i felt electrified .
i am not sure about my orientation but i guess it 's 70 gay
been jailbroken just fine on 9.3.3. using pangu and have rebooted my phone several times .
every time i was able to run the pangu app just fine to re-jailbreak on the phone itself but now the pangu app keeps crashing on me hence i ca n't re-jailbreak .
i know people have been experiencing cydia crashing but my search yielded nothing in regards to the pangu app itself crashing .
any ideas how to fix this before i try to install pangu again via impactor etc .
for the past 4 weeks i have noticed that for the first time i switch to the marshalls i get hit with a huge lag spike anyone else get this ?
i have a public key whose fingerprint is e5fd 653d 2f32 0045 5bac 2376 0e0c abf0 87c0 1790
finally i am proving my reddit account by posting it in r/keybaseproofs
i 've been placed at 52 grinded my way up to 63 then had a massive leaver streak along with simply better enemies and ropped to the 40s my lowest point was 38 and i was sitting on this level for ages .
won some lost some but hardly ever could move up higher than 40/41 .
basically i was sitting there over half the season while trying to balance out the mess of a team comp my teammates have been coming up with and getting punished for it even because people rather left instead of switching heroes after they suicided on their counters over and over again .
i constantly got teamed up with people who did give a rats ass ahout team composition so i ended up playing tank or healer .
over and over again while stil getting teamed up with people who are not familiar with a basic understanding of the game .
reinhardt would still hide behind his shield and the whole team as well when i had zenyatta or lucio ult up or buffed him with anas ult .
worst i had was hanzo ana and widowmaker on attack would stand 1m away from the point we have to capture and trying to snipe things while we had 10 sec left to capture the last third of the point .
people just randomly run all through the map to pvp and suicide on their counters over and over again
no communication no team comp no hero switching ... .and people rather have left the game instead of adapting to the situation .
no teamplay whatsoever everyone was just caring about themselves and people kept running into the enemy solo over and over again dying and feeding them ults
people play dps only if i was happy to have a tank in the team it was roadhog ana was the most picked healer '' and people mainly played her as sniper anyways .
when asking people in a polite manner to switch heroes because you know being on ttack a healer or tank might make more sense than a widowmaker sitting in base they rather left or afked in the base rather than switching heroes .
long story short it was a pain a massive pain i was ending the rounds most times with 5 gold medals even when playing as lucio but really it 's a team game and you ca n't win this game 1vs6 and neither with having leavers in 50 of your games ... .so while playing healer i kept droping because my team while going full dps was not able to dish out enough dmg to actually kill the enemy or did not care enough about the objective to capture points .
at some point i felt like fuck it '' i stopped caring about my rank i stopped caring about my team and the team composition i just was using ranked as my new quickplay and was trying out new heroes .
ever since i started playing this game i was playing healer because that always was the role to fill that apparently no one liked to play .
when i started playjng tracer after some initial learning curve '' of a few games i suddenly went on a massive winning streak except the games that had leavers on my team which are a lot less since i moved up to the 50s again though .
i 'm sitting on 62 again now happily filling the role of healer again if needed but i can tell you it was a massive pain down there .
point is it does n't feel like competitive in any way everyone is just running around like headless chicken not giving a rats ass about anything and this is clearly no fun even less if you do n't belong there in the first place .
... and you or rather your rank are is too dependant from your team and the people you get teamed up with respectively .
... and this together with the leavers quitters afkers imho is a massive problem in the ranked system .
to me it really felt like between 40 and 50 are so many players that either belong to 60 or 30 ... it 's just a hell hole everyone seems to sit in without belonging there in the first place .
so you often had games that were either stomp or get stomped there hardly was any balance despite everyone sitting kn a similar mmr .
i really hope blizzard will come up with a better solution next season maybe let people remain in the same rank bracket even after a massive losing streak .
also people at least should have a certain amount of playtime on different roles heroes in quickplay before they can enter ranked .
smite has a similar system if i remember right where you have to have reached a certain level on an x amount of gods before you can enter ranked play in the first place .
i can tell you nothing sucks more than getting teamed up with that lvl 25 rank 40 gdude who only plays genji or widowmaker and is not able or willing to play anything else no matter how bad he is performing .
also big thanks to the redditor who actually proposed to switch to dps rather than trying to fill roles my team is ignoring completely .
it took me a few days until i finally made the decision to really ignore teamcomp myself and made this step but everything was fun and games again after .
i 'm not saxing thst people rather should play another dps instead of a needed healer but if you find yourself in a situation where your team just ca n't dish out enough dmg and hence your healing wo n't help much either i 'd say at least give it a try but also be ready to change to something else if needed .
i 'm looking for an addon with the following functionalities
tracks the cooldown of an ability showing a bar for the remaining time .
this bar has preferably size relative to the duration of the cooldown for example for a 2 sec cd the bar is twice as long as a 1sec cd not remaining cd max .
when the spell is off cooldown it flashes the spell i think omni cc does that but only if you have enough resources to cast it if you do n't it 's semi transparent .
1 every cooldown bar has the same size irrespective of its actual duration i could though resize them manually for each spell
2 i ca n't get it to flash the spell 's icon when the cd is up and add transparency when you do n't have enough resource to cast it .
it 's been around 1.5 years that i stopped playing so many addons stopped being developed and i 've forgotten which i used ...
when i get really stressed or anxious i tear up .
i would n't say i cry because i do n't sob or anything but there is defiantly conspicuous water leakage from my eyes .
i do n't even need to be feeling sad or down or really that emotionally distressed it just creeps up on me and most of the time i just ca n't stop it .
i 'm 27 this had been happening since i hit puberty .
i have tried to fix this for years because it constantly gets me in hot water or embarrasses me .
an ex claimed i did it on purpose during serious arguments as an attempt at emotional manipulation .
today i completely humiliated myself when it happened after my boss ' boss challenged me on some things after i had a really rough day .
i would n't mind it so much if it was only confined to my personal life but i need to sort this out for my professional life .
in the past i have seen a doctor about this who had no suggestions and said it was just how my hormones worked .
i 've been through several different types of birth control none of which seem to impact this issue .
sometimes i can hold it back but usually i need to step out of wherever i am to take a moment .
this is usually not an option in professional situations .
has anyone else dealt with this and conquered it ?
glad to know i 'm not alone and am going to try the strategies you guys recommended .
if they do n't work i might investigate the cbt/anxiety meds route but i 'd prefer not to go that far over something that only happens sometimes .
i heard there was going to be an encyclopaedia malazica .
is it currently being worked on with an estimated release date ?
i 've searched for it online and ca n't seem to get much info up on it .
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
also feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score so people can compare .
i 've been trying to watch coverage of pro tour eldritch moon but i can not get it to work on youtube .
on my phone the coverage starts and weird random places on both days and i can not find the beginning the draft portions are what i want to watch the most but i prefer to watch the entire day for each day and it somply wo n't play at all on my laptop .
is there someplace else that i can go to watch it or is the coverage for this pro tour just screwed ?
so i 'm using haplo 's power switch mod .
i see the practicality of it but i 'm having a tough time envisioning this .
so basically i want all colonist rooms 4x4 to have a motion detected light when they enter the room and only when they 're in the room .
but with what i have to work with does anyone have advice on a layout ?
also why cant appliances such as stoves lights etc .
i have been looking but so far the links i 've found have been dead
it 's fucking 5:52 am and no sleep in sight .
i do n't fucking know ... tell me about yourself ?
figured i would start this thread to provide a place for people to provide version feedback .
not sure if this was just a crypto currency move or missed logging from the past 16 hours but i just lost about 10 of my logged balance .
had to restart gpu activity as my 1080 was stuck earnings about half as much as it should 've been .
im a hopeless romantic and want my girlfriend to feel special and appreciated .
and so it just came about that i was talking to female friend the other day and she bursted out that she had some she time '' shopping online and that genuine satisfied smile just ... . wow .
if i was a mystery boyfriend/girlfriend what would i buy you to make you feel sexy ?
for the sake of equality i 'm not specifying my gender so that everyone has a say in this .
is anyone else looking forward to flying it simply to spite salty imperials i.e .
a lot of my friends who play with illicit and crew tricks ?
my card is declined when i try to buy premium .
i have plenty of money on the account and i even used the card earlier today at the grocery store plus i used the same card to buy premium a few months ago with no issues .
does anyone have any idea what i could do to try to fix it or a work-around ?
honestly i just want to ssw back so that i can update my shop easily
i 'm currently enlisted and leaning towards getting out in january to go to school full time and commission .
for the prior e 's ... did you have any problems going reserves or guard immediately after separating while doing rotc.. ?
i known they are different form factors but what are the main differences between the boards and which one is better ?
so i used this song for a montage on youtube not knowing it was copyrighted so got banned in germany for some reason anyways so does anyone know a non copyright alternative ?
i am using wireless usb headphones as my playback device because i have my on-board sound card connected to simvibe .
i do n't seem to be getting surround sound from iracing even though it is enabled .
would this be because i am using usb headphones with integrated sound card ?
here is pearl http colorslive.com/details/3522967 and here is amethyst http colorslive.com/details/3523888 .
both are made using a 3ds and the links are to colors ! live which include the speed-drawing process !
i remember people saying they had a lot of problems on el capitan version 10.11.4 .
due to this i am still on 10.11.1 because it works perfectly and i did n't want to regret updating .
can anyone with a mbp comment on how their machine is doing with the latest update ?
hello everyone i just registered with uber a few days ago and today was my first day driving as a partner .
i wanted to ask the community the following question am i able to drive in toronto if i have n't gotten my safety standards certificate yet ?
car year is 2009 do n't know if that matters
my first day driving was a total disaster my stats 2 rides in 4 hrs totaling for 13 .
both of these rides came in mississauga city where i live but i had no rides in toronto where i spent majority of time .
i was truly disappointed that i got no rides in toronto and so it led me to wonder if it 's because i have n't gotten my ssc yet ?
maybe the laws are more strict in toronto city as compared to mississauga ?
a lot of people myself included do n't live close enough to a poke-stop where we can safely waste a ton of poke-balls not having to worry if we run out .
i 'd personally like to get better at spinning ball-throw but it 's really hard since i 'm sure to waste a ton of poke-balls just to catch a rattata .
edit well this is one situation where you 're being an idiot is the best possible answer i could get .
we recently lost a pet due to an eerily-similar though non-ecig related incident so i completely panicked .
on the bright side my floors have never been so clean !
hoping someone can offer some advice for my epic screw-up .
i use an ego-t with a cartomizer and i just lost the little white rubber cap from the carto without realizing it right away .
i was walking around the house with the ego in my hand so there are a lot of places it could 've fallen/bounced/etc .
they pretty much always have a little bit of liquid clinging to the inside part and i have 3 cats so of course i 'm concerned they 'll be exposed to the juice and poisoned .
my concern is that this is an old cluttered house with a lot of holes and crevices where i might never find this thing i 've already been looking for nearly 2 hours with no luck .
now i would assume that particularly at 24/mg/ml of nic even the residue that usually clings to the caps would be enough to severely harm or kill an animal as small as a cat and that once they ingest it it 's pretty much all over for them .
what is my worst-case scenario here if i ca n't find this thing ?
presumably the small amount of liquid that would 've clung to that small piece would dry out fairly quickly will that affect potency and therefore potential danger ?
am i too worried about the potential for harm ?
do i need to be washing the walls as well in case it bounced and smeared there too ?
i 'm trying to mostly focus on this massive search/cleanup job right now but i tried to do a quick google search and the results are a bit contradictory .
i do n't really know anybody else who vapes so you guys are the only ones i could think to ask .
me and my friends decided to pick this game up so we set up and got our horde characters to level 30 .
then we found out our server silvermoon has a horrific horde population at 5 .
should we go to a more horde sided server such as draenor while we are still relatively low levels or would you recommend something else ?
i 've been trying to find this hat but i cant seem to find it anywhere .
it 's the state of michigan logo with the up but inside is the wings logo .
hopefully somebody has an idea of where i can find it !
i ordered the moto g4 32gb/2gb version and made sure i did n't do anything fancy like engraving or picking a back that was n't in stock but i 'm being told it will still take up to 10 days to get the phone .
every time i ordered from moto back when it was google owned i would get phones within 2 business days .
has it really changed that much now that lenovo owns them ? ...
an old boring married couple of 40 years were getting ready for bed .
the wife felt as though her husband has n't recently been noticing her the way he used to and wanted to do something out of the ordinary to see if he would notice .
she decided that this evening she would put on the same nightgown she has worn since they were married on backwards .
doing this made her cleavage show quite a bit and she really knew he would notice and say something .
well she walked out of the bathroom and her husband who was already in bed reading a book looked up at her and went right back to reading .
after a few minutes of trying to talk to him and him blowing her off she sternly asked him if he noticed anything different about her this evening .
he sighed looked up at her and very casually said yes i noticed that your nightgown was on backwards '' and went back to his book .
this made her happier but she was still concerned as to why he did n't seem to care .
when she asked him what it was that made him notice the gown was on backwards completely expecting the exposed cleavage he looked at her and said .
i noticed because the shit stains are now in the front ! ''
this was my grandfather 's favorite joke terrible but hilarious hearing his 80 year old self tell it
say melo broke his leg for example what would happen to the roster ?
would coach k just roll with 11 people on the roster ?
if not how would they pick who replaces him ?
how do i get rid of all the artist biography info that shows up when i select an artist ?
i swear itunes ui gets worse and worse with every update .
working my way through competitive on my mission to 80 and the matchmaking does this .
obviously the other team steamrolls us and pushes the payload all the way almost uncontested and our attacking round consisted of me trying to take the objective solo while my team is held at the gates by a genji .
normally with these extraordinarily unmatched teams you do n't lose any ranked progress at all but here i lose as many places '' as i won in the previous match against a team 3 levels higher on average and went down from 78 to 77. http imgur.com/ei0afrw
sorry if this is rant-y but i was just so amazed i felt the need to post it .
me and the wife go to catch a few charmander there today and we see a conga line of cars cruzin around the elementary school .
then we decide to hop in the conga line cuz it was hot and our phones were getting hot so we are cruzin too.. next thing we know there are close to 25 cars in the line and kids have set up a water and snack stand .
was awesome and caught a few charmander and hatched my 10k egg .
falchion case hardened bs purple blue 100 ► http s.metjm.net/g4akjw7.jpg on both sides .
if so why did n't the other three we can assume that pd is dead attempt to make a fourth .
on a similar note could it be possible to make a diamond the same way as the quartzes rubies and peridots ?
could a human after learning how to make gems from a very likable peridot be able to construct a diamond and perhaps transfer their mind into it or do something that would result in being a diamond ?
my second question is what was the factor that caused rose to rebel against the diamonds .
you could make the argument that she felt bad for the earth yet somehow i do n't think that is it at all .
as she said in the babysitter episode gems are made for a specific purpose and do n't usually go beyond the mold .
could it be that she maybe met a human and became friends with them all those millenia ago a human who taught her that she can be more than just a warrior ?
i 'm switching to android soon so i do n't know much about android .
how exactly do skins like touchwiz or sense work on top of android ?
i had a seizure at the wheel of the car about 2 weeks ago .
i take tramadol 100mg slow release in the morning and night to manage pain from endometriosis and adenomyosis .
i have recently 5 weeks ago been put on 20mg of fluoxetine for depression .
i was warned that these drugs could react badly but that it was very unlikely at these low dosages .
i have asked doctors emergency and general practitioner how this reaction happened and is it likely to happen again .
all they say is that it is unlikely but that is n't good enough for me as my 1 yr old daughter was in the car with me when the accident happened .
i am now terrified to leave the house with her by myself .
i actually had a panic attack a few days ago as we were in a high population area and i just kept thinking 'what if i had another seizure and she ran onto the road ? '
i have since stopped taking the tramadol and have been given oxycodone for the pain but i ca n't take that and take care of my daughter .
also is there maybe an alternative for fluoxetine that i can take with tramadol ?
i am 28 yrs old 72kgs 157cms female and caucasian .
2 x ft awp asiimov 's only sold as a combo b/o 23 keys
every piece of colored leather armor you have on gives you a higher tier of strength but have to be different colors .
for example i wanted a orange leather helmet and chestplate but only one would make the strength higher so i could color my chestplate purple or green then i 'd have strength ii .
i have a friend who was experiencing some symptoms and i told him he probably has lymes .
after a while he finally got tested and it came up positive .
he is not one to use antibiotics or even ibuprofen when he has a headache .
he wants to not do anything and just get more sleep .
what are some concrete things i can say to him to convince him to take the antibiotics or should he just not get treated .
i 'm close to finishing the quest itself last node but i 'm scared to entre it because of the surprise lancer monster thing with big horn from the 4th node ...
humans and non-humans particularly furries and monsters live side by side and as a result racism has fallen to the wayside in favor of discrimination based on species .
non-humans live as second-class citizens in many countries if not legally then at least socially .
one supposedly enlightened city has a dark underbelly of humans who still feel that anthroes and monsters are less than human .
as such crimes against non-humans often go unpunished here including one that will happen tonight .
you 've done nothing wrong but that clearly is n't good enough for me .
whether i break into your home while you sleep because you had the nerve to move into my all-human neighborhood or see you leaving a club and decide you 're just asking for it by dressing the way you are the end is the same i take it upon myself to put this furry in her place and rape you .
maybe you get yourself all tarted up and into some lingerie for your husband only to have him working late .
all that effort to be sexy does n't exactly go to waste when i break in however ...
alternately you could be one of the many desperate and impoverished non-human women to turn to prostitution to make ends meet and i would be your human client paying to take my frustrations out on you with rough degrading sex .
maybe you 're in heat and tarting yourself up for attention without realizing how badly your body wants it .
do you get mistaken for a whore and go along with it for cheap thrills only to get in way over your head ?
or do you refuse man after man when everyone picks up on your desperate fuck me '' look and gets a whiff of your pheromones your panties getting steamier and your resolve getting weaker with each grope or bad pickup line ?
being in heat could be even worse if you 're a maid working for a human who you already know has a thing for putting furries like you in your place '' .
hell you might not even need to be in heat for me to end up taking advantage of you if you look good enough in your uniform .
limits are blood other non-sexual body fluids and serious injury but slapping and humiliation are more than likely .
willing to make this a long-term rp where i prey on you and repeatedly take advantage of you .
i 'm also willing to try this with mlp/equestria girls we can work out the details .
established furry porn or not characters are also a possibility .
everyone 's at least a little bit furry for krystal rouge and renamon after all .
me and my brother wan na do the moon ee and we do n't have any other dlc besides dlc4 so we want to know do you still need those items ?
just woke up at 3 am because of another nightmare .
i dreamt about my ex messaging me after all these months writing that he feels better now but still ca n't go back .
one of the last things he said to me was that he just ca n't go back to how we were even though what we had was beautiful in 100 ways .
after i awoke from the dream i was contemplating if i should try to take my life right that moment .
i could overdose anytime i want i think i 've collected enough pills by now .
i just forgot how it should be done if i should eat something first to help maximize the effects or if it was taking the pills on an empty stomach .
i ate but i could n't get myself to take the pills because while i was contemplating i kept imagining that even if i succeed and do n't end up messing up my body for life i 'll end up in hell or some awful afterlife .
i 'm kind of religious more or less lately and all this stuff about how you end up in hell if you kill yourself doesn'y help .
i pray every night and believe in god but lately my prayers have been ending more like please end it soon '' as in kill me soon somehow quickly .
my boyfriend was what made me truly happy since last year and we were going so well i thought or at least hoped that he would n't leave me even though i 'm young only 17 and it was my first relationship .
i 'm not gon na spend a whole paragraph describing it but his personality was what made me fall for him and then the extra good looks too .
i 'm not talking with any pink glasses on .
when i awoke i felt like my brain has been transplanted into the body i was in a few months ago when my parents took me to seek help .
high adrenaline and heart rate more intelnse feelings of dread and hopelessness snd wanting to be killed in any quick way possible .
these feelings subsided but i still go on with a general sadness inside me .
i went to see the new ghostbusters with two friends yesterday .
i used to call one of them my best friend and be a little weirdo but an ok/funny-level weirdo .
i do n't see anyone as my best friend nor do i wan na spend much emotion on someone .
and i want to quit sny sort of extra activity i usually would do besides school like the theater group .
i want to stop doing everything that is related to scholar activities .
from what my ex told me i can somewhat draw the conclusion that he has gotten into some sort of depression .
he said things like it 's not just you !
i ca n't let in anyone else either right now . ''
his cat died last year just before christmas and that happened while i was still giving him space because of something else did n't get much of an explaination about that .
perfect fucking timing ... . and having to put her to sleep fucked him up what he said to me .
still he has grown cold and gotten me to want to kill myself .
i have no sympathy for heartbreakers whatever the reason they leave their partnerv .
i want to see him being totmented by high adrenaline and feelings of dread too .
he should want to take his life just like i do he who was my everything .
this whole thing has turned me into a worse more evil person .
what the fuck is the point of it all if we just end up like this..
why wo n't people just break into his place trash it and murder his loved ones in front of him ? ?
this sentence was sarcastic and i 'm still angry at the youth centre that helps me too .
for not actually helping me with a lethal injection .
i want to take my life but those retarded thoughts and claims that you end up in hell being scared the suicide might go wrong or just thinking of how the process of suicide would go keep me back .
stupid how the cells in your body do n't just die when you want to die .
my understanding from reading the forums is that the 299 usd perpetual license entitles you to free minor updates 1.x 1.y 1.z ... .
the implication seems to be that the perpetual license wo n't get major upgrades v2.0 is this correct ?
if i buy the perpetual license will i have to pay to upgrade to v2.0 and so on ?
i appreciate giving us the move names guys but the number gels a lot better with search algorithms .
if it 's possible to add another two columns after the move names or before does n't matter with the move numbers ?
currently rank 22 been playing about a week and would like some more people to play with casually and into ranked once i reach that stage .
it just puts me by myself in a game with no other players
as a main horde player i went to goldshire with my other horde friend with the goal to make peace with an ally player .
it took a few tries but we did it !
thanks to this one alliance player i hope we can make peace with all of you guys not all of us horde people like pvp .
so if you meet a ally player named gianthammer talk to him he is a cool dude .
i really want to beat this game but vicar amelia is giving me such a hard time .
every sunday i play for an hour and a half trying to beat this bitch .
i want to experience the rest of this game so badly i 've heard great things about the boss of the forbidden forgotten ?
but vicar amelia is so annoying that i just want to quit .
when i fought the blood-starved beast it was awesome to be able to dive in and dodge his blows and land hit after hit .
it was fast it was brutal and it was exactly what i like about bloodborne .
but with amelia i have to hold back until she does one of two attacks the one where she brings her hands together and smashes and the one where she tries to grab me and then i can finally dodge around her and smack her once or twice .
if i try to hit her on any other attack i 'm guaranteed to take more damage than it 's worth .
after nearly four months of trying i got to her in late april i still have n't even gotten her below half health .
can anyone give me some tips or a way to glitch past her or something ?
edit elsewhere in the thread i said i 'd make a video of the encounter .
well i ca n't stand to at the moment so i 'm gon na head over to the optional area to the left as some people have been suggesting .
do n't worry i 'll get around to her .
if you 're not sure who 's entering check this thread
personally i think m2k is gon na take it again .
i need two players to run through this with me .
i 'm trying to get the bolt caster sword but everyone else on here just kills the arc guy .
would prefer someone to carry me but i 'll take anyone !
now 's the time to show off all your gifs and screencaps of your favourite character design s from this season .
see if we ca n't get some people to check out new shows based off of design
this season i really like nero 's http i.imgur.com/ieskfne.jpg design from 91 days http myanimelist.net/anime/32998/91_days it 's simple yet elegant and imo quite befitting of a mobster .
my other favourite design is hifumi http i.imgur.com/6bsdadm.png from new game !
http myanimelist.net/anime/31953/new_game i saw this fanart posted on the sub a few days back which convinced me to pick it up cute show so far
alright this is for people replicating real life cities in game and wondering how many office buildings they should put in so it does n't look different than the city irl .
if we take a look at seattle in game it has about 2 3 high rises or skyscrapers .
now when you map editors are replicating real life cities with over 200,000 people you know how many skyscrapers you should have so your city looks like something nelson would have made as his maps are balanced .
if thats what your shooting 4 in your map .
if i was to replicate chicago in game i would take
irl population divided by 300,000 amount of high rises/skyscrapers you should have in your big city .
if you are replicating chicago you should have 9 skyscrapers/high rise office buildings .
but sluggedcascade 9 skyscrapers is too much and there is n't much variety of buildings over 3 stories in the map editor !
well random person asking the question not all of them have to be that tall you can cheat by counting apartment buildings and smaller office buildings too so it is n't too large of a town !
the apartment buildings are up to your own choice .
on my map http imgur.com/gallery/ud7xx i have replicated detroit .
there is obviously more than 2 high rises there .
however i was trying to make the renaissance center https www.google.com/search ? q=renaissance+center safe=active espv=2 biw=2560 bih=965 source=lnms tbm=isch sa=x ved=0ahukewiguyo7pk7oahvcysykhbbrbncq_auibygc imgrc=uonbtpxdkfomwm 3a which is actually a cluster of 5 buildings irl but i made it 3 buildings in game so its a combination of math and balancing it in game .
tl dr too accurately find out the number of high rises/skyscrapers that you should have on your city make sure you are replicating a real life city or else this does n't work you take the total population of the city should be over 300,000 people if you are putting high rises in it and divide it by 300,000 to get a number of skyscrapers that should be in your large city .
i can further explain it if it 's confusing probably is .
usp-s guardian with titan katowice 2014 on it looking at offers around 6k 6 sticker price
i am currently a 28m but a few years back i was dating a woman .
anyway we originally met at a trade school in my state back in 09 .
we did n't really talk after i graduated until i revived a message from her out of the blue in the fall of '12 .
i should probably back up and tell you that she lives about 2 hours away from me .
until the following october when i found another facebook profile of hers with another guy listed as her bf .
i confronted moon about it with screencaps in hand but she still denied it .
that lasted a week before she guilted me back into the relationship .
flash forward another 6 months and i find the same profile with the same man listed .
with the help of a consular and loved ones i was finally able to kick her ass to the curb .
but that is not the end of this saga .
moon quickly stared to dig her claws into my now former best friend .
something i did n't find out till months later .
i 'm glossing over allot of the details especially post breakup but i just want everyone to know that through the fires of adversity i emerged a stronger more confident person .
i still struggle with trust issues but i am a far cry from the weak little boy i once was .
it may take awhile but you will eventually look back and be able to laugh with your friends about the whole thing .
just wanted to share my story and get it out of my system .
i got my titan up to level 40 and got his light level up to 298 .
was wondering what the best way to get better gear to get a higher light level is .
i 've also never play crucible and if someone could explain how that all works i would love to hear it .
i have two characters at 40 but still feel very nooby on this sub i would to hear all about the post level 40 things to do .
that 's something i 'd expect if you used different models in terms of clock speed size latencies and maybe even brand .
the constant shift to black helped set the mood of the scene as well .
he has a pretty vivid memory and i 'm sure he 'd remember being there at the start of his career .
i played the ps1 version and it 's truly fantastic .
and if i 'm gon na be honest psp remake of is frustrated me .
ps1 version felt more natural you 'd have to play a rom .
bendis constantly said spider-men 2 will provide the answer ! ! ! ! ! ! ''
and it 's a shame because spider-men is a great book but it has this idiotic cliffhanger at the end that never had a chance of being resolved .
stop being cheap and pay for the game you like supporting the people who make it
yeah the probe in the brisket was probably misplaced .
i had another probe right next to it on the grate so i think my smoker temp was accurate .
doubt it was intentional and that they simply did n't have all of it ready for release .
eventually you need to cut off development and get the game sold .
yeah i second downwell frantic gameplay awesome combo chains and random upgrades .
i 've been here a little while pumping out prompt after prompt i 'd like to think there 's a little in them for everyone !
1 i 'm not sure about this one maybe r/kenm ?
2 i ca n't remember which one it was but on my clicking through random a while ago i found one that was entirely baby bunnies so that one .
it 's welsh and it can mean 'sweetheart darling girlfriend wife love ' .
5 holding his patience he walked on with her until they reached the rooms that had been set aside for them what seemed like an age ago now
i think that sounds like a really good start or end to a prompt actually..
omg i just noticed that in pure jungkook fashion he does not spare a single glance as far as we can see when lady jane is doing her dance for gfriend 's song .
edit for anyone who 's interested here http ikshow.net/shows/king-of-mask-singer/episode-71 is the full episode english subbed .
others in this subreddit have reported that 1.6 has an unpleasant flavor but i think most people do n't have a problem with it .
if so maybe you just have a bad batch .
imo 1.6 tastes a little better if i let it chill overnight in the fridge .
but i 'm not one of the people who dislikes it to begin with .
meh they 're losing 6-0 to the worst team in baseball and it looks like they 'll lose consecutive series to last place teams .
and the only player acquired for the stretch drive was a generic reliever .
they might be the 5th-best team in the nl but five games over .500 in early august will never inspire epic poetry .
all proceeds in from this book go directly to children 's orphanages in vermont
mentor tag as mentioned but also i like the price being sort of high .
to have a tag is a privilege not a right it 's expected by the time you take to raise the funds you might have the experience to use it wisely .
nothing worse than someone whom pops a tag and keeps it up for no good reason or just stands idle for an hour especially in wvw .
both are super overpriced dig should be around 300 and ldlc around 185
ikr the kid was probably a huge shithead but he 's still just a kid having him surrounded by 3 hardened fucking criminals who have all more than likely killed people is positively fucked up in my eyes
unfortunately there 's also the traffic problem because they 're not that wide .
in ahmednagar there 's a gate called delhi gate and it was almost demolished .
they are all about 15 miles away and i do n't have a way to get to them unfortunately because i do n't have a car nor the money for a cab uber .
i would walk but the only way to get to them is via the highway which does n't have pedestrian access .
edit that being said if someone were wiling to pay for a week at one of those plus an uber or someone else that would definitely be a viable option !
your ma unit and all your healers should have type advantage weapons .
i would get as many attack herbs on your ma unit as possible followed by your healers .
other herbs are likely best on your more permanent units like the brides probably
you should try to use tile management to force an aura on your healers for healing while hoping for more procs in the meantime .
otherwise do what you can to raise your teams hp .
go back to weapon hoh for better/limit broken weapons for your ma units/healers and armor up every one else .
it really can come down to how many times will she dori dori dori me this time '' ?
i 'm sorry that happened to you i 've never been bullied as badly as that .
i know but imo it 's not worth all the acne i get from eating fruit .
i know someone who worked for tree house and while there has been a lot of turnover in the executive area i can tell you that it is not for this reason .
it was a house party where all the mods lived together you included .
keep in mind anything can be done with enough money .
it just happens that the more knowledge and experience you have the less money you 'll spend .
not aborting something like that over a few dumb interdictions .
but i do think it could pick and choose better over what to interdict for .
that 's a reach but if you have him in the same tier as ab julio or adrian peterson go for it .
the only rule in round 1 is do n't miss you do n't hit home runs in round 1 .
i think deandre actually does rank close to the top of round 1 guys in terms of security .
he 's never missed a game he 's guaranteed ultra-elite target s and it apparently does n't matter who throws him the ball .
so there 's guys i 'd rather have at 1.1 but i actually think hopkins is a pretty solid pick given how safe he is .
understanding that all you want in round 1 is security hopkins could be a great pick .
if you know you want a wr and like hopkins the most pick him !
it 's your game to have fun with and hop is 100 guaranteed to go in the first round so it 's not a huge stretch anyways .
you 'll still get elite wr1 production out of the pick and that 's all you need .
although it would be has to walk '' instead of run '' which is even less fair .
the education system forced you to read game of thrones
she 's still faster than 95 of wmma fighters .
something about your post gives me the sense you would have given the male fighters a bigger break in a fight like this despite your commentary on the fans .
i just read the book last week and ca n't believe that the stupid ahnold movie shares the same name .
the difference on mine is staggering i 'm disgusted when i look at it .
thank god it 's about to expire and i can just go retake it .
i wore shorts and sandals to the fair today .
it 's nice if you have guests visiting who want to ride bikes with you but you do n't have enough bikes .
it 's not that they 've done it in two weeks they probably worked on them for years just did n't include them in the preview version because they were uncomplete or buggy or whatever .
just that it is pretty much everything you would want .
its all of the most popular components of the moment .
i disagree with the other person wd blue is a great drive its not the fastest because it should not need to be your ssd will hold your applications the hdd is just a cool quiet storage drive .
the invisible hand to begin with is mentioned only once in all of the wealth of nations .
it is the most misused and misunderstood concept in economics .
now in so far as the concept exists it only describes the unguided means by which economic incentives naturally cause the allocation of resources within a free marketplace .
this happens as individuals without consideration for the public good or for any overbearing plan invest their time money and effort into such ventures as promise to produce the highest yield .
on average this means that the wealth of the populace is being employed in the most efficient means possible as opposed to the inefficiency of an economy which has barriers in place to prevent competition or which tries to direct the financial flows a task which is generally considered entirely too arduous for any group of people to undertake in any effective manner .
the challenge of a good government is to set guidelines to ensure that that efficiency goes towards accomplishing the task that is agreed upon .
this basic goal is what is embodied by the night-watchman state i.e .
a state which is only concerned with protecting and enforcing agreements between various parties and protecting it 's citizenry .
ideally this means that if i want to sell a ratty old piece of shit car to you i am free to do so as long as i disclose everything that is wrong with the car .
however i am not able to sell you a ratty old piece of shit while making it out to be a brand new bmw .
without consumer protection legislation the latter would be encouraged in so far as the information costs would prohibit the average buyer from divining the true quality of the product being sold .
this whole thing then leads into a discussion of george a. akerlof 's a market for lemons '' and the breakdown of free markets when information costs become prohibitive etc .
they 're usually available around september but if you 're not getting it for the advent gig then they usually go on sale right after christmas .
it was n't until they supported hillary and needed to change their world views .
i still have this issue because i am struggling with my diet right now since i moved .
that wo n't work very well unless you 're prepared to spend a good chunk of change .
the problem is that leds are n't all exactly the same even from the same batch there will be differences in power consumption forward voltage etc .
some of the leds will be bright-ish and some wo n't be lit at all regardless of if they 're parallel or series .
dimmable high quality led arrays used in stuff like photography are expensive for that reason they have to check each led to make sure it matched all the other leds in each circuit .
a cheaper and more common way to dim '' leds is pulse width modulation turning the power on and off several times a second .
the only downside is they flicker '' with any movement .
you can usually figure it out on your own with just a bit of detective work .
you generally know the location that your organ came from and you really just have to look at news stories and obituaries .
my uncle had a double lung transplant in the 90s and the general consensus in the family is that his new lungs more than likely came from a 17 year old who wrecked his motorcycle .
we do n't know for sure but just going on what we do know that 's the logical assumption .
obviously for something like the original story they probably went through whatever organ donation program .
there was some good trading discussion on this guide and thread https www.reddit.com/r/blackdesertonline/comments/4vjbj1/complete_trade_guide that might be worth a look .
i-i-i 🙋 do n't choose👆👇👈👉 you because😏😏😏😖 this is a competition 💁🏁🏆 i need to challenge myseeeelf 💁💁💁 and all the girls 👩👧👩👧👩👧 say kenya ✌🗿 you need to speak skank 🌺🌼 with madame 👫 she speak spanish ™ i do n't care about thaaaaat 💁💁👌💋 ...
i choose madame 🎶💁 because okay 👌 madame speak 👅👅 more english than me🙊🙊🙊 that is a challenge 💪💪🔝 that you 🙌 can go 💃🚶 and kick ass💪💪💥💨♿ go girl 👧 move that 🚺🚥 it 's my time ⌚⏰ you know ⤴⤴💡
yeah ... there are some who abuse it but i do n't think its okay to say every 30 is a cheat there are ways to gain loads of xp without spoofing there are 100s of youtube videos on that topic alone .
but anyways you are right in a lot of ways in regards to spoofers as you say a fair amount just use it to bolster their arsenal and take gyms with their highest cp .
but as one of those people who live near or close to the middle of the desert i was shown the light so to speak as to why a spoof '' is n't the worst idea but if you are n't using properly it can cause an unbalance..true and true
no way man haha i do n't need validation from strangers on the internet haha
i have a d200 lying around as backup '' .
i 'm prepared to donate it to a family member if needed however .
only difference b/w deluxe and super deluxe is how many packs you get each week .
the makeup of those packs is the same though .
you have to escape the to get ¯ シ ¯ to work .
i 've never had my passengers id 'd but one of my daughters they were checking for gang affiliations '' .
there 's no reason to id the passengers on a traffic stop .
my point is that your best evidence comes from the people behind you .
the two 18 year olds may or may not make good witnesses under cross examination .
yu just completely fooled marisnick on both of those pitches .
this is a hole and it will taint you .
while you 're still impressionable go look for positive influences .
my freshman year 2001 was spent in constant crippling anxiety .
i kept to myself i would stare blankly and write dumb angsty poems in a notebook .
i would actually ask why in writing everything was the way it was .
numerous times i would randomly cry even around my peers .
there was a depressing emotional cycle constantly spinning in my head .
by then i had earned friends somehow and spent a lot of time listening to my minidisc player .
but i liked it it stabilized my mood when i could listen .
i started to realize that all the people i thought hated me actually did n't at all and it was all just quirks of their personalty .
they became fringe friends one of them introduced me to a mud that i still occasionally play on to this day lensmoor .
i made a promise to myself to be different this time .
i joined band i spent time around after school to establish more friendships .
about halfway through i wanted to experience love for the first time but failed miserably time and time again .
my social skills were severely handicapped and as hard as i tried could never repair them .
asked her shortly after about it and it was one of the most awkward moments in my life .
she did n't say yes or no mostly felt really uncomfortable and tried to hint at she was n't interested without hurting my feelings .
well again i was a social retard so this spun around in my brain agonizing me and i cried in the bathroom before furiously riding my bike up a steep ass hill to her house to demand a talk .
it was probably the creepiest thing i have ever done and i will never forget this low in my life .
she called her neighbor out who threatened to call the cops on me .
there was another girl one that i established a friendship with for another 6 years .
i do n't want to talk about her and we do n't talk anymore because i was constantly a cringy fuck .
i had learned from junior year and avoided throws of passion .
it went mostly smooth i mostly just anticipated finally being done with school .
i knew i could n't afford college so i did n't bother .
there is n't much to say here i will tell you that your senior year will also likely be the easiest .
i had come to terms with who i was and who i will likely never be .
i hope it was n't too big a slice of my life that i shared just now .
but that is a glimpse of what high school was like for me .
do n't make my mistakes and enjoy your youth .
is morphine still a medicine if you do n't have notable pain to medicate ?
it just bothered me when they did one of the specials and said that its been a year since ash and pikachu first met .
i think it 's going to be jon on the broken throne maybe with a ghost pelt on his cloak
pretty sure he is going to look even more depressed
i 've used and recommended linode for years and not once have i had so much as a minor annoyance .
if there is a right '' answer to op 's question i 'd say it is linode .
unfortunately your account does not have enough karma to submit things to r/videos at this time .
r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link and 10 comment karma .
we suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
lots of people have seen bladerunner but i 'll guarantee that 9 out of 10 people do n't know it 's based on a book written by phillip k dick .
hence my comment that most people would n't fully get the joke .
i had no service for a week and telstra did n't want to do anything about it other than sending out a new router .
emailed tio and telstra called me up two days later and said a technician would be out the next morning .
at the very least they can help you terminate a contract early .
please resubmit your post without psa in the title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/overwatch if you have any questions or concerns .
thank you so much that was a lovely message to receive .
it 's actually quite impressive the iron ore railway .
you would n't expect them to have something like that after being in nouakchott
i visited several others along the royal mile and in the new town a few weeks ago found those two to be the best options .
i still ca n't have a closet door open just a crack and preferably not open at all .
i 'd put locks on all of them but really you know it would keep the boogeyman from getting out .
he 's lasted all these years just living in closets
i guess you could drop mkhitaryan in the 10 slot and put rashford on the right but i do n't really know how effective rashford is out there .
the secret world does things like that they even have pretty awesome arg 's for new content updates and events .
ah well i had a good part time job at ups but it was n't paying enough for me to move out so i found a better job it might have paid better and had full time hours but it was soul crushing so i quit it which just led me into a deep depression i 've been trying to shake the past 3 months while also trying to find another job..
i know now it was thoughtful i was a single mom at the time and had anything happened to my car with my daughter i alone i would n't know what to do except call my dad .
but at the time i was a young single mom and totally disappointed .
so selfish for me to not realize the elders around me rallying to assist in raising my daughter .
then my brother gave me a grocery bag full of magazines .
i 'm still wondering who 's house he stole them from and if it was a joke or did he really think i 'd enjoy reading them .
i even shook them all out looking for money and lottery tickets .
the ibanez i feel would be better for that tuning since it 's baritone scale however the washburn gives a lot better features imo .
he has the worst dps of any attack hero .
he is a cqc character like every flanker reaper/tracer/genji .
i see naito now mixing his current heel persona with the ringwork of his 2011-2012 days .
it was fun for a while but there comes a point where it just gets old .
naito 's shown he can get it done on his own so no reason for him to have his stable mates interfere .
have to say omega has been the disappointment of 2016 .
the sky was the limit when he pinned nakamura and then won the ic title beating tanahashi but since then he has fallen so far down .
not as bad as naito 's decline from g1 winner to fale 's job boy but pretty bad .
i guess meng hao will either get 20 or unlimited steles .
it has been quite a while since i 've seen it but my gripe with most korean thrillers is that characters lose their temper so quickly and it always results in a room full of people yelling at each other .
i do n't know if that 's just the movies i 've seen or if it 's a cultural thing .
if i remember correctly mom had quite a bit of that and the first hour or so there was a lot of humor that did n't really work for me .
i was imagining we could talk in mod mail and have changes that we wanted to push as posts in the sub .
we could easily point people out to the subreddit if we wanted to help too .
also honestly i do n't think non-redditors would want to help what do you mean like a facebook group or something ?
you can choose a text that you read strictly for pleasure .
right now you have a text that you 're reading specifically to develop vocabulary and you wisely limit yourself to a certain amount of new vocabulary per day .
choose something else probably something narrative which you read without worrying about understanding every word .
enjoy it at whatever level of comprehension you have .
this provides reading practice a positive experience with the language and a better sense of the music of the language .
if you feel like you 're missing out you can always mark unfamiliar vocabulary as you read with the intention of someday going back to it and learning it .
i do n't know i have chores to do a book to finish oh well ok you talked me into it ... ..
i would n't go as far as saying it 's still fair as long as the low ranked players really are low ranked players .
heroes of the storms uses team aggregate matchmaking which means that if one team had rank 40 and rank 60 players it could match that by putting a rank 40 and 60 or 50 and 50 in the enemy team .
that however does n't guarantee a fair match in any way .
that 40 60 in team a might be in voice coms and the 60 is guiding the 40 while in the team b they might be separate soloques and the 40 is going without guidance possibly picking something like genji and effectively ruining the game .
people made a shitstorm because of that kind of matchmaking in hots and now it 's impossible to queue in ranked if there 's a big rank difference .
even if it was balanced properly it 's still going to make low quality games for rest of the participants as they have to hopelessly try to carry lowbies etc .
i 'm a firm believer that ranked should always be considered strictly serious format and make it so that you can only queue with similarly ranked people .
qp exists to accommodate group play with friends who want to have fun together .
just seems to be your internet not being good enough to connect to the game
ah have that many shows going they need a schedual .
the days of just the main crew in the one small office is gone and probably wo n't come back .
each member seems to have a million side projects going on .
i deleted it after 2 minutes of posting it .
i posted this as a joke i thought it was one of those surveys websites .
me and pan talked about the prospect of children in the future and it just made me love her more
if you want to some day join a team in that case you 'll be playing on every map and youll want to practice all the maps in the active duty pool .
however if your only goal is to rank up it 'd be best to just spend your time practicing 1 or two maps at a time instead of learning all of them .
if you want to just rank up you 'll have a head start if you chose the maps you 're already good at .
also even if you wanted to learn all the maps one thing you could do is focus on one map at a time for 1-2 weeks and then doing another map for the next 1-2 weeks and so on .
what i like to do with teammates who are hyper aggressive is i play off them by baiting .
i mean if they are willing to go ahead and go for the entries then you can learn to play off that get the trade kills and fall back or push forward and take the map control if you can .
one mistake some people do is they try to cover multiple roles at once for instance as a ct watching more than one entry point at a time while its actually far more effective to just only watch one .
for instance on dust 2 ct side if your a players are just rushing and dying an inexperienced player may just sit in site and try to watch long and cat while it 'd be best to stick to hold close cat for cat control or pit/blue bin at long for long control .
yes i would say for sure a better mouse can help .
for instance when i had a mouse of similar quality to yours i noticed when i flicked it actually couldnt detect the entire swipe and this problem wen away when i bought my logitech g400s .
now my opinion on the g400s is that its great its super comfortable and feels good to play with but i have never really used any other good mice personally .
some of the most popular mice out there are the zowie mice such as fk1 and ec2a logitech g400s used to be pretty popular but is kind of being left behind for other mice nowadays and the razer deathadder is super popular right now .
as far as the zowie mice go people say they have really good sensors but a lot of people report the sensors just dying after 1-2 years and needing to buy a new mouse .
the deathadder is one of the most common mice people are using out there but is supposed to be pretty big and uncomfortable for people with small hands and razer mice are known to come with some really annoying software .
for further information you can find lots of forums on google about people comparing these mice .
but even if you dont notice any problems with your mouse now id say you 'd still definitely notice a nice improvement after buying one of the mice i mentioned above .
i was up in to last feb and tried to make it to your place but i was out the night before and could drag my ass there .
i have a couple millionaires in my family and some friends that are as well .
the younger ones seem to be flashy cars vacations facebook and instagram blown up with pics of living the life .
i 've noticed that they drink a lot and secretly take meds for anxiety and stuff .
if you saw them at the hardware store you would n't know they have money .
while the younger ones seem to get a new car every year the older ones are driving vehicles that are 5-10 years old .
i also know that the younger crowd has to work to live the lifestyle they currently live while the older ones are retired and give zero fucks .
according to their help page https support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php ? ref=5406-wfzc-5519 yes .
all accounts in a user 's possession for any of the following activities will be suspended
steamguard detects different hardware setups so they can use that to ban all accounts i do n't think they ever put that in practice though
take a shower hit the weights get a clue big kevin nash
check what speed you 're climbing at the best rate of climb speeds for most of the spits are a lot lower then you would think .
its not a beard its a level 5 chin upgrade .
because in nearly all cases it charted higher than nearly all other songs off the album .
a very shitty watch that is probably worth 10 to 15 dollars .
no one would take a watch that shitty there 's no profit to be made selling it
it 's about the struggle about a immigrant trying to find a decent and respectable living in the us only to be met with bigotry and racism that drives them into the crime syndicate which they were assumed to be part of from the beginning .
granted it 's been a while since i played gta iv so my memory might be a bit fuzzy
his first name is very chantable at least haha .
with that and the headlock city '' chants throughout the match it got a lot of love for such an undercard match .
be hard to convince a huge company to change their branding for a jersey
i 'll add that they roll with the blow at the moment right before impact they 're ready to drop to the mat or spin around dramatically .
that also separates the good actors from the bad .
the best actors have impeccable timing the bad ones look like bollywood stuntmen who start flying before the fist hits .
that has yet to be determined there 's 3 official sexes male female and intersex .
there 's many many many different genders and identities which can be determined by the person in question people can identify as male or female with no problem so in my opinion the same courtesy should extend to anyone who 's in between the male-female binary of which there are a lot of people we have a full set of almost universally known gender neutral pronouns as well as male and female ones .
the problem comes with people who hate unjustly bigots who 're unwilling to accept people who are n't exactly like them if you do n't believe genderqueer identities exist good for you they 're not pixies that disappear if they 're not believed in they exist and there 's a decent amount of people who 're happier identifying with neither gender in life if you do n't like genderqueer identities then do n't identify as genderqueer and for the love of god do n't participate in micro-aggression like refusing to use the correct pronouns or dead-naming them or outing them publicly because that 's high-tier transphobia and is a terrible thing to do .
the bottom line is regardless of if you believe '' in genderqueer identities they exist and are recognized by more and more organizations every day be respectful use the right pronouns and names and be kind wherever possible when you 're transphobic you 're not on some kind of righteous reactionary crusade fighting against progress to uphold gender values '' or some shit you 're just shitting on other peoples happiness for the sake of fueling your own hatred and insecurities a legitimately terrible thing to do .
in my car on my way home from work a few hours ago ... i 'm an ugly worthless loser
i play on official server 1 and a primitive center server .
so i can have it totally unmodified or fully modded as far as official servers go .
your submission from usatoday.com has been automatically removed because it violates rule 4 use original reliable sources .
the website that you submitted usatoday.com is not allowed for one or more of the following reasons
it frequently quotes other sources in its content or is known to engage in content theft .
this could be because it 's a news blog tabloid or is known to be overly slanted .
it 's an opinion or blog section of a regular news website or the site is known to post opinion articles as fact .
if you 'd like you can review the article and resubmit from a better source .
if your article 's source is linked in the article you can try submitting from the original source .
for more information on rule 4 click here. https www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/nto101 wiki_rule_4.3a__use_original.2c_reliable_sources .
for a complete list of domains that are not allowed click here https www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/autoremoval .
if you 're new to r/nottheonion you may want to check out nto101 an introduction to r/nottheonion https www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/nto101 for more information on our rules and answers to frequently asked questions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nottheonion if you have any questions or concerns .
dimples are only noticeable the first time you meet someone or if you 've only seen pictures of someone you 're like oh they have dimples '' .
my ex has dimples and after a while i forgot she had them i would notice every once and a while but then it 's like meh .
actually there are more hearthstone players in the world than magic players according to wikipedia .
this is obviously a bit unreliable as it comes from number of accounts but seeing as hearthstone is many millions of players above magic i still think they probably have more players .
i thought it was worse than that i stand corrected .
he 's also had seasons of 5 and 17 games .
that represents 25 of his career the rest of it has been spent in the doldrums .
yeah gos seems pretty bad the lockdown has kept me really into it though .
it 's almost like when i first started watching ghost adventure i 've been excited to see what they find !
to other users posting on this thread and not to the submitter of this particular thread offering on price check and question threads is not allowed .
failure to abide by this rule may result in a temporary or permanent ban .
sharking is not tolerated here and any attempt made will result in a permanent ban .
please refer to our subreddit 's rules as well if you have any doubts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensivetrade if you have any questions or concerns .
a lot of console players are younger and more casual .
not many 12 year olds are out here buying/building pcs
is n't it interesting and worth exploring the reasons as to why women do n't seem to be wanting to run under the republican banner ?
the democrats do n't seem to have quite the same problem so maybe it 's nothing to do with a broken system ?
let 's not forget the filipinos in daly city .
this chart was last updated was on 08/07/2016 at 09:14am edt
there have been so ! any changed mind '' stories lately .
i actually did a little check in with my husband last night to make sure we were still on the same page .
never commissioned anything before but if it involves coloring it could take me almost a week to finish haha ... . lineart however is my friend .
have you ever found yourself using russian for something non-political like reading fantasy novels ?
i find that i am in the mood for seeing what the fabled ukrainian '' genre is up to .
would you ever do a live show where you got used by someone who wanted to utterly humiliate you ?
i 'm thinking dressing you up like a cute little slut making you crawl around on your hands and knees giving you to whole groups of guys to fuck you senseless and make you cum over and over again ...
asking because i totally want to be a part of something like that one day .
when you say gender locked you mean the pokemon requested will be either male or female ?
vanilla cards are the most likely to pass the test .
cards with special or unique effects require massive amounts of testing for example warsong commander would n't have needed to be nerfed yet if blizzard saw how op a deck built around warsong+grim patron was and made grim patron something like a 4/3 instead .
a very large percentage of cards that they test will be unfit for the game for example i 'm sure they 've looked at cards crazier than yogg-saron and said ok this ca n't work let 's scrap the idea for now '' .
complain if you want but we 've never had a neutral 3/2 taunt before and one of the few class card versions is out of standard already .
it 's a worthy addition to hearthstone even without a super crazy effect .
how did you transition from actuary to working at a hedge fund ?
what position did you get at the hedge fund ?
also since when is it only based on troops for 3 wars ?
they are going to need to finish that plotline at some point however .
given the context i 'd say they have a face tattoo .
as i said to someone else the whole trilogy is a masterpiece in my mind !
and i think the remake with the wii controls made it even better !
eventual it will have so many nested cancers that the amount of concentrated information will cause a miniature black hole and eat all but the largest of cancers like tod .
i guess its a good day to die hard .
i 'll be on in like an hour if you still need a hand .
one of the reason why i never ever look at the comment section .
i love how that book goes into the relationships between the warring generals .
hearing her verses on chance songs and mick jenkins songs were always like gems so having a full project from her was a great thing .
the other 20 were in high demand after that so there was no shortage of partners .
they 're basically forcing russia/china to invade the us at the first opportunity e.g. economic collapse and/or geological cataclysm
i believe this is the wrong sub that you posted it in .
campoli was at portage and main yesterday to talk about the heritage classic on behalf of the nhlpa and this is all i could think of
phew was feeling beyond under prepared for our new mutant overlords
the lockglyph theme is called mountain and no i did n't do anything it just worked .
if you have an control centre tweaks that 's probably why
if the allies lose without taking a it 's mainly due to poor coordination .
you need concentration attacks to get past the germans with smokes and a variety of rifles and smgs once you get to the wall .
doi and insurgency are games that you need tactical coordination to do really well on maps like dog red .
everyone running around like its call of duty leads to germans winning the round and holding a .
depends ... explain why i could get a reference 480 every single day in past month ?
and why most of the world have n't had a single non reference card sold .
surely those miner must be buying them straight from the factories so poor retailers do n't even get the chance to sell them .
being an evil character is n't the same as being the antagonist in your own story though .
you just seem to value your own viewpoint over anything and then declare it 's my fault that i do n't conform to your demands .
upvotes matter supposedly and i 've been upvoted above any of your comments so by your own standard you 're apparently wrong .
twitch chat is hilarious sometimes i still like johnline '' when rise reverse swept nv
bungie have already stated its a full sequel and not an expansion .
this is also shows why it was pushed back till 2017 .
bungie dropped last gen with roi as christopher barrett the director said in order for roi to be on last gen they would need to remove either tdb or how due to memory constraints .
probably confusion as to why hillary '' was proposing right wing policies .
who the hell asks what do you do in life '' wat
then some crime fighting then back to full penetration .
already has some stuff written in it but will definitely be using it for this game now
you may he thinking of a recent team that had an undefeated season but lost in the playoffs .
maybe it was new england a few years back i think .
hc is fun when i feel to play hc but most of the time i like core
dodgeball is one possibly my favourite over the top stupid comedies .
also the cornetto trilogy is just brilliance on all levels shaun of the dead hot fuzz the worlds end
and if you 're willing to undertake a three season telesion show go with titus .
a late 90s sitcom style written by comedian christopher titus based mainly on his life .
almost all the time the 0 mana silence card is just going to be better and you can still use it on your opponent 's minions .
i said a comment about common sense and they dislike common sense
still on the weightlifting side what is my best option .
got the diet somewhat going and cardio pratically every day .
hacking and releasing evidence of corruption versus the corruption in question ?
who else is binge watching her vlogs with her bf erik ?
happened to me once an old man wanted to switch seats to sit with his wife .
so i did turns out he was sitting next to a mother with her infant who did n't stop crying for the duration of the trip 2 hours
i 've been here 2 years with minimum chances for study also in an english bubble .
i can understand way more than when i came here since i did spend some time studying but since i stopped i 've been very stagnant .
it 's not a matter of being smart or not .
if you do n't put in the effort you do n't get the results .
i mean what is the point of a being a gold medal winner if you 're still just as much shark bait as us slobs ?
i 'm reminded of a saying they have in rio ... well we have it here in alberta they probably have it there too
you do n't have to be faster than the grizzly bear you just have to be faster than the slowest guy in your group when the grizzly bear attacks ''
when i click download on that first link nothing pops up .
i tried refreshing it restarting and the whole bit .
they do n't offer home delivery but at the pittsford location they do offer personal shopper/pick up services .
my boyfriend and i are a gay couple he was n't just tagging along with them haha .
i 'm also really glad they had that happen because it was a way to see peggy 's reaction to steve 's return .
that 's a moment i wanted so badly as a fan of the first avenger but realistically she would have at least heard by winter soldier .
let 's have a battle royale where every civ is red .
just mho but i got a slightly bad taste from your comment not because of your follow up explanations which are pretty noncontroversial but because of your initial phrasing .
i have a great so who is n't bothered by it .
i 'm perfectly happy with my low libido it does n't need to be fixed '' or medicated .
i absolutely understand what you mean but i have a great so who is n't bothered by it . ''
i 'm pretty sure you just meant i have a great so who just so happens to not be bothered by it '' .
but that can also be read as my so is great because he 's not bothered by my low libido '' .
for people with high libidos the latter reading of it could be seen as somewhat invalidating it 's kind of implying that you 're not a great so if you 're bothered by being sexually frustrated .
based on your further explanations i 'm pretty sure that 's not what you meant i just wanted to give some insight as to why your initial comment may have been downvoted .
man i wish shardless agent and baleful strix were modern legal blue midrangey decks would be so much better
hah i just want to see how close it is to the marshall sound d
imo its actually back to the state where it starts to be more creative than in 2015 .
2014-2015 was literally the same tunes from every artists again and again now everything sounds a little bit nicer again .
edit and dnb in generel is shifting even more into expirimental music see noisia 's current album all the halftime stuff getting big etc
edit repetitive robo farts will always have a place in a dj set for dnb .
3 so glad he 's back to full fitness .
asm nickname pockets '' and a support nickname hammerhead . ''
is it to late to submit my weigh in ?
i hope it counts ... also after a very bad week of binging and being hard on myself i still lost 2 lbs ! ! ! !
i was expecting to gain back the weight from the last week .
i am so thankful for my body and the progress i am making .
that 's the day i realised she no longer loved him the split up within a year .
i have kept a few items ... but i always run out of vault space on a pre-update .
my son is more the kind who will give you attitude and sass all day long and maybe stick a finger in your face which i really dislike and he knows that before he 'd actually hit somebody who had n't hit him first thank goodness .
the one time he did assault somebody it was a friend of his at school .
something had stressed him out to the point that he went over to his girlfriend '' and since this is a stim activity that calms him down pulled out a few of her very long hairs to chew on .
naturally she did n't like this and he got in trouble for it .
he got upset about getting in trouble so he punched a kid in the stomach .
that got him sent to the principal 's office and suspended for the rest of that school day it was the afternoon recess right after lunch when he pulled this stunt so around 1pmish as well as the entire next day .
when i picked him up he knew he was in deep shit .
he spent the rest of the afternoon until dinner time around 5 grounded to his room and the next day not only did he have to do all the work his teachers had sent home with him but i made him write letters of apology to his girlfriend '' the kid he punched his homeroom teacher and the school principal .
that 's not to say he has n't had meltdowns at school but he knows he better not punch kick etc anybody or he 's going to get it .
in my experience i 've only seen it really used on builds for sneaky parries .
the people i saw with it most often were those going for fume gs or ga hornet builds .
they play around for a while with it unequipped then switch to it for a fast parry/riposte-of-death bait'n'switch .
every day is a horrible day to be gary zysmen .
after his wife left him and took the kids he got depressed and eventually ended up where so many in his situation do a four year residency program in psychiatry at a small hospital in utica .
currently none and we 'll probably never get one .
if we were to get one i 'd think tiradentes is the most notable one perhaps dumont could show up if tm does n't consider the wright brothers as the inventors of the plane in that case dumont could be actually a pretty solid servant since i guess this does qualify him for pioneer of the stars ?
if i were to consider my personal blood heritage i guess my distant german blood would make siegfried lore-wise the strongest servant i am related to gameplay-wise it 'd probably be brynhildr .
maybe it gives you a path specific ship and some specific suit upgrades at the start
there are blue scorpions in the desert near heartschild i forgot their names but they can summon more scorpions during battle .
i usually did my grinding on them by allowing one to live and call allies .
any of the dictatorships although its incredibly rare with how long the leader class can potentially live
you can do dungeons and group pvp just fine and the only build you lose to solo is firewall+meditate
as a 26 year old struggling with this part of my life this gives me hope .
a consultant sounds like someone who 's had enough of cats ' shit but still low key pines for the catty drama so still ca n't help but have one hand in the catnip jar .
i think it would be cool but not as something constantly used .
aaron 's run has been awesome and there 's a lot of fun inspiration they could take from it though .
if you can guide your soldiers to do something truly terrible kill children burn people alive..etc then you do gain more power in command .
most notably is the child soldiers in parts of africa that are ordered to kill mothers and fathers .
its almost a quid pro quo that the soldiers then are tied in shame to their commanders .
all the web servers running linux die in a fire world wide web ends .
never thought i 'd see a video by nou on this sub oh well
they only need to take them all away from us and add a few new ones .
they could also be more than colors now and add cool effects !
drs usually start paps in the us when you become sexually active or when you turn 21 .
i was wondering if some of the debt was parental plus loans too .
it 's pretty common for narcs to then tell their kids they owe but these loans are the parents ' debt .
op should ask for loan statements directly from lenders .
well it 's not so much about their age as it is about his money and her looks but ok .
in the english dub she is but i grew up with the mexican dub and while she was bratty i liked her enough that she was my favorite character for awhile .
i guess i kind of identified with her when i was a kid .
i have another logitech mouse m305 that i 'm using for a laptop and it works .
it 's not the streamers fault but the fact that there are mainstream skill-required champs in low elo and 99 of the players are terrible with them .
i 'd say these are lee nida and yasuo .
yasuo is special because he 's only terrible with me but when he 's against me it 's always good ...
i also hate to get these 3 in my team as a low elo player but to be honest far be it from me to ban any pre-pick of a teammate except if it 's yasuo .
i always ban yasuo for said reasons no matter what .
so yeah blame the losers who think they can pull off these champs not the streamers .
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
r/bestof u\/thedukeofreddit breaks down how media outlets distort stories to craft a narrative specifically regarding the gawker trial https np.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/4wlo5t/uthedukeofreddit_breaks_down_how_media_outlets
r/goodlongposts u\/thedukeofreddit responds to why peter thiel wants to topple gawker and elect donald trump 35 https np.reddit.com/r/goodlongposts/comments/4wmcjy/uthedukeofreddit_responds_to_why_peter_thiel
footer if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
there 's been a few more posts here with longer customer service waits on the phone but i 've had pretty good luck .
you should n't need tangerine to have a tfsa savings account that you can instantly transfer money out of though .
my problem with iggulden disclaimer i 've only read the caesar books is that he completely rearranges the history and changes it to suit his narrative and to make caesar seem more heroic and likeable .
i enjoyed reading them but they are n't historically accurate at all .
caesar was more of a father or uncle figure to brutus a generation older they were n't childhood friends .
the whole first book was about this childhood friendship that never happened .
the catiline conspiracy was foiled by cicero not caesar in fact it 's quite likely caesar was a conspirator .
this was a rome-shattering event and iggulden pretends caesar was the hero .
i do n't have a problem with minor changes to make a novel but with his books the inaccuracies are absolutely enormous .
what led you to believe that the bmw did not accept fault for the accident ?
the archery makes me want to play that samurai jack game where you train archery and slicing watermelons .
not only is he fine the sha hash was apparently just for a private document he was sending not intended for the public at all .
well we have recruitment so as a freshman i went through the process .
i went to each sorority house and talked to the girls in it .
you kind of get a feel for each of them and at the end of the day you rank them/they rank you .
on the sorority side of the spectrum we kind of already know which girls we want prior to rush we get a list of names and we find them on social media .
what some girls dont know is that they were already blacklisted before they even walked in the door .
after rush you learn about the rules of the sorority basic behavior expectations and watever else that particular sorority requires .
then if you have behaved well/done watever they require you take a test and qualify for initiation .
i did not get hazed if thats what you 're asking haha
i saw your comment and so went and put on the dollop via pocket cast .
the first thing that happens is that the presents joke around and then one of them goes to yell at his dog and says frickles '' the other host cracks up and says sounds like something a dermatologist would shout '' i cracked up so hard .
i am not op but thanks for the recommendation .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules .
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=rule+1+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/4wlooq/fireams_owning_and_useage_in_canadahow_would_a_uk .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
this game is becoming what i wanted elite dangerous to be at the start .
granted they 're working on it but still ... i can haz all of that now d
i made the mistake of contacting support and im gone.still getting one account reviewed though
watching canoe slalom i have to wonder how one gets into a sport like that .
just wanted to say this that being afraid of talking about the whole idea is n't any use .
making the idea an reality is the thing that matters .
the steam forums on nms are so incredibly toxic right now it 's a surprise people are still trying to communicate there .
the smells my vape will make is fruity hearing loss with a hint of earlobe scratch .
this does n't really have anything to do with the point u/beholdress was making .
your co-worker was n't calling her boss sexist she was saying that women are catty and emotional and not good bosses .
they missed an opportunity when they were in the bar should 've had harley yell at him for achieving the normal life where its revealed later she wanted that life too .
i 've seen that most people on the intial super-hate train never derail .
i was laughing at this theory just the other day .
having just watched this youtube video it makes a lot more sense also encourage watching the follow up video https youtu.be/gl8p16ye2yy ? list=plea05f393ec843d80 .
only thing i would say is that putting tonnes of emotive music in these films completely change them and make it harder to digest sceptically .
rather than letting their opinion/fact/story do the talking they use music so the viewer can emotionally identify/agree with the story .
the biggest counter argument to this is of course eye witness testimony which can appear to nullify such massive disputes .
but very rarely do you see people that question the validity of eye such witnesses testimony despite psychological studies that prove it is reliably unreliable .
he meticulously cleans his garage but then immediately burns a body in broad daylight in his backyard .
it was n't like he lived in a location where other people are n't nearby or had a fenced property to keep prying eyes away .
he would have had no idea who would walk over from the dassy property to see him or if one of his brothers or mother would come by in the golf cart to see him .
i 'd think that living where he did burning a body in his backyard would be the last way he would dispose of a body .
especially if he is so careful and meticulous with cleaning up blood .
people say that 's because his iq is low but it 's not low enough to be that stupid .
his sisters house is only a few yards away yet everyone believed this story .
they play games so they ca n't get kicked off the island .
not like united fans and other neutrals do n't enjoy watching hazard .
l'oreal used to make these little lip glosses in a plastic tube similar to the plastic tube for mac lip gloss that was perfectly tinted and kept your lips moisturized .
while we 're on this topic how you guys feel about institutional racism ?
for me it 's quite obvious that the justice system and police departments are racist .
he said he wants to lift 1.5x body weight .
he made absolutely no mention of not working back to that after an injury .
you 're taking his question so literal that is obviously has no real world application .
or that it 's great for those that do like it ?
have you ever noticed yourself being arbitrarily judgmental about anything else ?
so instead of arguing you just link other peoples comment 's to your safe space sub that consists of just you ?
okay i 'm just going to assume you 're full of shit then .
i 've saved your comment and i 'll definitely be using the notecard thing from now on !
if this is true in brings us up to the level of the yankees this year in terms of rebuilding through trades .
do n't trade these events for the hoopa and diancie you can get a lot more events for these
s/o fata who was easily the best player on team secret yesterday
they changed ssb 's hair to be a diffrent shade of blue so it can be different from trunks ' natural blue hair ?
please cross-post this to r/iamverybadass it 'd fit right in .
basically because the basis of the internet was written to use ascii characters which are only english character set .
there are some tricks to represent in the browser urls that have non-english characters but since dns servers still require ascii it 's not as simple as just adding international characters to domain names .
if continuum can let me do visual studio programming .
i 'll add you next time i 'm on .
solo queue has killed my rank so it 'll be nice to play with a group .
your post has been removed as it violates rule i from the sidebar .
please fix your verification and then send us a modmail once you have done so that way your post can be reapproved .
brilliant film and brilliant acting by o'connell and mehndolson .
the afl really shot brisbane by introducing gold coast queensland does not have enough afl supporters to financially maintain two teams .
the pronunciation was changed so nucular was an acceptable pronunciation because our president kept saying that and it was apparently embarrassing us to the ussr .
carlito would join the shining stars it makes sense since you know.. related and all..
mvp denied it but then again that happens all the time .
serious question now that levels are essentially irrelevant why should i care about my multiplier ?
only that he was getting serious with someone who was .
anyone can fall in love with someone in a relationship .
it 's very very different to truly accept that you will never be the only one .
hence i told op to very gently explain that to his friend to make sure his friend understands .
people do n't always think long term or about how they 're actions are actually going to effect their lives .
i realize that you do n't see it from my point of view .
and i could n't deal with the long term ramifications of being second to anyone .
which i realize is not what you believe will happen but on some level i am correct about it .
the representative most likely said their name and the location where they work at and told them info about a new plan .
it was not unsolicited since the customer gave the ok to add the new line and change the rate plan .
we ca n't do anything if the customer says no .
are you also going to tell me that when your mom calls you to ask you if you want a new shirt for free it 's unsolicited and shady ?
the customer can always opt-out from receiving calls from t-mobile as well .
bamboo plants can grow up to 36 inches in a day .
at one point i saw a report on the rules of conduct training dutch wardens got in anticipation of the norwegian prisoners ' arrival .
supposedly they had to learn how to knock and announce themselves politely in norwegian
which dialect is italian '' as in the one you would most likely learn taking a course ?
a-rod retires to spend time with his daughters yankees pay most ?
of the contract maybe alex plays the rest of the season or rest of the month to say bye to yankee fans .
almost all of his stats outside of volume stats are average or better .
i often wonder if vikings actually bother to look at how other nfl quarterbacks are playing in this day and age because this line of thinking is quite common among them .
he is very accurate on the short throws the vikings ask him to make and he does n't force bad throws and turn the ball over .
both admirable attributes and important skills for teddy to continue to have if he intends to improve as a passer .
the truth of the matter is that despite his accuracy and safety with the ball he is still below average in every meaningful metric both volume and efficiency .
yards per attempt 21st in the nfl in 2015 .
adjusted net yards per attempt any/a 29th in the nfl in 2015 .
how much of the above is on the ol/wr remains to be seen .
but the statement that his stats outside of volume stats are average or better not true .
there is a dating site yeschildfree or something it is in the sidebar but most people would advise him not to go to that sub people say it 's so toxic .
if you really think a national exchange and reducing barriers to entry '' will protect the american people from getting ripped off for our healthcare i hope you 're not an actual md .
for the beginning we 'll see these robots used largely for anesthetized patients where they do n't have to worry about that sort of thing .
this includes a wide range of complicated surgeries that are quite frankly better done by a robot than a human being .
also as that story about watson shows we 'll be using them quite a lot to help with diagnoses .
we might end up seeing general practitioners going out of style very soon .
for anything that requires nuance and dealing with potentially dangerous or unpredictable patients yeah we 're probably not going to see robots replacing doctors and nurses for that in the near future near '' being the operative word here it is of course an inevitability .
that being said once robots do replace humans in that area they will absolutely be superior to human beings in the same situation thanks to their ability to have possession of the full knowledge base of medical history at any given point in time as well as their unique ability to disregard their personal well-being in favor of aiding the patient .
i was just about to come here and try to figure out whether it was appropriate to post the announcement here or in the market board but you saved me the trouble d and fwiw we are very happy to ship across the ocean we do it all the time !
i 've still got a bunch of regular customers in france too .
there 's always bugs in an online multiplayer game in constant development .
there is simply no point where they are all gone .
i 've seen idiots do this with zip ties .
and with all the ties these folks put on how long will it take to add/replace one cable ?
the circlejerking must have had its intended effect because i 'm viewing fates worse and worse over the past few days
power boosts weapon triangle even if i want it to be neutral and sniper crit bonus .
also the characters while most are n't that good the ones that are good are godly .
oboro while i do n't know much about her what i do i really like niles is a beayutiful asshole and second best since shinon .
the awakening trio is an amazing group that i will admit i feel like they should get their own game to be the lords of .
setsuna while she is n't good is written quite well for a gimmick character she is a moron an treated like one by the rest of the cast .
arthur beruka and saizo i need some more time to get to fully like them but i suspect i will really like them
someone plz eli5 me what does this app do and what does 'freeze ' do ?
also best setup for dissident.should i always freeze apps or only when locked ?
i want to receive push notification as soon as they come and want downloading via appstore safari downloader plus in background .
please tell me what should be my setup for dissident app .
man i was so hyped whenever i saw him wearing the shiry and he looked like he really wanted to succeed .
i would recommend getting the sport cub s with safe .
it has a switch that will level the plane out if you lose control or panic which will help prevent crashing .
alot of people like the ft stuff but for beginners its not great .
the planes normally cant handle as much wind as a typical foam unless its one of the larger ft planes .
and can be harder to repair then a foam plane .
the foam can just be hot-glued back in place easily which is harder to do with the thin foam board .
so once you learn how to fly you may want to do a ft plane but to start you should stick with a foam plane .
i 'm not saying i 'm on their side but i understand why some people might have a guttural reaction to that .
if you have google chrome you could look up df youtube in the app part .
it helps get rid of thumbnails to the side and inside videos .
i 've been using it for a bit and it 's helped keep me from seeing leaks as much .
that said i wont speak up for it much as i 'm sure we are talking another 2 years or so before actual release .
plus walking around stations and the feedback you get even in this alpha stage is very immersive .
if froggen establishes residency he 'll be snapped almost instantly imo .
it 's the fact that he 'd take up an import slot that causes issues i believe .
for me i get anxiety and scared for no reason but if i feel safe such as when i 'm fooling around with my gf it just feels good .
he deleted his shit before i could remove it .
did anyone happen to capture his username so i can make sure it 's banned ?
i swear i 've seen your face on a pornhub ad before.. horny milfs ready for cock near you ''
already up 2-0 ... double the runs that we scored in the first 8 innings yesterday .
97 bottles of beer on the wall 97 bottles of beer you take one down pass it around 96 bottles of beer
did he say that or are you just basing that off of his play ?
genuinely curious because i always thought cooper was great .
i expected it to me much higher ... like add a zero to that .
and i was quoting dan dinh so i figured he had a good idea .
yeah because half the hype is wondering which of the dumpster teams are starting him .
him just randomly appearing in the league is only half of it .
your first step will be to remember not to spell it 'carlton ' .
that aside though it 's very different from highschool in large part because it 's a university .
your classes will have hundreds of different people in them and you might not have a single person in more than 2/3 of your classes .
what you make of it is up to you .
you could join a frat and be a clique guy on steroids .
you could join insertclubhere and be that kind of person .
you could do none of the above and make friends .
i 'm sure some people hate it but there 's always someone .
have a passive that increases your movement speed when chasing enemies and a short dash that goes off cooldown every couple seconds empowers your next auto deals damage to turrets and resets your auto !
every 3rd auto you deal a chunk of their maximum health as true damage !
your ultimate ability increases your attack damage makes you invisible when you roll and increases the movement speed from your passive !
you also have a knockback that serves as an auto reset but whatever .
side effects may include but are not limited to toxicity addiction to gosu montages vaynespotting syndrome the unnerving feeling of elo hell and constant death .
please uninstall if you experience one or more of these symptoms .
the same thing happened to me in gen 6 .
i love fennekin but i dislike delphox and the same is applying to litten here .
i 'm going with rowlet despite still like litten .
toss a ring on that and call it a day .
given a sphere-shaped tank with a volume of 2.5m^3 we can quickly determine that the radius of the sphere is 0.8419m and so the diameter must be 1.6838m .
here is the question when the tank is 70 filled how far up on a stick will the fluid be ?
reformulated how far up on the diameter measuring from the bottom is 70 of the sphere ?
i bought an asus vg248qe monitor and it was great except all colors seem to be sort of washed out with a yellowish tint which was especially noticeable with whites as they looked yellowish .
so i got a new monitor a benq xl2411z and it also has the same problem everything is too yellowish .
so i bought a new dvi-d cable and that does n't fix it .
now i do n't know if it 's like a graphics card problem or just bad monitors .
does anyone know of any 144hz monitors that have pure whites ?
i liked my acer s230hl althought it was only like a 100 dollar 60 hz 5 ms monitor .
the need for a chunksof int vector vector function comes up pretty often for me .
i just wonder why it is not included in the vector package by default ?
am i missing some very obvious way of combining existing functions to do the work for me ?
as i grew up i have come to realize that my parents are not good for me .
and in all these years i have been in denial and always defended them despite my friends telling me that they are abusive .
it 's really difficult to describe my situation because no one can relate nor can they understand .
i 've felt so alone and attempted to commit suicide due to many years of depression by living with them and when i asked them about their opinion they said commit suicide ?
people who do it should just die anyway since they 're so weak and useless .
i had a friend who was taken out of a nightclub and raped looking for support and advice that my parents could potentially offer they replied that it 's her fault for dressing that way and going into a night club she deserves it .
so she got what was coming for her . ''
tldr parents treat me like absolute shit overly controlling and literally hate everyone .
they have little to no friends and even their own relatives do n't enjoy their company .
i want to move out and potentially cut ties permanently but not sure how .
i am using 4 case fans and an h110m-a mobo by gigabyte .
so a storm came through earlier and knocked our power out for a matter of seconds .
right after this happened i restarted my pc then shutdown correctly and unplugged it .
after the storm passed by i start my pc and all of my games on both the battle.net launcher and my steam games were uninstalled for some reason .
should i be worried about my hdd or anything ?
my ssd which has my os on seems to be perfectly fine and nothing was removed off of it .
i do not know if anything else was loss i am in the process of checking other items just wanted to post on here asap as you guys know more than me .
edit well thanks for commenting and giving tips and advice .
i have used multiple programs now to check both my ssd and hdd and everything has said they are fine and without errors .
i 'm going to start reinstalling everything that i lost and continue checking other programs to make sure they are working fine .
i have three possible choices for buying a 12 '' macbook to replace my macbook air .
i am mainly using this for web browsing word docs and using it for rdp into my works network thats the main one otherwise id probably buy an ipad i want it to commute but am gon na buy a hub for home use and hook it up to my 32 '' monitor here .
so hello guys i have 110 to spend on some gaming gear and i want to get some good gear for that money .
i 'd like to get a keyboard mechanical is my preference a mouse a mousepad and a headset .
what are some cheap gaming gear you can recommend ?
what cheap keyboard mechanical mouse mousepad and headset you can recommend me ?
i was looking for a good ad attribute to use for assigning a user to a computer is there one that you could recommend that is safe to use ?
i would be using powershell to update the attribute most likely with a guid of the user
today i wanted to play csgo searching over 2 hours why my fps was limited to 72 no idea why ?
but come on dude it 's so obvious do n't be stupid it 's simply the authorized application '' from the windows store called xbox that is messing up ho !
i have to switch off game dvr option inside well it should be easy wait !
you dirty microsoft you want me to sign up with a microsoft account just to acces it ok fine !
i never asked you to reinstall these crappy apps with this au and now i ca n't uninstall it without following 245 step processus tutorial i guess if you want these apps installed here at least by respect do n't mess my stuff with them it was just a game but it could have been a profesional software ... im really tired of this shit after every update linux is more and more closer for me .
that should encourage me to switch and other people to a non-microsoft operating system excuse me krosoft-darling-sama-desu i mean windows as a service '' .
i recently been cleaning out some storage and found two old gpus plus an old i3 that i 'd like to give away to whomever may need them
if anyone wants an old i3 processor this one http www.newegg.com/product/product.aspx ? item=n82e16819115077 same applies i just do n't have a photo of it .
edit decided 'top voted comment ' after a day is a bad idea .
i 'll just pick people who have a good story/reason/need .
edit 2 just to clarify this wraps up at 5 pm eastern on 8/8/2016
i 've gotten a few comparisons over the few years i 've been producing .
i 've got a ways to go before i 'm even close to the legendary j dill but the influence is definitely there .
check me out on soundcloud and tell me if you see the similarities .
also follow me on ig if you like what you hear i post alot of behind the scenes .
can i put a picture of pikachu in my youtube video .
i want to have a man in a pikachoo costume hopping down a road .
the vid is not about pikachoo hopping down the road its about traveling to china .
i will show maps of china and was wanting to have this man in a costume hopping down the road .
am i violating copyright by showing a man in a pokemon costume hopping down a road to china ?
im trying to say pikachoo or any cartoon drawings are not the center of attention but do play a part in the funny aspect .
but i find that it is very difficult to use !
for example the access to the camera is impossible for the application camscanner '' the application sports tracker '' does not function ...
hello my friend asked me to do a hdd swap for his laptops because one had it 's hinges broken and was n't usable while the other one he could n't log into anymore .
the laptop swapping hdd had windows 8 installed while the hdd had windows 7 installed so i figured an iso via usb with win8 would do the trick .
well the screen wo n't boot up now i even switched the hdd back .
i 'm a little confused and was wondering if any of you knew what may have happened .
so i just decided to try out boldur for the first time today even though i 've had him unlocked since the first day i 've owned this game .
i like him and want to use him more but i 'm not sure if i could be playing him better .
i just learned about the hold your shield and attack so that you do the initial fast attack instead of the slower combo .
have yet to try it out i 'll probably do some testing in a bot match when i get home from work .
i usually build this http battlebornforum.com/pages/battleborn-helix-build-editor-boldur ? rows=1 1,1,1,1 1 1,0 1 1 in a match sometimes taking stunning blows instead of deft defender but now that i know i can repeatedly jab with my shield up i 'll probably keep deft defender on standard .
i 've heard that max health and damage reduction is better than health regen can somebody with experience testing the two concepts clarify ?
in fights i try to bouldurdash them into walls so i can stun them and take them down or at least make them retreat or if i feel like i 'm in too deep i use it as an escape and a way to get some extra sustain from the overshield .
i use axe toss pretty liberally until level 5 then i pretty much only use it to end fights or on fleeing targets rather than axe tossing into a boldurdash to start a fight since my axe explodes now .
also any tips on aiming boulderdash and axe toss ?
when i hit it 's glorious but i almost feel like it 's luck sometimes .
i did n't even notice any extra sustain on them until i almost completed the challenge and checked his lore .
for gear i 've been running a 0 cost shard generator with heal power flaw a blue health regen and i think purple shoulders .
i ca n't remember the exact stats on them at the moment but is that a pretty good set for him ?
kind of relates back into is regen better or worse than damage reduction .
after the update i 've heard that vapoeron is kinda weak rn .
i want to evolve my eevee into a vaporeon but im afraid ti might be really weak ...
hey so i 'm trying to decide if i should buy gta v for mp only played the story or overwatch i 'll be playing solo and i was told both games are pretty bad if i do n't have anybody to play with any thoughts ?
our seo tools are showing pretty high fluctuations in the rankings of our sites compared to last week some dropped as much as 20 .
it seems that many other seos from germany are having similar problems .
so i 've been into building and playing pc games for over 10 years now i built my first one when i was in middle school in anticipation of doom 3/half life 2 .
over the years what games have you guys built a rig for ?
i 've got an i7-3770k and gtx 970 in a little mini-itx case these days .
sometimes i love it and sometimes i find myself struggling to find graphically intense games that actually interest me ...
with the war nearing berlin constantly the german high command decides to move king george to argentina a highly sympathetic country that would gladly hide the nazi party .
along with him heavily drugged and covered with bandages a number of nazi leaders in various other disguises begin evacuating also .
taking several overloaded refugee trains to neutral france with faked papers the various fugitives hope to make their way to spain and evacuate on a u-boat or civilian merchant ship to argentina .
i 've been exploring different pagan and nature-based paths for about a year now and am getting hung up on the theistic aspects .
i abandoned christianity because i ca n't reconcile the idea of a god with my internal beliefs .
i 've always connect strongly to nature and so really liked the idea of a spiritual path around that but keep having the same problem just now with lots of gods and goddesses .
i 've been doing lots of research and am thinking that obod is best aligned with my needs but wanted to get some advice before i take the plunge and sign up for the course .
we 'd still have loads of options at cdm .
my main acc stârdust dragon got hacked or at least i can´t login into it right now .
atm i borrowed an account from a irl friend who stopped playing and i can use it .
i received my school schedule today and apparently i have school till 5 p.m 3 times a week and can´t work anymore in my part time job .
right now i decided to collect my towards my first car .
this will make it possible for me to go to school by car and then drive to my work from there on which isnt possible right now by bus..
i allready messeged a ton of boosting services but noone is hiring atm sadly..
i wanted to ask if you are interessted in a stream without a cam from p3 d1 which will be my goal to finally be able to boost for services .
i am a former master player and i think this will take 1-2 months if i can play on a regular basis .
i also plan on releasing a guide on lolking or privatly here for you .
my though´s are that i might offer duoq boosting with live coaching for dragons or doing coaching and replayes analysis in general if you are interessted and willing to help me out getting my 1. car .
beside that i plan as i said to stream and hopefully collect some bucks and just wanted to ask if you are willing to donate me some € for an informative stream .
since if not my next step would be boost this acc on dia and sell it and rinse and repeat that and hope it will work out .
and this will be my current account i will play on .
if interessted in coaching boosting etc pp just pm me pls or add me ingame .
i wish all of you a wonderfull day and a great week .
i live in finland and my budget is under 500e
do you prefer a 2 in 1 form factor good battery life or best specifications to your requirements for the money ?
good battery life is always a plus but performance is more important for me
school work so nothing too big but also gaming rocket league and cs go .
if you 're gaming leave blank if you put n/a above ... do you have certain games you want to play ?
any specific requirements such as good keyboard reliable business grade build quality touch-screen finger-print reader optical drive or good input devices keyboard/touchpad ?
leave any finishing thoughts here that you may feel are necessary and beneficial to the discussion .
my school said that your computer needs to be able to be turned on from a flash drive if i remember correct
★ karambit old 3d new 4th max fire and ice factory new
you can check floats here for anything im missing http csgo.exchange/id/76561198163108632
is there anywhere where i can watch the full days action uninterrupted as if i 'm watching it live ?
have mlg left up vod 's on twitch or can i find them on youtube somewhere ?
the first rather dubious shops have listed the rx 460 in stock .
the sapphire nitro comes at a hefty 159€ 148 freedom w/o tax and there is also a non-nitro from sapphire listed with 2gb at 129€ 123 .
both supposedly come without 6-pin so only pcie power draw and 75w .
my current alliance is n't working out so i 'm looking for a new home .
active player now but i 've got a kid on the way within the month and not sure how things will look after that .
wanting to grow my team but my experience is somewhat limited .
my husband finally felt the baby kicking and little boy is kicking like a champ
it 's been fascinating since this did n't happen with my first .
and i had a dream that i leaked a lot and when i woke up i found a huge wet spot on my shirt .
that 's all i can think of for now .
would you die from suffocation or atleast pass out before you died from being burned ?
would you still be alive at the point where all of your nerves are burnt what would you even feel after that point ?
turns out the sword of destiny is just another level 17 piece of crap i mean i know i 'm a little over-leveled for the quest but i feel like i deserve a better reward for 10 hours .
sold that shit off to the blacksmith the second i got back to velen .
seriously cd projekt red get your quest-reward system shit together .
i recently came back to wow cuz legion looks so great and i wanted to boost a character i 've never played before so i chose rogue .
now the question is what addons should i use for pve and pvp what do they do ?
and if you can share some macros and tips they would be highly appreciated .
as in every country had its own team consisting of only players from that country .
i took a look through otomate last night and found six more japanese vns that are confirmed for vita tv compatibility via their individual official website product information .
i tried 3 times to reset my password and for about an hour i received no reset mail .
after that i am asked to try again tomorrow .
it happened to me twice since i made my account .
please fix it or if you ca n't fix it at least notice me that your servers are just too busy to send me any reset mails so that i wo n't check my mail every minute just to see if any reset link arrived .
rubberbanding cant shoot anything dont see ppl before i die cant even take out my gun sometimes and it only happens in competitive .
which gpu should i go for g1 gaming r9 380 4gb or sapphire nitro r9 380 4gb ?
are there any dealbraking differences besides the price and clockspeed ?
i heard that sapphire has greater oc-ing capabilities ddunno about the gigabyte 's one ...
hey guys i love this community i was actually wishing for it before it became a thing !
i 'd like to give something back to you guys it 's not much but whatever !
i have a bowl i ca n't use its too big .
i like the idea of it going to someone toking up while playing no mans sky it 's a nice 25 dollar bowl .
post your best screenshot by 8/12/16 to this thread and i 'll pick a winner !
edit bumped the end date to 8/15/16 for pc players
my girlfriend and i are going on a 4 week trip to vietnam in february .
we 're currently looking for hotels in the different cities through hotels.com and agoda .
we are also looking for guided tours hiking biking diving snorkeling jungle tour boat tours etc etc .
it 's kind of a jungle to find prices for these tours i have found a site for tours in phu quoc but it does not state the price for the tours but it does mention that food is included .
does anyone else have problems filling up the novel by writing scenes inbetween important ones ?
like how do you come up/find inspiration to write the shitty scenes inbetween the awesome ones
not sure if i missed an explanation or not but does it get explained why the white whale disappeared on episode 17 when subaru was right in front of him ?
from today till the 13th dota 2 's main major tournament the international main event will be running at the key arena in seattle with a whopping 20,057,798 prize pool .
that means the winners take a nice cut of the 1st place prize 8,825,431 .
full prize breakdown can be found here http i.imgur.com/z0ullzk.png .
the opening ceremony will go live at 10:00 am pdt that 's 6:00 pm uk time .
time converter http www.thetimezoneconverter.com ? t=10:00 20am amp tz=seattle amp countdown http a.chronus.eu/176031c and shortly afterwards the games will begin with a bo3 match between og and mvp phoenix .
all the matches will be available on twitch youtube and steam in various languages .
also just like previous years there should be a newcomers stream for people new to the game but still want to watch .
edit does n't look like newb stream is active after all .
other streams like crowd streams and team pod streams can be found on the twitch ti page here https www.twitch.tv/team/dotati
there are 16 teams at this years international http i.imgur.com/lfv8sc5.png more info can be found here http www.dota2.com/international/teams .
the initial brackets can be found here screenshot http i.imgur.com/xnyjxyc.png or for a live updating one at the bottom of the page here http www.dota2.com/international/live .
as you can see the losers bracket teams go instantly into a brutal bo1 match meaning four teams will be eliminated on the first day .
the upper bracket teams on the other hand will be in bo3 matches and have some breathing room as the losers are n't eliminated straight away but are dropped to the lower bracket to get another chance at progressing .
the international 2016 site also has spoiler-free options full schedules as well as a full archive of vods/replays http www.dota2.com/international/overview
the all-star match will take place on august 10th https twitter.com/wykrhm/status/759250748429459456 ? s=09
get on dota2 and purchase the international battlepass which gives you access to a vast amount of cosmetic items fantasy predictions and weekly tournaments .
you can also level your battle pass up to get access to more items using real money or through in-game missions
the international is being covered on the following social networks .
i also highly recommend visiting the dota 2 subreddit r/dota2 for match threads/live reactions/megathreads and of course top tier memes .
if i 've missed out any other useful info pm me and i 'll add it to the post .
i 'm using linux and can not use powershell .
i am able to change the ip for a vm through the web portal by dissociating my public-ip from my network interface .
i want to reproduce that through the azure-cli but ca n't seem to get there .
azure login poses problem because i 'm using the command on a remote ssh machine my azure vm in fact .
logging in in a web browser which is what it prompts me to do is not possible since the ip adresses are different .
the process seems to require that both the command and the browser login are done on the same machine .
i 've always heard terran 1 and there is a clear split at 4min where terran one '' starts
is the first half from starcraft and the second half brood war 's music ?
so recently i have been having lots of bsod 's with my pc only over the last few weeks and its been really annoying ive tried loads of stuff from dialing back my oc switching gpu 's testing all my ram sticks singally in different slots etc .
only this morning i got a new error attempted to write to read only memory '' and after some googling it appears it could be drivers causing this in device manager i can not find any bust drivers anybody got any other ideas or know a good way to find faulty/old drivers fast and easy ?
the original bsod message the first 20ish times p was memory_management hence why i went as far to check each ram stick .
the ram is perfectly fine though and causes no issues in other computers .
item event i am offering any items you want mega stones evo stones ev boost br items etc and looking for shiny pokemon or event pokemon with their ribbons .
how did nobody ask and get it upvoted to the top .
i 'm late to the ama and it was like the giant elephant in the room .
i recently moved here from southern california so as one might expect my wet weather gear is virtually non-existent and i need to be changing that .
i see the list of shops in the sidebar and i will be making the rounds checking as many of them out as i can in the coming weeks .
if anyone has any recommendations on which shops keep a good selection of jackets and such in stock it would help me prioritize the list a bit .
i am in lower queen anne but i have no problem laying down some miles to get somewhere if it 's needed .
so i play gta 5 and been looking for a modded account and some guy offer me a player rank on 900 with 90 millions for some pics of me and my sister naked and i sent them and never got anything.. is there and honest guy out there willing to help kid me plz mzlatina510
this is to gauge interest regarding server smash and to see what the general consensus seems to be these days .
the results will be posted once it seems the majority of the community has given an answer .
i have taken breaks inbetween games and yet i still can not win 58 now from 62 .
i swear this game does n't want me to win .
i do everything and i still always fucking lose .
a lot of online references are old and do not take into consideration wod inflation .
how much should i look to sell it for ?
i am a software test lead for a small company and manage a small team of 5 manual testers .
i myself am from a purely manual testing background minus a small foray into excel macros which is entirely forgotten .
my team is integrated well into the development team so i have ideas of development concepts .
we 've just taken on our first automation tester who appears to have significant experience and is clearly very good at what he does by the feedback i 've received from the development lead and from his quick work uptake when he joined however i really have no idea how to manage him properly .
i do n't understand what work products should be required of an automation tester who he should be liaising with and by what metrics i should be judging his performance .
as a side note i am currently on maternity leave from work and he was hired about a month before i left .
i 'll be back in a few months time so if there is anything that i can study or read up on in the meantime hit me with it .
just want to say how awesome this weekends stream was of dockside dogs !
fantastically well played by everyone involved ca n't wait to see what the podcast comes out like .
as a quick side question to avoid making another thread i was wondering if you could elaborate on something during the deadlight scenario .
the medallion that the investigators acquired how did you envision it working in regards to the deadlight did it attract the deadlight ?
why was it heating up at some stages ? .
would be interested to know mechanically how you intended this to work as i plan on doing something similar .
i do n't normally have lucid dreams this is either the second or third one i 've had in my lifetime .
and i tend to forget my dreams rather quickly but because this was a lucid dream i remember it very clearly .
it was like scrolling through a magnification of a comic book page but there were light refractions like ones caused by waves in shallow waters at sandy beaches .
for some reason i even opened my eyes mid-dream looked at my room then closed my eyes and miraculously resumed the same imagery as if i was looking through a vr headset .
1 are n't we supposed to dream in grayscale ?
2 i 'm new to lucid dreams how did i manage to go off-sleep and back into the same dream ?
i 'm sorry if i sound incoherent but i found the experience quite disorienting .
i photoshopped a comic book page to show you what i saw imaginehaving zoomed into a similar page so much that you only saw parts of the entire thing floating around it .
i do n't remember eating or drinking anything that could poison me just some home made pasta for dinner and some coca cola and i 've never taken perception altering drugs in my life .
i own both an ipod nano and a samsung s4 .
and i had this crazy idea that it would be a cool idea to charge them from the same charger simultaneously .
so i took apart my charger and added some stuffs to charge both my devices at the same time .
and i finished the product of my sweat and toll .
and i was feeling really proud of myself that i have built something really useful .
so out of my idiocy as the final touches were complete i promptly plugged both my ipod and my phone and plugged in the charger .
as soon as the charger went inside the hole it promptly exploded in my hand .
and it took a month for me to recover .
i put a level 4 female metapod on gts and the message is pakulu-papito
i 've only been able to beat it once .
what usually happens is that he flies away turn really sharply comes straight at me guns blazing pass me and repeat .
i know i 'm supposed to get behind him and i 've tried all sorts of maneuvers .
but as he pass me by the time i 've turned around so has he .
and if i try to move as he approach he just realigns .
i know i should keep the speed in the blue zone to minimize turn radius .
but i feel there 's a trick i 'm missing that he uses to turn so quickly .
i 'm putting vertical thrusters to down and pitching up seems like that should make me turn quicker .
but that might be wrong because when i do get behind him it feels like he stays in my view longer if i thrust the same way i pitch .
i 'm also using a ps4 gamepad so i have to forego some of the 6-degrees-of-freedom .
on right stick i have thrusters up down left and right .
on left stick i have pitch and roll with jaw into roll enabled .
this got rather long so i 'm going to stop here .
after the 2nd round i had like 30-40 of the games crash on nepal with the following message the server closed unexpectedly anyone else have this ?
found myself alone at home for once decided to record my feminine voice to see how others find it .
i really do n't expect my femme voice to be passing yet since i 've not been practicing recently but looking for any feedback i may be able to get
i 've uploaded both my masculine and feminine voices for comparison read the rainbow passage for standardising instead of simply talking .
having a hard time picking between unholy dk and demon hunter for legion pvp .
im mainly looking to arena in 2s and sometimes 3s .
im hesitating to play unholy because i dont want to range and los stuff all day long a la ret pally in mop .
if i have to do this against certain comps only i can live with that .
does demon hunter damage compensate for its lack of survivability and squishiness ?
also i feel dh are a bit like rogues but with less controll/cc .
for example let 's say i wanted to buy 50 acres .
well the cheapest place would be someplace like wyoming .
problem is there are n't a lot of cs jobs in wyoming .
now i could move to the bay area where there is an ass load of cs jobs but the land is ungodly expensive .
so does anyone know of an area in the us that has a decent concentration of software development jobs but where land values are relatively still cheap enough to actually buy ?
i 'm not real computer savvy so i 'm not sure what to do here .
i got rid of a browser hijacking virus today using malwarebytes anti-malware and now whenever i restart my computer this error message pops up the module
make sure the binary is stored at the specified path or debug it to check for problems with the binary or dependent .dll files .
following the location i can see the eqrtion '' folder is there not even sure what eqrtion is but the .dll file is n't in the folder does n't come up in search either .
also i do n't think the file is important since the creation date is today around the time i got rid of the virus so i 'm not concerned with keeping it .
i just want the error pop-up gone any help would be greatly appreciated !
edit i tried cleaning the registry with ccleaner but the error still comes up .
like the pieces that you spun to shoot 2015 ekimu 's stud shooter ?
i am planning to make a project car an open wheeler kinda like a catherham or an atom since i dont have very much money it will be all from the junkyard except the chassis trans im asking this since i live in mexico and i need at least a chrash test
i want something cooler or more breathable than the gym shorts i wear .
i know this definitely does n't pertain to everyone but some people like to know what games the band is going to be at and what not .
most of the teams in the sec are developing policies that allow visiting bands to travel but not perform at halftime a trend that i hope does not continue for much longer .
due to the logistics of this just not making sense rather than the full 350 member band a 100 piece pep band will be traveling to georgia south carolina texas a m and most disheartening of all vanderbilt .
the full band will travel to battle at bristol the sec championship god willing and whatever bowl game we 're invited to .
the tennessee athletic department was very supportive of us and wished to send the entire band to all games but it was the decision of opposing athletic departments to not allow us to perform .
if this something you would like to see changed in the future please write to these schools and the sec .
we work very hard all year not getting to travel to the other schools is very saddening .
marching band has a place in college football and the sec is slowly trying to take that away
liu ming since he was young lived in a savage prison named savage island where the prisoners are n't controlled by any guard or security .
when the island sinks due to mysterious events only a handful of people survive – those survivors are then pursued by the government .
on the other hand two practitioners are worrying about what will happen to them because the young master that they were supposed to protect had died .
does anyone remember if the ultimate gohan dokkan fest in japan had a sale on dragon stones ?
many are going for less than 20 for a box of 20 at the moment .
la palina is known as a premium line so what 's the deal ?
so i had the idea to bring back the old alchemist .
where you had to do quests to gain the tokens to use the alchemist .
i mentioned this to my guildies and one of them got the idea to remake the tinkerer to give you challenges that you have to kill a certain amount of bosses/gods .
for example you go to the tinkerer and he tells you to go and kill 50 ent gods .
then after you would kill 50 ent gods a message in the chat box would pop up reminding you that you finished the challenge and then you could do the 2nd challenge of the day .
which would be harder for example kill 25 malphases .
and this would get harder and harder the more challenges you do .
as the old tinkerer had only 4 quests this one could have more quests to make the player always have something to do .
the prizes would very from each challenge the beginning challenges would give similar items to what the tinkerer gives right now transformation potions loot tier potions and loot drop potions .
while the harder challenges could drop potions fame and tokens for the alchemist .
the tokens would only be given to the player after they complete the hardest challenges .
when my guildies gave me the idea to change the tinkerer to give you challenges that you have to kill bosses so i got the idea that we could add another tab to our inventory .
this tab would show the current quest you have selected .
it would show a picture of the enemy that you have to kill .
the amount that you have to kill the enemy and a progress bar that which fills up for each kill you get on the certain enemy
this is how the tab could look like when you are looking in you inventory click me to view screen shot http prnt.sc/bw8kgo
this is a basic design i made in ms-paint in 5 mins how the tab could be layed out .
i think that this would be cool if deca games could add this into the game as this would give the players something to focus on while they are playing .
i want to briefly address blizzards game balance philosophy in particular how it is applied to hearthstone and what i believe a better philosophy is .
as stated by kripp musical chair balance is the idea that each class should 'get it 's turn ' at the top and by direct corollary each class must also have a turn as the 'big loser ' of the game .
in the case of hearthstone we can see this in the fall of priest and the surge of shaman thanks to wotog .
priest was quite strong in early era hearthstone and had a lot of high power cards in naxx and gvg but card quality for the class has consistently declined .
i hear that priest is still strong in wild and suspect it is entirely on the back of naxx and gvg cards .
shaman was definitely a big winner with the release of wotog and while the class struggled for a long time it is now one of the more prominent classes in the game .
even skipping over the fact that warrior has some of the best cards in classic and will more or less always have a share of the limelight the idea of buffing and nerfing classes into and out of prominence through the release of new cards is flawed .
for starters whenever you take a class out of the limelight you aggravate and potentially alienate players who favor that class in particular .
nerf mage into the ground and i 'd basically quit the game until the class recovered for example .
also this practice requires that you release more and more powerful cards to 'pull up ' the class which is in a bad spot and is now the 'chosen one ' to be brought into the spotlight causing a weapons race called power creep .
you end up with extremely powerful and even downright broken cards that become class and meta defining until they rotate from standard .
once those powerhouse cards rotate the class crashes back into the ground again .
and from the standpoint of wild the arms race just gets worse and worse .
eternal formats given the time and resources read cards turn into t1 otk wombo combo draw exodia or lose formats even without a musical chair balance philosophy in play
the better approach to game balance is to aim so that every class is playable in every set .
each class should have a top tier option or two as well as a few tier two options .
to accomplish this in hearthstone you first need to do a balance pass on the core sets ensuring that in a 'core set only ' environment each class has an equal power level .
from there in each set each class should have the same amount of additional power .
the net result of this if executed properly is every class is always playable .
yes from set to set the 1 to watch for will change balance is a complex monster and you ca n't stop the meta from shifting as players work out the most optimal strategies .
however you 'll never have a class be so 'trash tier ' as to be effectively impossible to reach legend rank with .
the class in last place should only be a few seconds behind the leader not hours and hours .
the recent weakness in priest in standard and the sudden surge of shaman thanks to wotog illustrates this .
better balance aims to leave all classes with t1 and t2 options and requires sweeping balance of the core sets to achieve as well as much more 'equal to all classes ' expansions .
anyone who knows me knows i bang on about the same handful of authors and one of them is janny wurts .
some of you might know her from the series she did with ray feist but to be honest those books are hamburger and she 's got a whole truckload of steak waiting for you .
the wars of light and shadow begin with the curse of the mistwraith '' this deceptively appears as a stock-standard 80s fantasy novel at first .
imma give you a brief rundown of the novel 's conceit and then we 'll get on to the meat of the post .
the world of athera is the setting for the novel and gods you should see the gorgeous world map http www.paravia.com/jannywurts/website/interactivemap/atheramap.html that the author has drawn and its a very realistic feeling place .
all the geography is correct and the worldbuilding feels spot on .
that is to say that their thoughts can become form .
they accidently dreamed up some nasty shit and these new life forms started wrecking everything .
so the lifeforce-as-god called ath gave the dragons a gift the paravians .
these were unicorns centaurs and elves and they understood the mysteries more than anyone else and they tried their best to destroy the aberrations but failed and decided to take off until it was safe again .
so they plucked a spaceship that was fleeing a worldwide armageddon from the heavens and charged the 7 men inside with securing the return of the paravians .
these 7 became the fellowship of seven wizards of unmatched power .
they did their best to destroy the rampaging drake-dreams and contained what they could n't destroy behind wards of containment .
also refugees from the armageddon the seven had fled i think that 's true but i ca n't say for sure there are some mysteries still left unanswered .
so the paravians made the seven comply with a compact .
the humans could settle on athera but they had to respect certain rules one of them being that the free wilds '' where the lifeforce of the planet 's magnetic leylines would renew the earth and keep everything in balance were to remain sacrosanct no cutting trees no digging roads no building houses .
if the humans ever did anything to disrupt the healing energies of the earth then the seven were to destroy humanity to a man .
on a world where humanity had been exiled from athera in ages past 2 half-brothers who are also princes whose kingdoms have been at war forever are born .
one lysaer was born with the innate gift of being able to create and use elemental light .
this brother fair charismatic and blonde also had an inborn gift bestowed to his family line by the seven this gift was always to seek justice no matter what .
the other arithon had the innate gift of being able to create and use elemental shadow .
his bloodline also had a gift the gift of compassion he also has the gift of foresight due to some crossing of bloodlines a while back .
through some nifty storytelling both brothers are exiled from this world and end up on a new planet where they accidently drink from a magic fountain which bestows upon them 500 extra years of life .
they then find a gate and end up back on athera .
the seven tell them that they have been prophesied to destroy the mistwraith that has encircled the planet cutting off sunlight for the past 500 years .
but in doing so the mistwraith is able to curse the half-brothers with undying enmity .
lysaer gifted with justice but twisted by the curse paints his brother as a demon and dubs him the spinner of darkness '' and starts a false religion that blames every fell deed on arithon 's head .
poor arithon who has mage training and is also a natural bard wants nothing to do with any part of the curse wanting instead to just chill and play music .
but his curse has twisted his sense of compassion and combined with his foresight he sees the future and is forced to feel the consequences of his actions and how they cause pain on innocents .
the first book ends with a massive battle in a forest with arithon and lysaer both driving warhosts before them lysaer wants to destroy his half-brother 's evil '' and arithon doing everything he can to ensure the people who are his subjects actually survive the conflict being outnumbered 8 to 1 .
the curse drives the brothers to unspeakable ends one seeks war and the other seeks peace but neither get what they want .
the series goes on for 10 more books and it is in short breathtakingly epic .
we all talk about world-conflict and most of use have used that storyline at least once in our campaigns .
what i almost never see are dms talking about how religious conflict drives their campaigns .
in these books its a false hyped-up doctrine that drives lysaer 's allies to want to help him destroy all sources of evil and sorcery '' .
the people are duped through a combination of lysaer 's seriously high charisma a 20 would be accurate a whole bunch of misinterpretation of events and motivations and a large populace who is willing to believe anyone who says they will be protected and then does things to show them that evil is all around them .
so what i 'd like to talk about what i 'd like to get a conversation going about is religious conflict .
how did you set this up and what was the result ?
simply a wilderness walk to lure some animals back to the colony for butchering .
he walked up to a muffalo with a box of corn offering it to the gargantuan creature .
the muffalo immediately responded and ate straight from his hand .
he and him had a bond well before they even met it seemed .
humbled by the creature 's friendliness he decided to tell the others at the colony that this muffalo was named sora and he shall not have a finger laid on him .
at first the others seemed resistant to the idea .
they proclaimed that he was simply too big that he would n't fit anywhere .
immanuil was severely disheartened but he remained vigilant in an effort to keep him around the colony .
after embroidering a bed made of alpaca wool immanuil took sora back to his room and began a strict training regimen .
sora was a brilliant animal by either his intelligence or his trainer 's grace with animals the two seemed inseparable within the week .
the next day immanuil made his case to the colony showcasing sora 's obedience and respect for the three other animals of the colony .
anfisa the husky poison the arctic wolf and colin the alpaca all seemed to get along perfect with the colony 's new furry friend .
months passed by what seemed like minutes with the two of them together .
it seemed like a regular morning on the day of the tragedy .
immanuil and sora went on an excursion to tame an ostrich far away from the colony .
it seemed immanuil 's grace with animals failed him when he needed it most as the ostrich attacked him viciously biting into his face and tearing into his chest .
immanuil 's daughter sparkles came to his rescue after being knocked down running as fast as she could to get him to the colony doctor lilith .
the treatments were many and ineffective as immanuil 's health deteriorated over the course of three days slowly wasting away in his bed next to sora .
sora was filled with a bloodthirsty rage as he broke down the doors containing him and rushed after lilith who was unaware of what happened .
swift strikes and deadly attacks were plenty for both sides but the attack ended with lilith still standing .
she was about to kill sora when sparkles returning from her dad 's bedroom demanded sora be spared .
sora was calmed and treated by sparkles while others prepared a sarcophagus for immanuil in his room as is tradition with the colony .
sora and the colony were in attendance when immanuil was laid to rest in his marble coffin .
his coffin read dearest friend to any creature human or furry immanuil black ''
the drawing etched below the statement was of immanuil holding a basket of corn taming a muffalo named sora .
sora sleeps next to his master every night even in death the two remain inseperable .
my dreams are pretty choppy because i 've been too lazy to write in my dream journal recently and my english is pretty bad i will try my best .
at the beginning of the dream i was at a grassy parking lot getting out of my car to go to in n out with my cousin and i looked up at the night sky and i was just about to say how beautiful all the star were but then i noticed these 3 slit like lights around the moon .
i started freaking out telling my cousin to get out her phone and start recording .
she was confused at first and asked why then i pointed at the moon and she was like ohfuck.jpeg .
then the moon exploded into the most beautiful thing ever it looked like a galaxy .
i 'm not much of a religious person but the next part i remember is me hanging out with some friends at night in a huge old blue school bus and i told them that i heard of a bunch of people ripping open the ground for satan so we ripped open the ground and that 's all i remember from that scene .
the next and final part i remember is me and some friends running down a sidewalk next to a lake .
we were trying to get to a safe house where some of our other friends were waiting for us .
once we got there we were all talking to each other and this random guy kept knocking on the door looking thing asking us we need to pay or get out of the hotel but this place was n't a hotel it was kind of like a bunker .
the interior did resemble a really nice hotel though p i remember i said ima go take a shower and then the dream finally ended and i woke up .
everything above this is in chronological order sry about the light detail i just wrote what stood out the most from what i could remember .
the dream was very long and had a lot going on and much more dialog then what i wrote i just wanted to write the gist of it all .
thx for reading and if you think the dream has a deeper meaning plz write it in the comments .
so my wife and i have recently entered a poly relationship with another hetero married couple .
however we are trying to jump an interesting hurdle .
we are all planning on at some point having sex with each other we are all bi .
with poke advisor down i still want to know iv 's im unsure how to read the tool you guys have for instance i checked my gyarados which i already know the iv is 93 from pokeadvisor .
i plugged in all the data and here is what i got imgur http i.imgur.com/dkflx87.png
i 've had a pretty nice strange professional pan for some time and i find it odd how i ca n't use it on the spy when the golden pan can i just seem to only use the classes that can use the pan cause i like it and i want to get more kills with it .
ddpers i just made my first dpp profile so let 's celebrate tonight i 'm interested in showing off my shiny new profile and playing any of the available prompts that i have listed before .
alternatively we could chat about my profile or anything listed in it and maybe mix a few of the prompts together and i always love talking kinks as well .
also i 'd love to see your shiny cute dppprofile is you have one p
its been lexi and insert your name here best friends.. only best friends..i
've told myself this over and over again just friends .
all the playful teasing and calling each other pet names it 's just friendly .
there 's no way we could have feelings for each other we 've been friends since 4th grade .
okay maybe we took each other to prom but that was because nobody asked either of us !
friends.. friends.. its the word that pounds into my head every time you 're around.your smile lights up the room for me anyway .
we help each other out whenever we can even at bars saying to the drunks to back off of my lover works every time .
it was the night of the year your birthday !
i wore my new red dress https s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/14/2c/ae/142cae1849993e30fa79ecb60d6aa5a9.jpg which you 've never seen before and clicked my black heels all the way out the door .
i made sure my brown hair with purple ends was curled to perfection readjusting my contacts in the car making my grey eyes sparkle in the moonlight .
i was ready for a night of partying with my..friend .
of course i came late i always come late .
i run out of the bar not able to be in there and start crying about to head home .
so tonight i am looking for another vanillia prompt !
i do prefer you being the best friend in this situation coming out and trying to figure out whats wrong but i do not mind if you 're someone else its not preferred but still .
either respond with a description of yourself or a continuation .
please be able to write at least two paragraphs or one really descriptive paragraph for your intro the rest can be either long or short .
seriously you have no idea how many people i have to like ask for their names so please include it as well !
my 7 month old lab mix does fine in the crate at my house .
i never had problems crating him from day 1 he 's never made a mess in it and does n't make a sound either he just likes to chill in there and take a nap he 's doing that right now while i 'm downstairs redditing working .
however when he 's at my parents ' house who watch him when i have to go out of town .
they have a crate for him in their bedroom and he whines and barks nonstop unless somebody is in the room with him .
i take him over there a couple times a week and feed him in his crate and he 's fine until he 's done eating then he just starts howling while we finish up our dinner .
i am trying everything to get him used to being in a crate there but nothing seems to be working .
they have to watch him again in a couple weeks as i have to go out of town for work and by then i want him to be able to be crated and not mind it .
i know it 's new surroundings for him but it should n't be that new he 's been over there several times and has spent a week there already .
i have been trying to switch my job for the past 6 months now but i 'm failing miserably .
i have my resume uploaded on all the job portals that i am aware of but have n't received a single call back .
i figured there must be something wrong with my resume and hence decided to get some feedback on it .
some friends and i are moving into a house this september and are looking into internet plans .
we 've all heard the horror stories from comcast and at t so are there any good alternatives ?
and if not are there any safer plans to get with the aforemementioned isps ?
i killed 2 king black dragons which were once the biggest meanest dragons around .
i killed the king black dragon which was once the biggest meanest dragon around .
fyi for anyone who has written a tool for inventory management indexing etc. ggg has made at least one core change to the item json data in 2.4 that will break all parsing as seen in this thread https www.pathofexile.com/forum/view-thread/1709716
this means all regular expressions will need to be changed with the 2.4 release in order to properly detect values .
instead of something like d d you will need to use d to d .
there is only the physical damage set in the example thread .
hopefully ggg will give us some more information to confirm whether or not this will apply to every instance of or just explicitmods etc .
alright so the titans moved the scrimmage to tonight so today 's practice is at nissan stadium .
same deal as last time it 's open to the public parking is free at nissan stadium and season ticket holders can sit in the club level .
times are different than last time though it looks like gates open at 5:30 warm-ups start at 6:30 and practice starts at 7:00 and ends at 9:00 .
i do n't know but i would assume that player autographs are happening before the scrimmage again .
i got a pretty great seat and i 'm ready to watch a scrimmage .
oh hey they are having scoring in this game .
no kendall wright brice mccain nate palmer kevin dodd or andy gallik .
tried to start a periscope told me my connection was too poor .
defensive lineman mike smith just sang the national anthem .
exactly as you would imagine first play is a 1 yard run from murray .
sharpe beat blake on a curl on 3rd and 9 for a 1st down .
jurrell casey just destroyed murray for a 1 yard loss .
woodyard gets a hand on mariotas pass to sharpe .
mariota had all the time in the world could n't find anyone hit murray for 2 yards .
mariota ca n't find anyone runs for the first .
im only gon na mention highlights for anything other than first team .
cassel to douglas on a slant to pick up 3rd and 7 .
hunter with a very nice leaping catch away from his body .
henry 's first run goes for 1 yard second goes for 10 third goes for 3 .
tretola is gon na take spains spot ... . damn ...
i 'll give cassel the benefit of the doubt and blame the udfa c .
david cobb and dh both in on the same play ... hmm ... .
probably would have been a sack on tanney though .
cobb motions out of backfield catches out route from tanney to convert 3rd and 6 .
defense roughs the passer get it on the 6 .
offense takes a field goal at the 2 yard line .
sharpe has been taking all kicks and punts so far .
a fan is about to call a play for the first team o .
i lied he 's just not doing fg 's .
you can tell he 's working on kicking it right at the line of the end zone .
i 'm not writing off mcbride like many others .
mccourty times hit on dgb perfectly dgb manages to hold on .
next play dgb catches it mccourty punches it out david bass intercepts .
think he thought supernaw was gon na catch it .
hunter with a good catch on 3rd and long to get it to 4th and 1 .
needs to be more aware to get the first .
sharpe almost had an incredible catch over cody riggs .
this offensive line is opening up some big holes .
td dh but called back for holding on ben jones .
could n't connect to reddit servers for some reason .
great 2-minute drill for offense against 2nd team defense .
4th and a long 2 with 1:26 to go for offense .
looked like avery did n't even have to try .
aj with a hell of a catch over spence for the long td .
until the last drive the first offense looked very uninspiring .
mariota did n't do much till that last drive .
from what i saw these players stood out sharpe dh aj matthews jmac tretola casey mcbride riggs conklin cobb the first defense as a whole minus a few plays .
and would have liked to have seen more from these guys hunter spain lewan dgb all the qb 's antwaun woods .
i 'll answer any questions when i get home .
also does anyone have any recommendations for good djs ! !
i recently fell in love with space jesus and am obviously a huge nectar fan would love some similar sounding djs in my library !
i 've also heard aida64 gives info but i can find so little sensors compared to these 2 .
anyone know where i can find them on aida64 ?
why did field hockey never take off '' in canada .
it seems like a good fit for us indoors physical it 's hockey global sport ?
first of all i do not believe i am as good as the youtuber and streamer stylosa .
not that he 's a pro i just enjoy his content
i 've been watching his videos for months and trying to get better on my own .
i enjoy soldier and he plays a lot of soldier as well so i thought i would get statistical on overbuff .
comparison of our soldier play on quickplay http imgur.com/aijazjh .
as you can see we are very very close in a lot of areas .
he crushes me on quick rank and quick score and i 'm not sure why .
sylosa is a competitive guy and i believe he tries basically his best even in quickplay .
at the very least he does n't want to lose .
this tells me that we are n't worlds apart in mechanical skill playing soldier .
he certainly is better then me in most categories but not like worlds and worlds apart .
i believe i need to work on consistent head shots a bit more .
what 's the reason i 'm a peak 46 player do n't play a ton of competitive so i could maybe possibly get into the 50s while stylosa is a 71 ?
it 's the fact that he often played with a full team of other competent people .
the degree of difficulty playing solo to break out of the lower ranks is so much steeper .
i 'm not pro but i 'm also competent .
i 'm not convinced these ranks are a very good representation of players skill when i could play just as good as stylosa and still be 30 ranks lower .
ps i know this is a team game and that 's a big part of success .
i 'm not begrudging people who play with a group of skilled friends .
it 's a bummer that the system does n't really have a way of recognizing people who do n't suck but are n't high ranked cause they solo .
pps if you look at my stats and see an area i should be improving def let me know .
so i recently got into the tv show turn george washington 's spies and i found it to be a great show .
this led me to read up on who the characters were and their history .
can anyone recommend any good books regarding the revolutionary war ?
for the past two weeks i 've been getting 60 fps although i got my fps on uncapped and its usually 300 .
now whenever i change it to anything else its still stuck on 60 .
i was wondering if anyone has a similar problem because it 's been making my games much less smooth than they usually are graphics and movement wise .
oh and i have windows 10 with the last updates .
a fair while ago fitbit alluded that there 's going to be new trackers with additional sensors over what e.g .
it was n't specified what sort but i 'd figure at least skin temperature and humidity sensors .
beyond those recent fancy watches there has n't even been a single decent rumor about new stuff .
well i 've had shit luck with women in the past but i want to take that era as something to learn from and move on .
my previous venture to connect with a prospect failed horribly but i 've grown apathetic to the aftermath .
i think before i can fully start again there 's a lot of work to be done .
just some background info on me i 'm a 28 year old male asian guy that has no dating experience .
i have friends both male and female and would like to say i 'm generally a nice guy .
i am a big fan of the nerd culture video games comic books tv shows and movies and science fiction .
my love life can be summed up as a surprise slap in the face every 6 months because it 's something i should anticipate by now but i 'm so skeptical a girl may like me i always think it 's a practical joke most of the time .
my venues to meet women are limited but it 's also ironic .
i live in a mid size college town but it 's main bread-and-butter of events is drinking at the bars .
i have nothing against that but it 's not my thing and when you 're intoxicated i ca n't always tell if someone 's personality is manifested from what they 're feeling at the moment or if it 's their true self .
and also they may not remember anything from the night before .
coffee shops and other social areas seem to be my only choice to meet people but i still believe cold approaches to women are at a high difficulty level for me .
i 'm getting better at reading body language but i do respect that not every girl will be into a random guy trying to talk to them .
they will either view it as a comical act and play along with a laugh authentically .
or they will cringe scowl at the guy 's attempt to pick them up and walk sternly away from them .
flirting i am clueless when it comes to relaying flirtatious signs to girls .
example i used a practical joke as a huge explosion of fireworks to a girl i was flirting with her but to my dismay she did n't notice it .
maybe i have to be more direct ... . and also when a girl is flirting with me my over-analytical side goes into overdrive mode and starts questioning if these signs are real or if i 'm just imagining that they are flirting with me .
confidence cold approaches and just approaches in general to women seem terrifying .
i have opportunities present themselves to me sometimes but it 's never the right time or place to do this .
first class ticket to the friend zone-it seems every girl i am interested in at first starts to get me settled in this area despite my attempts to climb out .
i am still researching for ways to stay out of this zone and have a fighting chance to connect with girls that are open to something more if things get better .
conversational skills-i have been researching how to get better at talking to girls but it needs work .
plus when i do get things going i have a tough time keeping their interest and not boring them to death .
wardrobe-i usually wear joke shirts or nerdy clothing because it 's what i 'm comfortable in .
again i 'm aware that women find this repulsive most of the time so i 'm looking to slightly alter that to be more appealing .
i want to stay true to who i am but i am aware not every girl will go for that .
they want an alpha male that will take charge lead with victory and never back down from challenge .
i can maybe summon a godly amount of confidence every once in a while but it is draining on me probably because i 'm dominantly an introvert .
so it boils down to me almost having to choose between being the real '' me that loves specific things vs. a more cold calculated and confident guy that takes what he wants without disregard in order to maximize his chances of success .
i want all the answers i can get on this post .
if it 's a comment i do n't agree with i 'll give commentary on why i do n't see it your way but i 'll respect you your opinion .
so i want to be able to play games like merchant and mobiusff while i 'm at my desk at work but ca n't always be looking at my phone .
are there any browser based emulators that i 'd be able to load these onto ?
or if anyone has any better ideas i 'd be all ears .
so this friday i 'm going to be ordering my smd lunar solo and i just wanted to see if there were anything else people could suggest to my list or critique before the day comes that i order everything .
i 'm open to all suggestions and all advice is appreciated thank you !
so i have the main game and i 'm about 20 hours in .
my question is do i get any benefits when i buy the addons ?
because i know there are new crafting mechanics etc .
or do i just have this advantages in the dlc zone ?
the winner of r/anime 's 2016 best antagonist contest is ...
all 12 or so d. gray man fans https www.reddit.com/r/anime/comments/4waayu/spoilers_best_antagonist_contest_round_7_all/d65cbob
huge thanks to all the great admins who helped out especially u/chariotwheel who did twice as much work as me !
nominations elimination group a group b group c group d all groups
i am thinking of taking the greyhound bus from seattle that has an arrival time of around 2am at pacific central station .
i was wondering will there be cabs at the station around that time ?
or will i have to take the night bus back to ubc ?
ever since i re jailbroke my iphone today i 've been getting this error each time i visit websites like google and youtube also affects the app .
as title says it 's not wanting to read anything and it is n't the console itself .
when i tried putting a movie in it immediately kicked me out saying it is n't updated or installed .
so i uninstalled the app then reinstalled it and still the problem persists with the same message as before not updated or installed .
non examples like using australian examples as there are no canadian ones for you to pull from ... clearly ... .
you summed up why i liked it so much .
basically from the second they leave their village there was a feeling of dread constantly for me .
that 's my favorite aspect of horror it had such great atmosphere and because they were so restrained it was able to build without being cheaply depleted by a loud bird jump scare or something .
we belong to the wealthiest americans and foreign interests and they 're predominantly jewish .
you 'll have to convince the elite that israel is a lot cause and after the holocaust that is not going to happen .
you 're talking about convincing people whose families died in genocide that they should n't do everything they can to protect a state which they believe will protect their ethnicity from future genocide .
this is a major undertaking when we ca n't even get people to admit that israel does on occasion like america commit war crimes and has a vested military/business interest in continuing to inflame extremists .
he also had 3 tickets under his name ordered one online and purchased two on thursday .
we got our tickets no problem but all three of us were there not sure if that matters .
it 's just as bad for you as soda ! !
it was definitely not a feature in vanilla morrowind .
i think they fixed it in the tribunal expansion but i 'm not 100 sure on that .
at any rate there was definitely at the very least a mod that did the same thing .
please take the eyebrow pencil you used and draw yourself a hairline .
keep voting for corrupt bought establishment politicians if you want .
but i and several others in this country are tired of it .
we value transparency honesty and a president that puts america 's interests first and foremost .
obama had it right when he said that hillary will say anything to get elected .
her entire life is nothing more than pandering to public opinion polls and selling america for personal gain .
a wise sailor once proclaimed i 've had all i can stand and i ca n't stands no more ! ''
i think at least 55 of america feels that way today .
it 's time to stop pandering and being a nation of pussies to paraphrase clint eastwood .
we will no longer surrender this country or its people to the false song of globalism !
well i 'm assuming that at that point in the game they ca n't afford to hold back a second and wait out the blademails they have to deal damage right now .
even more problematic if two blademails are enough to cause her to turn back .
the uploader has not made this video available in your country .
because americans do n't have enough reasons already to feel bad lately .
is that actually him ... . no it ca n't be .
it has to be a very small breasted woman ...
bioshock 2 was came with a vinyl edition of it 's score and a full sized hardbound art book not one of those crappy a5 things .
i upvoted you but now i made it neutral because i do n't appreciate being called names when you ca n't prove your point .
stoppage time it 's added to the end of the match
it 's possible but there 's no way to tell until you get there !
complaining about having to so the oh so colossal task of zooming in and dragging his finger to read .
if you 're using the config.ini file then just have them
i think it 's because you put leafy '' in the title ...
geez you have my buddies cats twin we call her fatty .
i went to an avenue q show with my wife and her coworker-friend ... and her 11 year old daughter .
we had that normal before show conversation though where the girl 's age was revealed about 2 minutes before the lights went down .
my wife got the wide eyed look real quick and said you know i think this is an adult show . ''
the friend said she knew and her daughter was wise for her age . ''
so to prove this she stayed through the whole show as her daughter squirmed and even turned around as if avoiding looking would guard against the cursing and adult language .
the mother pretended like it was a totally normal thing .
later my wife told me she had a bible at her desk and she was a strict baptist .
we think the only explanation is she did n't know how adult it was .
i 'll try it when i get home with another psu the same from a different pc .
i 'll be quite pleased if it turns out to be as simple as buying a new power supply although if it had died 4 months earlier i could have had it replaced .
i do n't do my hair myself i get it done professionally .
i guess i 'm really just curious what the process will be and how many times i 'll have to color it before i can just let my natural color grow back out .
if a local game store knew what it was doing it would n't try to buy it from you for 50 .
especially not if you had 20 of them since they 'd immediately assume bootlegs .
i 've been farming the war god shrine last floor the one with the fire lizard in act one .
granted i 'm using a water focused white mage but if i was going for fire seeds i 'd just switch over to the water shrine .
my last run put me over 300k on hard difficulty
saw you at the owned subsidiary of the dnc '' that place known as daily kos combating the nonsense recently .
i 'll have to trade tomorrow though as i 'm about to head off to bed .
literally nobody is coming for your guns you crazy fuckers .
every leftist friend i 've ever had a gun control debate with .
i did make a compilation of my stuff but it 's not being kept up-to-date yet .
the bolded titles are bestof according to either popularity or gilded or my discretion
the best ones though overall are the 'archive ' posts because of the amount of time/research put into it .
for example i think the 'list of confirmed conspiracies ' https www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/wiki/locc and 'mass surveillance news since 2010 are notable .
however even with that information the most important question is why ?
happy is not what i am looking for when i throw on my favourite band 's albums but strangely i feel happy listening to them .
as for a song i have to agree with what dimsdale said ... '' learning to fly '' .
they spend too much time on the internet to go to strip clubs but i do n't know if that 's any better .
since you 've cleared the stories by using the f2p jobs that we have right now i guess you do n't really need '' them at the moment .
i 've decided to pull a job because no matter what you get it will be better than the trio and unlike jp job pulls do n't duplicate .
pulling jobs now allows you to use it now investing in something better than the first trios at least before chapter 5 that is and also removing them from the job pull machine so you will have a slight better chance at getting the job you want cloud maybe ?
fps is solid 300 helps that i play on a low res
now that i think about it subaru is that type of fucker who does n't know what the dragonator is and ends up using it too early in the fight .
i was lucky enough to get a code and sign up but i did it with my cellphone .
does this website remember me via cookies based on being logged into my reddit account my email account but it never asked for a pw or something else ?
and then a rotating fun '' gamemode like deadly ground or krabers only
kate 's are walmart money center atm 's that use to be used to load money on bluebird/serve .
most have been shutdown and thus are not very viable methods for ms anymore .
efficiently end game assistants because wage increase after each training .
list of assistant from left to right column name workload art wage plan unlock req .
it 's quite consistent and you can get 25-25 status assistant with only wage of 250g
adblue is 2/3 purified water 1/3 urea which is lab produced pig piss you can buy at many larger gas stations lol
my first job was fixing vhs tapes at hollywood video i was a huge movie nerd 18 years ago and it was a great total shit job for a 14 year old to have .
i 'm sorry but your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required gender tags m f tg .
we need to have this so people know what they 're getting into when they click the links .
please include one and resubmit and you wo n't be bothered by this message again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/assholegonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
there are arguments that the italian banking crisis is caused by low growth and that the banks have n't as such engaged in risky speculation in properties or othet assets like he german and french banks had in the last banking crisis .
in any case the tools italy needs are tools to get growth back into the economy .
perhaps this is possible within the euro system but after 10 years of no growth i have my doubts .
germany seems to just want to close its eyes and hope for the best and then react with panic when the best does n't materialize .
i read something a while back about anxiety attacks and how to calm yourself down when you 're feeling like one is coming on .
they suggested reading something like a news article or an email from a friend or listening to music or a podcast you like basically anything to try and steer your mind off of the thing that 's causing you to panic .
i 've tried it a couple of times and it seems to work .
or they point to that flimsy ass site cinemascore .
i 'm a professional '' writer so do n't stress it .
i do n't have an interesting life but everything in life is interesting if you make it .
random example i was in the bathroom today and a grasshopper bounced against the window .
but how fucking amazing is it that this grasshopper can climb on vertical glass ?
i think 'pick and choose ' is a poor way to describe analyzing a text to determine its original intent .
i would rather say it is worth analyzing/studying a text in detail especially an ancient text from an entirely different culture from your own to determine what the context is and what its purpose is .
personally i think that coming to the conclusion that the purpose of genesis 1-2 is about 'history ' is almost certainly incorrect given its context and language .
it 's 50 for 5 years totally worth it since manufacturers still update service information which makes it onto there .
paper manuals fell out of fashion for a reason .
also first thing you need to do is replace that timing belt tensioner if you do n't have evidence of it being done before .
well it 's always high noon somewhere and i dont got'ta watch .
i 'm looking to do a language set of the pikas so i 'll take 7 codes please .
watch youtube videos listen to podcasts while i do chores or my go to of masturbation .
even the mayor from buffy had a kinder front than trump .
really looks like the townpeople from that call of cthulu game http imgur.com/cilhlep
i 'd probably be more interested if i could run them at more than 2fps .
but wind is explicit stated as being 3 specially good against sith or dark force users obi does n't give mace much to turn against him .
he '' bring the crowds in but his crappy attitude is a big turn off .
being sober is great and i really hope you decide to stay clean .
the first week is pretty difficult/boring especially because many of your friends will be encouraging you to use with them .
you 're probably gon na want to avoid being around people who use if you 're trying to be clean .
what i did was find a sober friend and we went camping/backpacking for 5 days with no drugs at all .
when we got back to town we saw all these people using after we were totally happy being sober .
you can defiantly still do everything and more you enjoyed doing while high .
on mobile i go for more direct and partial explanations .
a manufacturer has no reason to spec a 150a alternator unless the vehicle requires it a high power system will take from the alternator more than the manufacturer allotted for accessories almost every time .
he 's not transphobic he 's just not an idiot .
when you start letting people with dicks into the women 's bathroom because they say that 's how they feel it 's a slippery slope .
some perverted people could easily take advantage of that .
is it really all that much of a sacrifice for them to go into bathrooms that were biologically designed for them ?
seriously like you might feel that way but at least recognize it is abnormal remember that just means not normal it 's not being fuckin offensive it is literally abnormal just as it would be abnormal to be left handed .
it establishes if nothing else that he does n't gaf about human norms
i hope to god i remember slapsgiving in the morning .
i 'm not sure how much i 'd like something so acidic with my sticks but hey it 's something to try !
very few of the names there belong to people like that .
except the 14 class a war criminals enshrined there and the 1068 class b c war criminals .
and the fact is those names were enshrined secretly and years after all the other soldiers .
this means that the people who did it knew it would n't look good yet they did it anyway .
and yet those far-right japanese politicians went anyways despite condemnation by the japanese emperor himself .
if you have some problem with my words feel free to contradict the points i 've made .
i agree zven is better but even if dl was better ... well he is chinese do n't know if i would consider him western
you guys want to see what happens when a world-class boxer becomes a senator http imgur.com/u4daowv ?
oh they are the most qualified of people http newsinfo.inquirer.net/432811/pacquiao-ledesma-top-house-list-of-absentee-lawmakers .
i have n't even included what he thought of gay people .
looks nice i 'm also about to get an ig army as my very first
the hd4600 ca n't even play cs go on maximum settings at 1080 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=aechnikoz6s .
to get around 60fps this person had to lower everything to medium .
after all these years of attacks and bombings throughout most of pakistan i sometimes wonder how it still is a country poking its neighbors india and afghanistan comes to mind .
i do n't know how it works without res but with res it 's really simple to hide based on flair .
you say that as if immaturity is a completely bad thing .
i 've bought the season tickets six years in a row even though i 've lived some of that time in a different country .
and i 've gone to a match at least once a season every year of my life .
this 'll be the first year i wont go to a single game just because i despise the allams so much .
2 days ago i sat through 5-8 minutes of commercials and when it cut back to ping pong it missed a game point and half of another match
i did think this too but i still have concerns .
ah yes conservative post that 's going to be special lol .
yes of course who cares about circumstances it happened once somewhere by someone itz all muzlimz !
i know it is meant to be for medic kinda in the name but an all class rebreather would be so cool .
ccsettings for ios 8/9 http cydia.saurik.com/package/com.plipala.ccsettings.ios8 bigboss free tweaks more toggles for ios 8/9 controlcenter
type the name of a tweak or theme enclosed in double brackets tweak name and i 'll look it up for you .
the reason you go into a host family is not just to get b b but to experience the best of the culture .
you 're supposed to interact with them and they 're supposed to show you their country .
i feel you have two mufgs is it possible to put one inside the other then replicate them ?
i did n't know that you could click the tabs to sort them my bad .
it 's kind of surprising to hear that you 're having issues with combat despite owning smiths .
you should summon and wear some things that trivialize combat a lot .
edit sugar shields are n't really good at all unless they 're on a bandersnatch or stomping boots for 2 combats per day so i would recommend not summoning them and instead summoning a bunch of smiths stuff .
edit edit after skimming through your koldb page i see that your runs are typically over a thousand if not several thousand more turns than i 'd expect from someone just doing all of the main quests and nothing unnecessary .
i 'd recommend not doing the guild quest or whatever other sidequests you might be doing stick to the council quests and you should get through the run in 1000 turns .
they can increase their speed if they really wanted but they do n't because their schedules are dictated by someone else .
those ones are a little more circumstantial i agree but i still avoid bringing leper to them if possible .
siren not only has the chance to put him at the back making him useless for at least two turns but give him two turns to go mashed potato on your team .
he is the hero you want this to happen with the least unless you luck out and he goes to the back of siren 's formation but you 're still screwed out of having a beatstick for a long while whereas hellion/crusader can work their way back whilst doing damage .
templars as long as you give him a move resist so body slam/banish do nothing he 's probably alright here .
cyst you badly need peeps who can hit the back row .
i 've always felt iron swan a stunner is absolutely essential for controlling the stalk .
you could still put him in but again someone who can only hit the front two is risky .
cannon/necro this is mostly an issue with their later forms where they can pop out a general/bloodletter in the front row and render him fairly useless .
this is n't too bad if the rest of the team can hit the back rows but with the cannon in particular i am really nervy about bringing someone who ca n't get at the matchman if another attack misses .
he 's not terrible for this one but again crusader does bonus damage to unholy so .
it keeps coming back to the dual weaknesses of having no forward move and only hitting the front two ranks making him too much of a liability .
i 've been burnt badly bringing him to too many boss fights because they almost always have ways to either move back or shuffle your line-up .
if you are the creator of this comic you need to either include oc in the title or sign up for artist flair .
if you feel that it has been removed in error please message us http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcomics so that we may review it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/comics if you have any questions or concerns .
sounds like you need some dank memes so you can get away from your feefees .
and even moreso 'i have an opinion but i 'm too lazy to vote my vote wo n't make a difference ' but they sure will keep reposting those facebook posts about it..
and did n't understand what i was pleading to was a misdemeanor . ''
the system is not that you get to change your plea once you realize the consequences .
you 're supposed to know the consequences and make an informed decision .
that 's why you should discuss the situation with an attorney before making any plea .
if you had come here before doing that i guarantee you that would have been the advice .
you earn more gold than in hs for winning 3 games in duels .
having 3 quests over 24 hours would be pointless they would lower the gold of each quests .
you have to keep in mind this is a free game so if they give us all the gold we need there wo n't be any money for them .
i already think the game is more generous than hs considering gold and cards rewards .
i think it gets you dinner good booze a nice hotel room an about 500 in change .
i 'm curious because not even my tablet is only 9w .
your tablet has 9w tdp or something it does n't burn 9w continuously or the battery life brand new would be under 5h and you would barely be able to charge it and ipad charger is rated 10w so the battery charge would be 1w.h/h the tablet batteries are usually between 20 w.h and 40 w.h
yeah when you lose to a braum top and say your jungler is feeding with an even score and only 3 deaths the entire game you deserve silver just as much as the next guy .
wo n't be able to play before the 11th it has probably died down by that point .
i 'm anti-hillary but aq was not present in the toppling of ghaddafi .
we can argue about extremists which depending on the metric can be 60 of muslims and how hillary is a sjw-wrapped neocon wall street loving war hawk
its only been established in the last few years so it can by definition not be generic .
it sound like you are talking about the milgram experiment https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/milgram_experiment .
where it was tested how far people would go when intructed to by an authority figure .
the stanford prison experiment https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stanford_prison_experiment was a different kettle of fish and showed how quickly humans can come to see people as the other '' .
both very interesting when looking at the nazi 's .
he tried to obscure that by really driving home the populism but when you look at his actual views
he is n't much of a social conservative like those evangelicals .
and i do n't think he is racist or a sexist either .
my primary reason for supporting him would be that he prevents a few million new citizenships being given to people who are reliably going to vote democrat .
i 'd buy it as well and hope for cr rolls .
and cry a bit when all goes into flat hp att .
these were being sold on a stick with little faces for 5 each at a food festival i went to .
you have to also realize that the film you are watching is bad as well .
11 rolls in uberfest no ubers is this real uberfest ?
it lasts 5-15 minutes and i generally end up with a leg cramp .
the record for the 100m freestyle in standard competition is 46.91 which was set in 2009 in one of the supersuits .
the relay splits have the advantage of they are not timed off a start gun so reaction time is not factored in which is why you can only set an individual record if you are on the first split but 46.06 is unbelievable no matter how you look at it .
does the 2p 2card draw enhance the runaway leader issue though ?
oh and hey i thought the monsters were a part of the base game !
is it best to have a dps artifact and save all the points for healer at the level cap ?
not quite sure how it works but leveling as a healer sounds shitty
id love to see you run away from a nitro cell that had it 's velcro already taken off long before you even came and was able to hear it .
it is n't technically correct at all that 's why it was downvoted .
two weapons firing simultaneously will still be twice the number of rounds of a single weapon for the same amount of time .
stagger the firing and it will not matter if you have not changed the cyclic rate of the weapons .
neither you or the other guy understand how rate of fire works .
in my game ottomans ate austria too and actually westernized .
i had to step in as spain and put an end to the ottoman menace .
after a few years everyone started to dow ottos and eventually they lost everything .
i was legitimately worried but now i fee much better .
i just started posting my shot on reddit a few days ago and literally every single comment is bitching me out calling me a cheater .
and i just know that some of these assholes reported me .
i was just thinking that if enough people reported me i might be at risk .
i 'm pretty sure he usually uses a 60d or something like that
yeah i did n't know the exact model it just looked like a two-digit model from canon whenever i saw it .
i also remembered him talking about having an entry level three digits model too in a video where he talked about cameras .
i think he also has a 5d but that 's just way too big for everyday use .
yeah i miss it been using it for so many years .
not sure on a fix but i usually have my hand on the mouse and i 've gotten pretty quick with right clicking and selecting back
od ovih većih brijem da ti onda ostaju zaba i raiffaisen .
splitska sberbank i otp ali ne znam kakvi su s bankomatima .
apparently a small amount of ear wax on top of the drink will remove all head .
might make you feel better about having to serve it as well .
i think you do n't know how shotguns work in military use .
i mean if there is known to be armored hostiles in area of operations you do n't take a shotgun in that fight .
firstly shotgun pellets wo n't penetrate kevlar making center-mass hits ineffective .
secondly helmets and thick helmet visors like rooks or montagne 's are also very resistant against shotguns .
headshots would n't do much irl terrible headache but you would survive .
limb shots would be the most effective because they are rarely protected because of much needed maneuverability .
in law enforcement and military shotguns are mostly used against unarmored targets and for breaching purposes they are always considered as secondary or special weapons and a rifle or an smg is always chosen to be the go to weapon because of their stopping power and penetration capabilities .
please stop over gloryfying shotguns as godlike cqb weapons because they 're really not .
i 've been using opera since 2004 when it use to be good .
i have no problem with being lame as long as i enjoy myself .
i needed that hookup and what it brings to my self esteem and mental state at the moment .
as for being white trashy and old '' well we are both 26 and only one of us white .
we can be trashy though but that 's a plus in my book ssoooo ...
maybe my current situation does not allow me to do so ?
was n't fun at all sure there were good parts batman was epic but it just was n't what it should have been .
russian media players will be in serious personal risk death if they oppose government message .
now scroll to the bottom of the article ... .
if billionaires hate trump so much then i 'm voting for the non-establishment candidate though i prefer jill stein you know after the whole dnc rigging their own election thing .
only game i can think of like that would be micro machines v3 .
different power ups like a giant hammer claw missiles etc .
another thing i forgot boss ran the same console on its power conditioner on a different festival site a month ago and had the same issue .
not capitalizing on mccarthy 's poor pitching might already come back to haunt us .
there are no words for how horrendous this is .
i thought you meant you borrowed it without his knowledge and put your own food in it .
every time i fly i see the horizon drop slightly a few degrees at most .
the drop is consistent with the standard value for the radius of the earth and the altitude of the aircraft .
anyone who says that the horizon does n't drop is trying to deceive you .
i 'm not moving the goalposts at all since i never started anywhere from which to move them .
cultural racism is n't a new thing either it 's been a thing since the 80s .
i never made a claim that being against radical islam is racist so not sure why you think i made that claim .
i was pointing out that the people making the claim muslims are n't a race therefore it ca n't be racist '' is n't true .
it does n't fall under the traditional racism definition but we have many types of racism in this case specifically cultural racism .
that 's how we ended up with a football team called the kingz '' .
name was announced basketball team with the same name objects sydney not sacremento so team ownership go with kingz '' .
ironically they would change their name to the knights a few years later before being run out of town by both the league and their fans .
i like to pull for the not-hot underdog.. the hot girl is gon na have it easier enough for the rest of her life as it is.. give the ugly chick a medal to go with her great personality .
he just came to red light in dallas two weeks ago lol
everything i said was factually correct i 'm not sure what you do n't believe .
feel free to do research on any of it .
i wrote someone an email like that too once .
she took it well stayed with him for the time they broke up eventually .
she went out of her way to be nice to me the next couple times i saw her i think she wanted to be clear there was n't resentment or blame towards me .
odd that they have similar names are they related in a stellar transformations/coiling dragon fashion ?
cause i 'm pretty sure the cultivation system is different in the two stories
you do n't have to do that ... besides ... nancy and sasha ... they have worse problems than i do ... ''
i drink two cups of this 2 scoops on whey 2 tbsp peanutbutter for 81 grams of protein every morning .
yes its true the text must be you ca n't heal ''
699 releases is triggering the ocd in me lol .
there was a new kyoto ep https beatspace-geomagnetic.bandcamp.com/album/kyoto-sundance-goaep223 that i expected to add since every other release of his is psybient but after listening to it i realized it was psytrance and chose not to add it .
deepernet 's album barely made the list since it is mostly goa/psytrance as well but mystic division is too good of a psybient track to leave it out .
oh my goodness it feels so much nicer in the bay area than it does in lv .
i can stand in the sun without wanting to die .
it 's quiet out there general ... you know what quiet means right ?
you could argue that but i personally think it 's better this way .
i 'm not caught up on tdg so i do n't know what 's going on what do you mean by the author neglecting tdg ?
people want a lot of stuff but that does n't mean they 'll get it .
i 'm worried your thoughts do n't fit our narrative .
we do n't discuss things which do n't fit our narrative
i also usually assume if the man is doing it is for good reason
i would imagine that gog would help make it run better .
hopefully the trend of beating up people with mullets will resurface before mullets make a come back .
it 's one of the things pmg gets so right imo .
everyone talks about righteousness or whatever when they 're weak but when they were strong they were running their mouth like there was no tomorrow .
yeah i imagine burning your mouth with 80° red bull then having the metals from the waterblocks accumulate on your teeth wouldnt be very enjoyable
check the same channel for more tracks from this game .
battle 2 '' and the new version of the end of the raging waves '' are great .
at first i was unaware of the wave feature and was upset that it was opening up partially when i 'd pull it of my pocket .
then i figured out it was a feature and i absolutely love it !
the nice is great have not got much use yet but it 's very sharp and i know i 'll use it .
reading posts like these and hoping i might get really lucky too is going to result in the type of luck that gets all 4 and 5 stars from one pack .
it 's not my thing either i feel like i 'm skipping every song when i listen to the playlist .
i 've played all titles starting in rome 1 total war all the way through to tw warhammer which as a long time player of the tabletop game i found to be very enjoyable .
lately though mount and blade has once again taken up most of my game time .
however i usually comes back to total war every now and then particularly because i like the alternative perspective that it gives you compared to mount and blade .
whereas in mb you are right down into the thick of the fight personally chopping down enemy soldiers total war requires you to just not focus on waging wars but also managing your kingdom .
even as a full-blown monarch in mb with you get nowhere near as in-depth a system as total war which is still overshadowed by crusader kings .
some mods have expanded this area of the game with new features but vanilla was still pretty much on a barebones '' level .
although many of the more recent titles in the tw series have become more simplified in many of these governing '' aspects the older titles especially medieval 2 total war still stands triumphant to this day .
that 's not to say that total war is all about the kingdom management there sure are epic battles to be found too .
but i view them as more like a game of chess where you have to exercise caution and carefully plan your battles to achieve victory .
all in all total war is a great franchise if you are like me and would like a bit more strategy compared to what mb currently has to offer .
to anyone here thinking of trying it out i can definitively recommend it .
could death tell him not to pull anything or she 'll never speak to him again ?
yea i hope they have a patch soon i googled the bug i 'm getting and it seems like people were suffering from it in june .
i mean worst comes to worst i 'll just replay b w on normal again since i have time off coming up .
the ending is quite something but the ride to it is necessarily quite something as well .
regarding how desirable he is let 's just say being involved with a girl boosts a guy 's desirability to other girls .
at 28 i would take that money focus on fixing your credit buy/lease a cheap car and in 3 years buy a lambo
add me bro just moved to a new country and could use some new friends .
since battle eye is not banning it allows cheaters to find the cheats that still work without penalty .
also cheating websites get to test out cheats and make cheats that work so well be seeing a ton cause of that aswell .
and since they just finnished a sale and free weekend there are a shit ton of cheaters that always come .
and if they find the cheat that works they cheat for a long period of time before fairfight can finally ban .
so all in all both in reality and in theory there should far more cheaters right now than ever before in the games existence .
it just may be less subtle cheats or blatant or people good at hiding them it all depends bit without bans for a long period of time so far from battle eye you can only expect more cheaters to find the cheats that work .
the only way this will work out is if it was there plan all along to gather data
for the bamboozler even winning 1v1 against anything that does n't outrange you can be a challenge
it is or is n't worth 30 bucks depending on whether you 're the kind of person that really loves it or not .
for me i have n't spent a huge amount of time using it and do n't get much satisfaction from it .
however it 's a great piece of software for demoing .
if you intend to demo your vive to a lot of people then you will get a lot of value simply from watching some people getting lost in it for hours .
v1 had a long tail so it beat out jojo by a few hundred .
if their behavior as 13 to 18 year olds is all you have to go on ?
it 's not crazy to base current attitude on prior behavior
so i beg to differ about the medic class having nothing to do '' unless in a direct firefight
you want to stay alive not actively engage in firefights .
the m4 before that was decent enough at close range to defend yourself and your teammates .
the role of a medic and his fellow squadmates is to 'clear and cover ' the area near a downed opponent .
reality does n't always work like that i should know i 've played more than enough medic with people i personally know at this point so it 's not based on random squad mates .
a task previously more difficult in the past with its limited weaponry .
again the weapons were more than fine if you had some practice with the m4 it was more than usable but this was only a downside for the us side too all the other factions had easy to use weapons therefor it was n't a hindrance .
so realistically your argument boils down to the us medic got a scope therefor it was fine for all the factions to have the binoculars removed even though the other factions were n't hindered by a lack of red dot as the ironsights are great on the ak rifles .
i 'm not even against the medic getting a scope if it was an option .
personally after the hours i played as medic i really do n't need a scope and would choose binoculars over it any day of the week .
classic for the back rider to be late but screw those fronties ...
i have never had to take my glasses off for any disney ride the only one i think you might have to would be aerosmith but even then i think the g-force will keep them on your face .
i have also never had a problem with just putting the 3d glasses over my own .
i watched all of the vikings game last season lol .
teddy had the shortest time to throw in the league
teddy had the third longest time to throw behind tyrod and manziel .
the back half of last season the o-line was almost entirely hurt
the offensive line has n't really gotten much better .
boone has been regressing for a while and likely wo n't be a major improvement over harris .
clemmings was awful at pass blocking but he was ok in the run game and smith wo n't be that much better .
lol if you think that peyton was actually injured when he get benched or if he magically got better that very second at the sd game .
you look like jesus if jesus went on a crack binge when he was 12 .
and i never really found the difference between half-decent tn panels and ips to be all that great .
i 've been playing the acer panel lottery for the past few months and i 've been using a really awful dell tn monitor in between shipments .
it gets the job done and issues with color shifting are greatly exaggerated .
from everything i 've seen the gsync dell is exceptional for a tn panel so i 'd be happy using it .
also i plan on expanding to a two monitor setup within the next few months anyways so if i need something that is color accurate i could always get an ips for my second monitor .
that 's all information than you could possibly want but the dell is just not a bad alternative for me .
draw a triangle with same length sides and a remaining side that is ½ the length of a side .
draw a circle on the top of your triangle .
have strangers also demanded that of you because that would trigger some disdain if that was to happen to me ?
what is it with reddit and all the running dogs who hit the passive/aggressive downvote button but are too spineless and lack the balls to actually own it and post a rebuttal ?
ok ok so hit the map button find the green circle called evac point '' and press a x of whatever you are using xbone ps4 pc
phase 2 the one every 5 turns is either your lowest or highest hp unit so you can guard them to stop them from dying .
phase 3 is n't that hard though since he continuously gives you a full od gauge so you can nuke him pretty hard .
if you want you can send them toilet paper/socks/spare change to their p.o .
the budget for wow legion 's cinematics could probably pay for enough pve content to last an expansion .
mhm its not so much feeling special '' but more that price dropping is promoting saving gold .
i would rather see new accounts get gold bonuses on creation coming in every level so they dont spend it all in one place .
so i can still feel good buying a new hero knowing he is not going to drop soon but new players can afford a larger pool with the bonus gold they get .
well considering how many magikarp you need to make a gyarados in pokemon go this really makes a lot of sense .
yeah i like the leather but that orange is trash
you guys i have such a good idea for the cover of britney 's new album ohwait http i.imgur.com/if8kn7o.png
shitposts aside i think this image from send my love to your new lover http i.imgur.com/xozvkqq.png would have worked nicely for adele 's 25 .
for those newfriends who do n't know furnaceland was an attempt at a stone reinforced box of furnaces for storing things .
it worked like a vault but was made of furnaces .
it was very very large on the scale of thousands of furnaces .
due to the way furnaces were coded at the time the sheer number of them lagged the server down a ton whenever approached .
5 is a good start and personally 6 is my favorite story arc
it 's weird to me how many of my friends are republicans even though i 'm democrat .
you did n't get selected to be in the x-men dude .
it 's cool that you 're going to be a doctor but literally anyone can do that if they want to .
and i do n't want to so i 'm not jealous so you 're just making yourself a pompous twit . ''
this may be one of the best things that i 've read on here !
i thought as much but this is my first project with smd connectors .
everything i cook for picnic setup tasted great but at home is meh
the cowboys 2016 entire board was leaked in a photo and they had a mid-3rd round grade on him .
they 've got a very strong recent track record of identifying ol talent and looking at the rest of their board they were n't just dropping ol because they have great starters .
this one strikes me as an enormous yellow flag more than anything else .
out of curiosity do you have a link to the photo ?
i watched garnett for years at stanford and liked the mean streak in the run game but never really came away impressed with much else .
just another one of stanford 's run game maulers with poor balance and pass pro ability .
her sense of humor is kinda dark and our dinner-table conversations are interesting .
it is probable that bitfinex is providing a lesser haircut to whales .
if we assume for each individual user that the likely amount of proceeds resulting from litigation is x then bitfinex will be making alternative arrangements with people whose haircut amount is greater than x. x is hard to quantify but it 's likely that bitfinex is striking individual deals with whales to ensure that they wo n't be sued while pushing the haircut onto the rest of the poor saps who do n't have the incentive to go to court .
i had an awesome and i mean absolutely awesome crop of black berries picked off shady island last weekend .
full sun grown berries we timed it just right .
knock on wood but so far any issues have been fairly minimal .
i usually get 3-6 champion points an hour in old orsinium if nobody is around .
it 's not too much horsepower for the job but you could make a few bucks offering 3d rendering services ... what server s exactly are they ?
i can give you an idea on pricing etc once i know the horsepower
i was just making a point that the iranian government has a fondness of executing people .
why are you trying to turn it into some kind of debate about collateral damage ?
yes a guilty man was executed in this case .
we know this because it was part of clinton email leaks .
when you are found to be guilty of a crime '' in iran execution is a likely outcome .
if she does n't have one then she 's gon na have to use yours .
i was thinking of a platform that is easy to join and would make us able to communicate efficiently like a chat room .
if you do n't know of any such platform go ahead and create the sub since it 's the only platform at hands right now .
i used to walk into history class every day singing happily .
one day my teacher said to the whole class i 'm not feeling good today .
so that means no shitty singing today my name .
fuck you mr. walker you thrashed my self confidence forever and humiliated me in front of all my peers .
i thought that 3d effects on the new 3ds were supposed to be really good .
i do n't like how the 2ds ca n't fold for portability .
i was never a big fan of gen 3 i sort of skipped it originally so i might just get x or y .
can you trade between a ds lite and 3ds ?
i do n't really know how that works now .
i ended up liking platinum way more than black even though it was an older generation .
what do you mean like more exclusive gen vi legendary ?
diving and water polo are two sports that comed to mind where the men wear much much skimpier outfits than the women .
i get down to around 15-30 percent hp a bunch and then somehow he kills one or more of my units in a turn which just screws up my squad .
i end up having around 2-3 fujins at this point and a hero crystal .
i have tilith 20 percent all stats elfgif oracle bangles schism orb allanon 20 percent hp and slight chance of hp recover elfgif ritus staff bond of rih-alnase juno seto 20 boost to def/hp bc efficiacy boost and od gauge boost elfgif rizes ' armor dreadnaught shell aleph lara azurai fallacy orb frozen fantasy .
forgot the elfgifs/spheres that are on the others cause they are my least useful units in my squad right now .
currently sping my krantz until he is a buffer build with hp boost when attacking attacked 20 percent parameter boost and some other stuff i forgot xd
i mean if that 's what you want sure . ''
i know that a team is a huge support group behind an athlete 's accomplishments .
nobody here is denying that but that does n't mean a coach is the only reason why an athlete is successful .
it 's dismissive of her natural talent which is why she won and what should be the focus here
she 's silent just watching them and their fluid movement until they sit next to her and it occurs to the god that she did n't think shit far ahead .
resisting the urge to even gently touch a wing she just looks over at them and offers one of her sad little flowers .
... fuck ... '' she frowns a little opting to just rock her .
got a few cards cant remember which since the collections does n't update 😂😂 put up a contract !
i remember 97 rock which is now the box and has been for a long time in houston airing the replay of this .
yeah ... .like i said i never had the talk '' or anything related to sex to the matter .
just got it for him but can only cast one spell .
a local guide book some adventurous friends nylons metal and your good to go .
looking back i feel like fat me was a shell of who i am .
healthy weight me feels like the kid i used to be .
i was tired of not fitting in from years past so i was more desperate than ever to fit in .
letting classmates know that i had a para following me around was definitely not going to help me fit in because of that stigma attached to being any kind of a special-ed kid .
oh well ... that is what i shall now call it until the day i die .
that 's what they get for putting a d and an r in such close proximity to someone 's last name .
i completely forgot about bronson until after i had finished editing .
i 'll have to try and shoehorn a clip into my next episode .
it 's meant to suggest that stone is desperate to exonerate naz which is why he chased down dwayne by drawing a parallel to the stupid things he does crisco uv lamps in attempting to cure his eczema .
the sporting life by the decembrists has a line that goes and father had such hopes for a son who would take the ropes and fulfill his athletic aspirations but apparently now there 's some complications ''
'' ... they deny or double down the madness .
do people just get those bisikan '' out of nowhere and decided to kill their children or some shit ?
i wrote in response to someone accusing another of sexism and that was n't quite fair partially fair because the person 's statement was too broad .
if you call that soapbox well i do n't really care about your opinion but thanks i guess ?
i do n't have to be humble about that why should i be .
so someone who is rational and knows at least some things is of course coming to come off like a know-it-all .
in a sea of stupidity the least stupid looks arrogant as fuck .
as for know-nothing-at-all '' that 's a great attack but do you have any substance to it ?
i find it hysterical you are attacking my knowledge and yet you have n't identifying a single thing i 've said that is incorrect .
lastly i 'm an arrogant prick sometimes but no-one who knows me would ever call me a douchebag .
show me some actual evidence and i would be more inclined to believe you .
so far everything i 've seen so far reeks of bullshit .
sadly i often like what he dislikes and the other way around .
as an example what he call map mess '' i call abundance of tasty content '' .
with mogis winning is n't everything or the primary objective .
hastening the game and slugging people because you can is .
if you win because of it more power to you but i never put it on the table unless i 'm wanting to have fun with a group slug .
why are they so against people finding out the iv values ?
i think they 've gotten used to our boy and his mannerisms .
yes i do have a lot of awkward moments in my day to day life but it 's not so different from getting a big ol ' blast of cleavage from some random woman coming down the street .
yeah what the fuck i did n't need to see this
can someone photoshop calvin hobbes from the famous picture between op his gf ?
your eyes are truly yet to open ... lmao ...
oh kos..or some say kosm ... please bless this wretched being with eyes .
sucks for me then ... opened 40 card packs no gold card yet ... opened 13 chests no rares/ultra rares ... . opened 6 treasure i no rares.. gaben hates me !
it 's a friendly community that deserves way more posters !
for the sake of my story they were n't supposed to kill the bbeg on their first encounter .
someone landed a solid crit but i bluffed them into letting him escape in exchange for the macguffin .
in nsw there were 151 candidates on the sheet .
you simply ca n't know that many people well enough to vote on individuals you have to vote by parties .
but it is possible to stand out enough to get elected to the senate in your own right .
personal knowledge becomes even more important within the lower house where you are expected to represent a smaller area and group of people and to actually be identifiable by those people .
very true and the depression could be caused by the teasing and ridiculing and the daughter seeking therapy is n't going to fix that issue .
op loves his daughter and thinks she 's beautiful warts and all '' which is fantastic for a father but maybe he needs to actually listen to his daughter .
sit down with her and the potential surgeon and find out what 's going to be done and then talk to the daughter what is really going on in her life that she 'd be willing to put herself through that amount of discomfort ?
i suggested the therapy counselling only to give the father peace of mind i figured she 'd still be pestering her dad for the surgery during her sessions with a therapist .
also the other comments about the cosmetic surgery being a gateway '' surgery to the daughter wanting more and more i find those comments both hilarious and offensive .
it 's been over 10 years since i had my surgery and i 've never thought about getting more .
you know the way an epilator is like a series of tweezers that rotate around really quickly opening and closing ?
this basically works in the same way except it 's manual .
you put the spring barrel against your upper lip and then twist the sides the silver things at the side and they turn it which catches hairs and pulls them out .
if you can handle pain on your upper lip them go for it i like it i just normally do it after a good few drinks so the pain is n't so bad .
any kind of hair plucking on my face immediately makes my eyes water .
i like it but i 've also realised i do n't actually give as much of a shit about my 'tache as i used to .
now forgive me for being ignorant about his subject as i am a man .
however i want to ask a serious question regard this female hygiene stuff .
i get that that females menstruates and it produces some blood and stuff that they would rather not have in their underwear .
my question is are those products really essential '' or could you just as well use a piece of woolen or linen cloth and just wash it after use ?
it is not like female menstruation is anything new and i am sure the women of the past also dealt with it somehow so why is that you need to spend thousands of dollars on this stuff ?
is it simply convinience or has it been proven that the old methods are harmful in anyway ?
i am genuinely curious about this because poor women could just choose the cloth option if it is just as good .
if it is simply a convenience to use tampons and such i see no reason why it should not be taxed .
thats the cards selling out not the site being unreliable .
assuming 500k a day 15 million is correct but 15 million exp is in fact level 39 .
not 28-29 '' if you need to check up here 's the source https www.reddit.com/r/thesilphroad/comments/4s1cpq/xp_requirements_for_levels_so_far_125 i refer to .
i think nibbler is a solid name for a chin
putting drive bays in the psu shroud increases airflow work-space and aesthetics .
their metal and plastic matching seems more on point and i would n't be surprised if the machining is higher quality too .
the budget options are smaller and cheaper yet practically speaking just as effective .
my god ... those balls are smooth as eggs ... yes i 'll suck them . ''
it took a second but the will of a templar is stronger than my bad memory
you know me anyway you go past mine on your way to work . ''
that and the behavior there has to be some kind of wut ? ''
if you do n't mind the sorting it 's actually a decent deal .
it is overpriced for the beads alone but because it comes with the pegboards it 's actually a good price .
am i the only one that wants to hear a story about sex in the cockpit now ?
because being born in an area does n't make you part of that nation .
an african born in france is not french just as a french person born in africa is n't african .
a giant adc would n't make sense unless it 's suppose to be a bruiser adc
so appreciative of this content wow i mean go phelps and everything usa usa but also yes italy good job italy .
i specifically came to the comments to see if it had started yet .
thanks for alerting me on the ssd will get another one .
but baby d.va for when she 's out the mech and zenyetti .
however your submission tifu by liking pc gaming has been removed because you have violated one of our rules which can be located in the sidebar .
your fuckup must be your fault just because something bad happened to you does n't mean you fucked up .
consider posting in the common fuck-ups megathread https www.reddit.com/r/tifu/search ? sort=new restrict_sr=on q=flair 3amegathread which is stickied on the frontpage .
if you have any questions we ask that you message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/tifu subject=my submission was removed message=i have a question regarding the removal of this submission https www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/4woxgc/tifu_by_liking_pc_gaming directly for appeals .
in about 6 years my twins will be able to play with me .
i got it from like first 4 d only 2 hours ln genji because even if i wanted to there will be 1-3 genji mains who try instalocking faster than bastion explodes in match someone pleas halp figuring out good joke
it 's the second most competitive for t2 and most competitive for t1 .
it may not be unexpected unlike elirin but the loveca usage is still stupidly high .
i 've been waiting for this piece by him .
and it 's as depressing as i imagined it would be .
i did the same returned the vizio and got the ks800d the costco equivalent of the ks8000 and love the tv so far w my one s .
silence is already 0 mana and power word shield is 1 .
since we 're combining the two we should add one additional mana cost to make up for the fact that it 's 2 cards for 1 .
i guess i 'll see if i get the games first before i refund them .
mata schneiderlin basti rvp still feel like chelsea/soton/bayern/arsenal players to me .
dave blind shaw martial young carrick were all immense figures at their clubs when they signed but i ca n't even imagine them as being anything but united .
happens a lot when you click random links or get redirected from some websites .
this the site 's been around for a while and is at least a bit trustworthy .
dang it i just sold hundreds of them yesterday !
well i do n't know anyone running guixsd on this machine but if it supports grub i do n't see a problem on installing it there .
keep in mind though that guixsd uses linux-libre which means that if some devices want proprietary drivers they wo n't work .
i found for me life got a lot easier when i was upfront and said 'how would you feel about going out on a date sometime this week ? '
make it clear of your intentions and also be specific with times .
i find that not only with situations like this but any time you ask someone to do something if you 're ambiguous about when it will happen 70 of the time it wo n't happen .
so to follow up if s/he 's like 'yeah let 's do it ! '
then be like 'oh ok how does x-day sound to you ? '
or 'i work x x and x how about you ? '
i 'm not saying that if they do n't follow up they are n't interested but people are always forgetful about little things that consciously we do n't realize are important as well .
my current girlfriend and i dated three years ago and now we 've been together for 2 years .
before we started dating we hung out a bunch and finally one day i was like 'hey i got paid lots this week cause of how much i worked let 's go for dinner i 'll pay ? '
and she was like 'yeah i 'd love to etc . '
the 'i 'll pay ' is a total giveaway too .
i like my titan one its thicker than a sbd one and cheaper
it 's boring when it 's just stuff i hear all the time .
but for the sake of how much i love her i put on a facade to show interest because i never want her to feel shitty about it because she 's always so bright and happy when she 's telling me about her day and she thinks i 'm genuinely interested .
i 'll never take that from her not if it makes her happy even when it 's boring for me .
not to mention trespass on the little junior plus fashion show
actually we say whipped cream on the cake '' but that does n't make much sense translated .
the important thing is that we won this match yea !
in my experience walmart boards are n't very good and the turning is also not very good .
try and get a board from a skateshop in person or online http www.blindsideboardshop.com/products.cfm ? catid=3 navcat=3 i would probably say if your shoe size is over 11mens anything less than 7.5inches in width of the deck is kinda small
the idea that trump could ever have drawn any of the sanders crowd always seemed very far fetched .
those are two completely different and mutually exclusive ideologies .
i would n't go that far but your average joe probably hasnt seen it .
it should only be horizontal and then down this will cause very poor take off rate .
with an up turn like that the preferential path the vapor will want to take is just up to the reflux condenser and back down into the column as reflux .
you 'll get some but it will run very slow .
also water vapor is lighter than air so a vm still can not really distill water properly .
also a 1/2 '' take off can only ever put out so much you should n't even have to fiddle with the valve just have it closed to get up to equilibrium and then open all the way it will just dribble the reflux ratio will be super high no mater if it is wide open .
did you actually learn to use mental ray or do you just use that quality '' slider ?
yeah but most people want a free win all we can do is report it .
played against a hacker once on plane and one guy accepted he was a hacker and tk 'd him one round for us and the three others did n't care at all since they just wanted a win .
all bills require the assent of both houses of parliament .
the executive can pass regulations without the consent of either however these can then be disallowed by the senate .
if the government can not secure senate approval they ca n't pass or regulate a damn thing .
he even said it like he was telling a jury/lawyer all college kids do it .
could also have an ability queued and using it dragged him back to md ?
but the good thing about life after high school is you can chose to not interact with people .
read the books he was writing back when he still boozed .
is there anything i could invest in to multiply this money should i just hold onto it until the expansion .
my order for my femme companion bot had finally arrived .
my work ate up most of my free time leaving very little time for traditional means of dating .
the femme companion bot would solve that problem and more .
it came as a blank slate allowing me to program any looks personality or commands i wish into the bot and they would be carried out flawlessly .
as the door closed behind the delivery man i began to open the box my anticipation building over what i would find inside .
so i am looking to do an rp revolving around a guy and his robot companion .
the kinks i 'm looking to incorporate are transformations d/s oral lingerie romance and more .
this prompt leaves a lot of room for adding in kinks and scenarios so i 'm open to suggestions .
i 'm looking for this to be more long term with a lot of focus on the story .
if it sounds at all interesting to you send me a message !
if isis or another jihadist group successfully strikes the continental us with a major terrorist attack in the next 3 months could this propel donald trump to the presidency ?
i have a problem where i really like to be a 100 completionist in all my games which i 've done for my canon run through of dai .
but now i just wan na replay it for fun ok mostly just to romance cullen this time and really do n't want to get suckered into doing everything .
does anyone have a guide/suggestions for a run of inquisition that is n't just barebones and is n't 100 but rather a fun well-rounded playthrough ?
first i 'd like to start off by introducing myself .
my name is estelle and i 'm a 19 year old college student studying communications .
i 'm also a journalist per say for a tech/gaming site called elotalk check it out if you want to .
which has been a great past time writing articles and stuff .
i 've been a gamer ever since i can remember my dad gave me a hand-me-down nintendo 64 and i 've been captivated ever since .
growing up i went from the 64 to xbox and finally here as a pc gamer which i 've found out i enjoy the most .
i usually play games such as mmos mobas and strategy games .
my history with wow is unfortunately a very short one .
i was first exposed to the warcraft universe with warcraft 3 but my father actually would n't let me go any deeper until i beat it .
i never did until i bought it on classic games for 10 bucks so i never got into wow nor knew it was a thing until i started seeing advertisements for wrath of the lich king .
i actually ended up starting in wod when i made some high school friends who played and i was able to save up enough money somehow to get the game and wod along with a one month sub .
one of my friends then got me a 3-month sub for my birthday .
aside from that that 's all the experience i 've had with wow but those 3 months were n't wasted .
i was able to get a level 100 and join my guilds lead raiding team for a short time .
i was n't able to continue though as i live in a county with one of the highest unemployment rates in indiana .
i have n't ever been able to get a job .
do n't get me wrong i tried but with a lack of car and living in the middle of nowhere it was kind of hard .
i could n't get a ride from parents or anything .
the car that i was supposed to inherent from my grandmother was taken away from me and i was n't ever able to use it making it that much more frustrating that i did n't have a job this was 3 years ago .
i 've been living of birthday money and good will for basically anything .
nowadays my household has actually gotten kind of abusive and started enveloping myself in internet culture .
i 've made two moves this summer just to be somewhat safer and now i 'm getting ready to head to college .
what this has anything to do with wow is those two highschool friends who i still talk to frequent the game .
i 'd like to play with them on the new xpac before we all go off to college that and i really just enjoy the game and miss it quite a bit and i 'm sure any of my other wow players out there are excited for the new class .
anyways i 'm here today to ask if somebody would be kind enough to get me the xpac .
i would extremely appreciate it i 'll even name my demon hunter after you if you want as it would be nice to hop back into azeroth for a bit on my higher levels and try out that new class .
ps my battletag is n't a type of plaid it stems from the pleiades constellation and means an outstanding group of seven people or things .
hello a friend that owns a landscaping company is offering me a john deere 48a commercial walk behind zero turn mower for 1300 which based on googling seems a fair deal for my newly purchased 1 acre homestead .
i know it 's overkill however he said i could cut my grass in about 15 minutes and it 'll last forever .
i 'm looking at consumer grade riding mowers that are about 1000
looking for someone with an illustrated riku or illustrated sora to join .
you can get the chance to have an illustrated sora as shared medal .
my irl friend has one but will join the party if there is another one so really looking asap .
my party is the organization ranks at least top 100 top 40 last time if i remember correctly .
so what do you guys want the first contest to be ?
what you need to build coaster flat ride scenery building etc .
comment with most upvotes will be the first contest !
this may well be the dawn of a new era for germany and its people .
today in bonn the provisional council of germany has approved the basic law for the federal republic of germany and awaits allied ratification .
if it is approved the federal republic of germany will be founded and germany will reclaim its rightful spot among the world 's great nations .
this constitution establishes its main focus with the first sentence human dignity is inviolable . ''
key among its articles are the principles of democracy republicanism social responsibility and federalism all of which can not be amended in any form .
a federal parliamentary republic led by a largely ceremonial federal pesident and the chancellor .
separation of powers among the executive legislative and judicial branches .
the bundestag serves as the main legislative body while the 11 länder states are representsed in the bundesrat .
the federal constitutional court is the supreme court and oversees the constitutionality of laws .
with all this mcmullin bullshit going on that has several news stations asking whether they should open the debate for him to enter no really they have actually gone there johnson needs to get a big endorsement this week to prevent from flaming out and to remind people who the viable third party candidate really is .
the love the media is already giving to this unknown is dangerous .
i wo n't say that a vote for him is wasted no votes are but this man is obviously playing spoiler and will be taking the conservatives likely to vote for johnson .
and if you 're reading this in the future what is it then ?
skiena introduces the travelling salesman problem as a way of showing how algorithms work .
the first algorithm he shows works by following the closest point until all points have been reached .
that proves to be inefficient so he then introduces what he calls the closest pair ''
point is too restrictive since it seems to trap us into making moves we did n't
a different idea might be to repeatedly connect the closest pair of endpoints
whose connection will not create a problem such as premature termination of the
each vertex begins as its own single vertex chain .
together we will end up with a single chain containing all the points in it .
of this closest-pair heuristic we will have a set of single vertices and vertex-disjoint
let n be the number of points in set p .
for each pair of endpoints s t from distinct vertex chains
if dist s t ≤ d then s m s t m t and d dist s t
here is a picture of a test case http imgur.com/a/hpbvn
i 've googled my hardest and still come up short .
does anyone have a different or simpler way of explaining this ?
i 'm just getting back into playing games again and i would love to play with more people who share the same time zone so i do n't have to worry about compensating !
i tend to play during the evenings and as of right now and i 'm pretty open to playing anything that is co-op or mmo .
i would n't mind some people to chat with as well if you are looking to do so .
although if you love to play ffxiv destiny ps4 darks souls 3 pc or even bloodborne then we will get along very swimmingly !
background there is a lottery that has 34 balls .
there is an additional ball 1 and a additional ball 2 making 34 balls in total ie .
there will be two balls with 1 on it and two balls with 2 on it .
each number represents a person and the order they will get to purchase a coffee .
all balls are put into a bucket and each drawn out 1 at a time .
if ball 1 or ball 2 is picked at any time the second ball for that number is removed as there were two start off with .
what are the chances of ball 17 getting picked 7th ?
what are the chances of ball 26 getting picked 10th ?
what are the chances of ball 28 getting picked 13th ?
what are the chances of ball 32 getting picked 17th ?
only balls 1-16 are put into a bucket for the first 6 picks including the double 1 and double 2 .
if ball 1 or ball 2 is picked at any time the second ball for that number is removed as there were two start off with .
after the first 6 balls are drawn balls 17-25 are put into the bucket .
after the next 3 balls are drawn 9 in total balls 26 27 are put into the bucket .
after the next 3 balls are drawn 12 in total balls 28 29 are put into the bucket .
after the next 4 balls are drawn 16 in total balls 30 31 32 are put into the bucket .
what are the chances of ball 17 getting picked 7th ?
what are the chances of ball 26 getting picked 10th ?
what are the chances of ball 28 getting picked 13th ?
what are the chances of ball 32 getting picked 17th ?
i 'm looking for something where i can type in a search hit tab '' to highlight the first link tab again to highlight the next link etc etc and then hit enter to select the link and open it .
has anyone after you know shedding a tear for seiko noticed the state of her body ?
her head and upper torso has been pushed into the wall with such force that it damaged it leaving an imprint of her body .
if we are still in the area where she fell asleep the walls have no such imprint on them as seen before she sat down and wallowed in her feels .
i think that this merits noting because there 's not too many people present who could pull off such a feat .
i appreciate any thoughts on the subject at hand .
been lurking here for what feels like forever just after gotg .
seems like i 've spent a fortune on the game as well .
yes i pay so that i get what i want to collect
my issue is that after spending all the money in this event at or greater than 100 getting the costumes characters etc .
today i feel like i was slapped in the face regarding the last 3 bobbles .
by time i got home at 7pm i was locked out of the game due to a venom bug .
now i ca n't even buy the missing bobbles .
ordinarily i 'd shake it off but given the amount of money spent i 'm trying to find an amicable solution .
i posted to support hoping for some form of solution .
what would be a good way to go about this ?
i actually had to sign up to post this because i 'm so mad .
i do n't want to cause a flame war i 'm just looking to find the best solution i can as i feel like this was a real slap in the face for money spent in good faith .
im a chelsea fan so wishful thinking but the guy took a pic with both of them .
our board has also been very lowkey with transfers this window .
batsuhuayi and kante came out of pretty much nowhere .
still all 3 characters to do if anyone would like to run some .
first off i 'm going to keep this scenario as realistic as possible .
as much as i 'd like to see kenny and evan make their grand return well let 's just say that that will be the last time i mention their names .
i would like to see a format similar to the one used on gauntlet 3 with the winning team nominating/voting for someone on the losing team for elimination and the losing team voting for his or her opponent .
girls camilla nany emily s jenna aneesa ashley nicole christina i do n't believe the last 3 have had any serious beefs with bananas so i put them here
girls sarah cara maria laurel kellyanne nia cheyenne averey i put her here because reilly and leroy do n't like her susie she said she 'd do another challenge if sarah were her teammate so there you go
if brad is serious about a return you can put him with anti-bananas i do n't recall that they were the closest of friends and i personally would n't like someone who called my wife a bitch .
i 'm not crazy about mark long and think it 's kind of pathetic at his age he wants to do another challenge but he could replace somone on team bananas .
i doubt abram will do another challenge and suspect jordan wo n't be back but they are possibilities on anti-bananas .
you could easily put cory laurel kellyanne and even ct on either team depending on who 's cast ct on team bananas though would make that team ridiculously stacked .
i guess an argument could be made for camilla and nany on anti-bananas but their girls would win every challenge .
i know sarah claims to have retired and camilla and nany might be in the same boat but if you throw them enough money up front ...
i think these teams are relatively equal maybe team bananas has a slight edge with guys unless you have brad/jordan/abram replacing some of the ayto guys on anti-bananas .
the top 3 girls on each team are roughly equal but anti-bananas might have a little more depth .
for some reason i was on android and began to try to login to agario on my android phone a couple of minutes ago and its not letting me logging and i know how to fix that and its not working ...
i even tried playing as a guest but could not .
anyone know a fix or is poodlecorp ddosing agario now cuz a couple of days ago i could n't play pokemon go and it was cuz of them
back in november of 2014 i posted a gold efficiency table http boards.na.leagueoflegends.com/en/c/tips-tricks/iv59v46e-choosing-runes-i-can-help-you-do-that-better to help people compare runes to each other .
things have changed a little since then for the more complicated !
and i 'm back with an updated spreadsheet and recommendations to help people choose runes better .
the workbook i 've posted has two primary sheets on the left the gold efficiency table and the stat efficiency table .
the gold efficiency table uses the gold value of stats to compare the stats different runes of the same category gives .
the quot gold efficient quot column can help you choose between an attack damage or attack speed mark or between a health or armor seal .
it 's pretty good at comparing flat runes to flat runes or scaling runes to scaling runes but is n't nearly as useful for comparing flat runes to scaling runes .
you can still compare scaling to flat my formula for the efficiency considers a scaling rune more efficient than a flat one if it gives more stats by level 6 .
if you want to compare different rune types the gold efficiency table can be slightly useful by comparing the raw gold values .
a better choice for comparing between rune types is the stat efficiency table .
this should help you decide between an ad mark or an ad quint .
the rune type that gives the most of each stat is considered 100 efficient in this table and all other rune types are compared to that value .
quot items used quot shows the items their stats and their efficiencies used to calculate the gold values for the gold efficiency table .
quot health vs armor runes quot and quot scaling health vs armor quot show tables comparing the effective health armor and hp runes give each champion at each level .
the associated quot calc quot sheets show the actual effective hps each rune gives .
quot health regen comparison quot shows the hp granted by a rejuv bead for each champion at each level as well as the gold value of each hp5 rune for each champion at each level .
quot mana regen comparison quot does the same for mp5 .
quot energy and energy regen comparison quot shows calculations regarding energy and energy regen runes .
this one considers a scaling rune efficient if it gives more stats by 6 instead of by 9 .
adjusted mana and health regens to account for the difference between flat regen and the percent base now available in the shop .
tables to compare effective hp for different champions with different defensive runes .
a rune being gold or stat efficient does not inherently make it strong .
it does n't even necessarily make it stronger than a less gold efficient rune .
you have to consider how well your champ can make use of the stat and what kind of impact taking the rune will have on the game .
for example if taking 1 ap seal allows you to reliably kill caster minions with a single spell it 's worth taking that rune no matter what the math says .
the idea behind these charts is to help you avoid low benefit runes in red and to help you choose highly valuable runes in green wherever they make sense .
if you find you would like to take two stats for example ad and attack speed it may be best to maximize the gold value of the two stats on the runes you intent to take them .
to do this divide the gold values of the two stats for both runes .
so for this example divide 383/299 marks and 338/236 quints to get 1.28 and 1.43 respectively .
take runes of the divisor of the smaller amount and the dividend of the larger number in this case attack speed quints and attack damage marks .
a different way of looking at this is to maximize the end value your runes will grant you .
for example we must decide between armor seals and hp seals .
both of these impact our effective health so a good way of comparing them is to calculate the effective physical health of our champion with each rune .
note that this calculation is biased because hp seals increase not only effective physical health but also effective magic and effective true health .
also the calculation depends upon your items so if you expect to build certain defensive items you should consider that as well .
finally armor will be more effective in trades and synergizes with sustain .
it increases the strength of each point of health you regen/heal while health does not .
i have run this calculation assuming no items skills or masteries and no other defensive runes on the sheets health vs armor and scaling health vs armor .
if you would like to run scenarios with various items skill bonuses ect simply download the sheet .
you can input the values you would like considered into the appropriate field s in the appropriate quot calc quot sheet .
you can also try leaguecraft 's builder here http leaguecraft.com/champions or teryd 's builder here http www.teryd.net .
both of these were extremely outdated the last time i checked though .
a similar calculation can be done with attack damage vs attack speed ad vs armor pen a speed vs armor pen and ap vs magic pen .
note that enemy magic resistance armor will be a factor in any comparison containing pen .
i do n't have this included in my workbook at this time .
these are good on many mid laners some supports and a very few tanks and bruisers .
they are good when your primary source of damage is magic damage but you also deal some physical damage through auto attack harass or spells .
these are good on mid laners a few tanks some supports and jungle fiddlesticks .
they are better than hybrid pen when you have little to no ability to auto attack and deal little to no physical damage with your skills .
these give good early game harass last hit strength and decent all in potential to ad and/or ranged champions .
they are the best and only real option for most adcs and a good option for junglers bruisers tanks and some supports .
ad offers strong damage in ganks to ad-oriented junglers particularly ones with skills that scale well with ad .
bruisers and tanks gain better trade potential and better early last hitting from ad marks .
supports gain higher harass potential with auto attacks and in the case of all-in supports like leona some additional damage in an all-in .
these give very good early game all-ins particularly in combination with on-hit effects .
they grant junglers even ap ones the fastest clear time and tanks and bruisers like irelia can make great use of them .
these can be good on ad mid laners and junglers can choose to take up to 6 of them .
armor pen scales better into late game than attack damage and works well with high base physical damage skills .
4-6 armor pen marks will give junglers with high base skills such as hecarim more damage in ganks than attack damage .
4 armor pen marks will give 5 armor pen .
6 armor pen marks will give 7.7 armor pen .
either way you will gain more damage on ganks but not be quite as efficient in the jungle .
remember that small monsters no longer have any armor so you 're really giving up clear time if you ca n't kill them quickly .
if you look at their gold efficiency they look very bad 48.9 efficient .
however compare the amount of armor they give to the amount of armor seals give and you 'll get a different story 91 efficient .
considering the higher efficiency of hp seals compared to armor seals and the lower efficiency of hp marks compared to armor marks if you goal is simply to have the highest effective physical health at level one possible it makes sense to take armor marks and health seals .
armor marks can also make sense against certain high physical damage dealers fiora or as malphite or rammus .
essentially they can be an option for some supports top laners or junglers under the correct circumstance .
you can take one crit chance mark on any champion .
i think it 's cheesy and would rather have the guaranteed benefits the 1 extra ad/pen/whatever mark would give me but if you happen to crit on the enemy champion you can automatically win the trade/lane .
these are the strongest level 1 defensive seals for an all-in .
if you are going to walk up and instantly fight the opponent to the death without backing off these are the best thing for it .
note that level 1 magic resist is higher than level 1 armor making these a little stronger against magic damage than physical damage .
these are the next best level 1 defensive seals for an all-in .
they are stronger over time than health as they scale better into late game .
also they are better for sustain poke and trade lanes .
they make your health regen and natural health gain per level stronger .
armor seals help against minions auto attack harass jungle monsters and physical damage spells .
these are strongly recommended for pretty much all junglers .
when you do n't know what seals to take take flat armor seals .
these are highly efficient late game and can be very effective when combined with resistance-oriented builds .
however they leave your champion very vulnerable in the early game and are not recommended for melee champions or junglers .
it is always a risk to take these seals .
they are only advisable if you are confident in your ability to survive lane phase and are capable of not fighting your opponent early .
these are also highly efficient late game and are particularly effective combined with health-oriented builds .
like health/lvl they leave your champion very vulnerable early game and should only be take if you are able to avoid early fights .
these are actually significantly more efficient against physical damage than hp/lvl in late game much more so than you might expect .
these pay off surprisingly quickly and can be quite good particularly for supports .
just keep in mind that they do n't provide any benefits after you 're full build and they will also make you much squishier early game .
if you choose these you have just transformed yourself into the squishiest champion on the rift .
i highly recommend against taking more than 3-4 non-defensive seals and i really recommend against taking anything but the first four seals talked about .
that said these give a decent amount of early game mana regen for more spam in lane if you feel that is essential .
if you must take mana regen though it would likely be wiser to take 3-4 mana regen glyphs instead of these especially as a support .
these provide some very early mana regen and outscale mana/5 by level 7 .
i do n't know why you would feel the need for these as a mid laner when seraphs rod of ages and morello exists and as another role you really need the defensive stats .
but whatever they 're reasonably efficient and it ' your champion so ...
depending upon your champion these can be extremely effective .
i usually stay away from them in favor of armor because armor makes each point you regen stronger essentially giving you hp regen but they can be very good on champs like soraka .
the main reason apart from the above is that hp5 actually becomes less valuable with levels .
not only is hp5 a less useful stat but it actually costs less to get later into the game .
this is because all purchased hp5 is percent of base and your base hp5 increases with level .
that said these can be entertaining on a couple of champs they 're quite efficient and have enough impact to not make me gag if you choose them .
junglers like warwick and xin zhao make particularly entertaining use of them .
this is the most common most general choice for glyphs .
flat mr will give any champion good early game survivability against mages some tanks and many supports .
most champions deal at least some amount of magic damage so taking at least 5 of these is the most standard thing to do .
when in doubt these are the glyphs to take .
these are great when your lane opponent deals little to no magic damage but the enemy team still has quite a bit of it .
an example might be laning top against a renekton who deals no magic damage until level 6 when the enemy mid laner is orianna .
again these can be useful on any champion or role .
these provide a good early game boost to ap-scaling champion 's skills .
they also improve wave clear which can be very important .
they are a good choice when your lane opponent deals mostly physical damage and you scale well off of ap .
consider taking 4-5 along with 4-5 magic resist glyphs .
most of the time i find these less effective than flat ability power .
they do grant more ap at higher levels and will improve wave clear more than flat ap in mid game..
if you are playing a long range scaling mage they can be a good choice .
most people do n't realize that these runes exist .
they are actually incredibly effective when combined with magic pen marks on champions with high base magic damage skills .
however they do not provide any noticeable improvement to waveclear and you will miss out on magic resist by taking them .
these can be effective on manaless champions such as riven or rengar but are usually taken on mid laners .
they allow more spam and permit you to reach the cdr cap more easily .
unfortunately you can only reach 7.5 cdr from these so usually you will combine them with one cdr quint to reach 10 cdr to start the game .
these are quite common on mid laners right now .
taking 6 will allow you to gain 10 cdr by level 18 and still give you 3 slots for mr or ap .
if you 're particularly adventurous you can take 9 of these and 1 cdr/lvl quint to get 20 cdr from runes alone .
essentially taking these is useful for hitting the cdr cap more easily .
you should already know what cdr items you plan on building when deciding to take these .
taking these will grant you a somewhat noticeable increase in mana regen early game .
if your champion is particularly spammy with mana issues i suppose they can be okay .
note that you 're missing out on magic resist or ability power though so it would be better if you could just manage your mana better ...
similar to mana/5 except weaker early and stronger late .
i do n't see the need for them when morello/seraph/roa exist but they 're not inefficient so if you insist ...
taking 4-5 of these can be an option on adcs .
they will provide a slight bonus to your dps throughout the game and if your opponent lane does n't deal too much magic damage they can be effective .
if your name is ryze or blitzcrank these can be decent .
only for adcs that are really doing weird things and know exactly what they 're doing .
specifically when taking hp seals of one form or another attack speed quints attack damage marks and mixed armor and mr glyphs .
instead of going through all your options i 'll tell you the ones to not get .
quints tend to be less efficient in the per level category than the flat one and quints are where you get your biggest early game bonuses .
wait what am i saying are n't they the same thing ?
quints are for combat stats or something you ca n't get in marks seals or glyphs .
see the maximizing stats section above you should always take your hp in seals and armor in quints not the other way around .
not combat stats for anyone but ryze and blitzcrank .
if you need mana/regen get an item or if you insist on it a few mana regen glyphs .
bonus experience is only good for trolling as/with a zilean and you should n't be planning on dying so do n't get minus time dead .
all other quints can at least be useful situationally .
here i 'll list the basic standard setups everyone can make use of .
i 've said throughout here a couple times that what a stat actually does for you in game is the most important thing when it comes to choosing runes .
but how do i know what a stat is going to do for me ?
you have to figure out what your champion needs help doing in the upcoming game .
i have multiple rune pages dedicated exclusively to surviving difficult matchups .
for example http na.op.gg/summoner/username=xdarkwind uh-oh '' page 2 is a page designed to deal with zed and only zed .
i take this page when playing anivia against zed and at literally no other time .
specifically not dying from levels 1-6 against him is very important because after level 7 or so anivia can pretty easily prevent him from engaging using e r to chunk him out .
after 1-2 of these he either has to base or sit back farming passively because if he tries to all in you you can kill him with e r q ignite .
so in this rune page i took flat armor quints flat hp seals flat magic pen and flat ap the most powerful early game setup possible for a lane vs zed .
this page is designed to deal with leblanc and again the only time i take it is playing anivia vs leblanc .
once again not dying early is critical but this time i find it slightly easier to accomplish .
so i took mr quints and glyphs with scaling hp seals not quite as strong early but still incredibly difficult for leblanc to kill you through .
later into the game i generally build a banshee 's veil if she 's still a problem and then i never die to her again .
unlike the previous two pages in this page i do n't care about defense .
because it 's for xerath when playing against immobile teams .
specifically teams that have no way of engaging on me in late game .
i take mana regen seals and magic pen everything else .
think again this does an insane amount of damage and is way more efficient than you think .
the mana regen lets me use more spells which allows me to stay farther away from my enemies and take less damage the magic pen lets me 100-0 squishies .
oh and magic resist wo n't make you not a squishy because i take thunderlord 's sorcerer 's shoes void staff and sometimes even liandry 's .
until you have 90 magic resist you actually have 0 .
finally we can take a look at kyla cries cologne page 16 .
would you believe that this too is an anivia page ?
this page is for laning against fizz kassadin and akali .
so i 'm going to abuse the crap out of them with my 600 range auto attacks by taking 15 ad between runes and masteries and i 'm not going to let them kill me by taking a magic resist quint mr/lvl glyphs and hp/lvl seals .
because these champions typically ca n't all-in anivia until at least level 6 .
by level 6 the scaling mr glyphs flat mr quint give more mr than flat mr glyphs and the hp/lvl is almost equal with flat hp .
sadly this kind of rune page specialization has a cost .
17 of my 20 rune pages are dedicated to mid lane .
even so i do n't feel that i have the kind of specialization i 'd really like even in mid .
until riot decides to change how rune pages work it simply wo n't be possible to have this situational of runes for very many champions .
still hopefully these examples give you an idea of what a rune book dedicated primarily to a single lane and only a few champions might look like and even if you ca n't use these exact strategies it should help you come up with strategies of your own .
the numbers generated from higher cost items from items with multiple stats or generated indirectly such as energy or energy regen are less accurate than those generated from low-cost basic items that only grant a single stat .
for this reason the exact value of crit damage magic penetration armor penetration cooldown reduction gold income energy and energy regen may not be accurate .
it should be possible to determine how i calculated all the values in the workbook from the formulas and explanations .
if you have any questions corrections or suggestions regarding my calculations please let me know .
health and mana regeneration values are averages for all champions wherever possible you should use the appropriate table from the health regen comparison or mana regen comparison sheets for your particular champion s to get more accurate view of the value of these runes .
again do n't forget that gold efficiency and stat efficiency are just here to help you figure out what 's best do n't take hybrid pen on an adc just because it 's worth the most !
edit 1 two corrections thanks to u/aplayerofgames and u/seredhras .
edit 2 added the customizing rune pages '' section .
this problem is different from the previous area questions !
looking for non-touristy things to do on weekday evenings .
i know both fights are considered classics and fotys but i think this is an unpopular opinion .
regardless i just rewatched hendricks/lawler i during a welterweight title fight watching spree and i think this fight is amazing and an even better recent welterweight title fight than the heralded rory/robbie ii war .
i 'm going to explain why i think so so if you have n't seen those fights you should stop reading and go watch them because spoilers '' to come !
the storyline of the fight could n't be scripted better than it played out .
hendricks felt robbed after losing a controversial split decision in a title fight versus the greatest welterweight of all time gsp .
in his post fight interview he was flabbergasted and angry vowing to take the title .
now with gsp retired he gets his chance once more .
hendricks wins the first two rounds establishing his prowess and hurting lawler .
but in the 3rd round lawler flipped a switch wobbling hendricks with stunningly powerful punches and literally laughing in the face http 3.bp.blogspot.com/-u6oq16ipa3o/uyuvxh8khxi/aaaaaaaad2e/xicuwywnc-e/s1600/1.gif of hendricks 's combinations .
lawler 's powerful combinations dominated the 4th round as well and suddenly we go into round 5 with the fight even .
hendricks had enough left to win the championship in the 5th round .
he outlasted robbie and hurt him with unpredictable combinations of punches and leg kicks and secured a takedown late in the round to lock up the round the fight and the championship .
lawler shook his head in disappointment as he sat pinned to the mat and out of gas knowing the title had slipped through his fingers .
when the final bell rang it was clear hendricks had done enough to take it .
as bruce buffer announced the winner hendricks turned half around to watch bruce in nervous anticipation .
when his name was called he dropped to his knees http coolfindr.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/2014-03-14-law.jpg in happiness .
there was brutal back and forth action and the way they traded the lead and it all came down to the 5th was perfect .
johnny 's title journey came to a well-earned conclusion and lawler 's legendary streak would continue with robbie eventually winning a split decision rematch title fight .
this is n't to take away from robbie/rory ii which was certainly the best fight of 2015 and an all-time classic .
but i see it cited so frequently here and i think it has sort of overshadowed what i think is an even better fight in terms of entertainment value .
tl dr the storylines the suspense of the way they traded rounds and it came down to the 5th the great action and the moments like laughin ' robbie make hendricks/lalwer i the best welterweight title fight of the post-gsp era .
it was a cold winter in the frozen wastes of greenland .
snow whipped up into the air as frigid winds swept across the ground .
a dark figure walked across the white permafrost contrasting the blinding white light .
the wind beat at his back dusting his furs with ice .
his name was claude an ice fisherman that went a bit further than he should have .
his lips had turned blue and his eyes were frozen nearly shut .
the wind and the cold had sapped his strength and now he struggled to even stand much less walk in the snow .
he knew that soon he would die unless he found help .
his weak shaky arms pushed into the snow as he struggled to get up .
the gale continued to blow and snow began to pile onto claude forcing him back down .
he would never see his wife again or get to meet his unborn son .
his boy would have to grow up without him all because his father was a stupid old man that could n't find his way in a sudden tempest .
claude closed his eyes and let out one last sigh before giving up .
a strange cold feeling passed through him starting at his feet and hands .
it slowly worked its way though his arms and finally up his body .
then he started to feel warmer as if he were being defrosted .
his weakness began to melt off him and he stood up easily from his icy tomb .
claude stopped and pondered the curious nature of what happened .
he was sure he was dead and yet now he was brushing the snow off his outer coat .
a jingle pierced the air behind him and he slowly turned to looked behind himself .
it was hard to make out but a small green figure slowly marched up to him .
what appeared to be a child dressed in a green elf costume stopped just in front of claude .
he wore bells on his shoes and a smile on his face .
he could n't place it but something was strange about that smile .
golly mister that was close was n't it ? the small child stared at claude grinning .
what is your name ? claude reached out for the boy but he disappeared .
my name is lethe. the elf laughed if you want to come to my village you can .
it did n't seem like he really had a choice .
the elf giggled and began to skip through the snow with claude toiling behind .
they walked for what seemed like hours yet he did n't feel tired or hungry .
he was n't sure but he thought lethe was doing something to keep him alive .
when he looked back up this gaping maw was ready to swallow him whole .
you live in a cave ? claude felt strange .
claude looked behind him at the miles of desolate snowdrift and realized he really did n't have a choice now .
okay i 'm ready. they quickly began their descent into the unknown .
at first everything was blacker than the darkest night .
claude 's eyes slowly adjusted and he could make out the silhouette of the child as he skipped through the murky swirls of shadow .
soon however not even the light from outside could filter through the black abyss behind them .
that 's when he noticed the strange blue glow coming from the cave walls .
cracks in the wall glowed with a mysterious deep blues and elegant purples .
they seemed to provide enough light to make out a path and so deeper they went .
we 're almost to the river ! lethe chimed .
claude strained his ears and could hear rushing water ahead .
the cave began to open up rapidly into a massive cavity that stretched up hundreds of feet .
the entire room glowed the same eerie blue that he had seen earlier .
in front of them a massive river gently flowed separating them from the other side .
a rickety old boat bobbed in the black waters .
it was moored to an even more rickety pier that creaked under claude 's weight .
he hopped into the boat and beckoned him to follow .
lethe worked the oars guiding them further across the ghoulish waters .
claude stole a glance of the edge only to see no reflection anywhere .
not even the bright blue stones reflected in the strange liquid .
claude reached to touch the water but lethe shook his head .
the other side of the river grew larger as they approached it .
claude could make out the bank clearly now as hundreds of figures loomed over the waters watching him drift closer and closer .
some were tall with spindly arms while others were short and fat .
however they all had one uniform feature shared amongst them all .
their smiles contorted upwards revealing rows of sharp jagged teeth and beyond their eyes the screams of hell resounded .
does the free tablet plan include binge on if my regular phone plan is the 6gb plan ?
we 're working on it with our storage vendor but bottom line is if we need to read from disk it 's slow .
this makes keeping stuff in cache and memory very important as it 's the only thing keeping us operating .
we run a dbcc checkdb daily at midnight as is recommended practice and i understand why the frequency of these checks is important .
the problem is when checkdb runs our ple crashes to almost 0 then takes the whole day to build back up .
you can see the disk latency stats blow out when staff come in the morning due to having to re-read data back into the cache .
we ran a test and went a few days without running checkdb on our primary database .
no ple crash no io spikes at the start of the day and generally overall better responses .
with a daily checkdb our ple starts out at 0 at midnight and climbs towards 67k when it repeats over .
running for 3 days without checkdb it got all the way up to 250k before capping out there and holding steady .
we saw better transactions/sec we saw better metrics across the board .
now we know that this is due to the storage being shite .
i ca n't fix that right now it 's an ongoing thing .
my only thing is to keep as much as possible in ram .
is there any known way to let checkdb do it 's thing but not affect the main buffer pool while doing it short of running checkdb less frequently ?
r/vita has been hacked as it seems by what it looks like to be reddit users d91 and g1b what can we do to stop this ?
edit from what i 've gathered it 's been fixed however one of the mods accounts has been deleted
i 've had my nespresso machine for about 5 months now and i absolutely love it .
i was wondering if there are any alternative pods that compare to the arpeggio .
does rocket league have cross platform play from ps4 to pc ?
i am just about to purchase rocket league for ps4 to play with my pc friends .
i have been told rocket league supports cross-platform play but my google searches on the subject gave me mixed answers .
so i wanted to hear direct from the source before making the purchase .
out for a ride yesterday came across a couple of deer on a wonderful little country road .
they spooked and took off running i put my head down and went full sprint .
if you 're ever want to feel bad about your sprint go find some deer spook them and try to chase them down .
you 're such a fat slut after sex you smoke hams .
i thought they were both fighting for women 's rights .
or is it that the feminists argue that they do n't need a man ?
a man who treats them with respect with dignity ?
not having risen to euphoric levels of gentlemanliness myself i do n't know the answer .
i am a little curious is anyone happy with the photo on your sun card .
well i 'm clearly not happy because my face looked warped .
great war between reddit viper and arctic circle who matched up during the fairplay potluck event last weekend .
viper pulled out the victory but there were some great attacks on both sides .
well guys i decided recently that i would start a youtube channel .
honestly i 'm really lost when it comes to stuff like this and i was wondering if you guys could please give me your perspective and critique .
just pretty much lost a coin flip due to this .
soldier helix rockets genji in the face as soon as he pops ult genji spawns and slices us up .
pretty stupid we would have won easily if he did n't just destroy us with a zen ult .
since c4 is so prevalent in the current meta this could be a way to balance it bit and help bringing back montagne and co. to their former glory again .
basically if you are holding a shield and are facing an exploding nitro cell you 'll get some damage and your shield breaks .
after your shield broke you are still alive or downed and have your pistol but your shield is gone .
montagnes extended shield will block some more damage than blitz/fuze/recruit shield .
blackbeard is op as he is and would n't be affected by this new mechanic .
if a nitro cell explodes behind you or to your sides you will still get killed as usual .
i think this change would strengthen the frontline-tank role shield-ops are supposed to take without rendering c4 useless because after breaking a shield those ops are n't as dangerous anymore .
not sure how many other guys have this problem but when i pack my can pinch it and try to pack it in i usually end up getting it everywhere .
i pinch with my right hand and pack into my left molar .
so to combat this is just take like 5 small pinches .
how do you guys get a fat pinch in without it shredding in your hands ?
i 'm doing long cut and i know the can is fresh since i just opened it lol .
the only dip that would actually stay together is tough guy for me .
ca n't wait to order more of that stuff .
we 'll be creating a new thread for discussion of each day of racing .
if you 're watching rowing for the first time feel free to ask any questions in the comments below .
world rowing have also produced a video about how to watch a rowing race https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=avg1aygkhgc
event list below is taken from here https www.google.co.uk/search ? q=rowing 20olympics 20schedule 202016 mie=oly 2c 5b 22 2fm 2f06f41 22 2c5 2c 22r 22 2c1 5d rct=j and here https www.rio2016.com/en/rowing .
if you know any other streams please leave a comment or message the mods .
i really like bow knight niles so much better than his silly frilly cape .
heard from ric on bluemoon that he signed last night .
me and my friends just downloaded a background update for overwatch did anyone else ?
so i 've been playing europa universalis iv for a few hundred hours now and i consider myself a decent player .
i do good with european countries like austria and france but i wanted to form arabia .
i saw mamluks as the best candidate but every time i tried to do that the ottomans would come in later and wipe out my army and take my land .
i would have and army with 4 times the size of their 's in a battle but they absolutely destroy my army .
i have no trouble fighting off any other middle eastern nation as mamluks but i 'm totally helpless when it comes to the ottoman empire .
so i came to reddit wondering if anyone could fill me in on how to fight off the ottomans so they wo n't bother me in the future .
i 'm fighting metal gear rex and i 'm having such a hard time with him .
it 's hard to dodge when they keep homing in on me .
i know i need to use my stinger and chaff grenades but the problem is i 'm rather low on the latter .
hi i 'm not sure if this has been mentioned before .
this video has been getting a lot of attention recently people have been suspecting there might be some new clues in there due to the whole hacking '' thing at the start
the names for ana 's abilities appear using an unscramble '' text effects but this is n't just random .
it looks like the text is actually consistently being decrypted using the same method each time
i do n't know a huge amount about cryptography but it looks like a set of 4 caeser-ish ciphers being applied in order.
actually now that i 've looked at it a bit closer .
it looks like it just shifts all the letters one space left '' in the alphabet at each stage .
anyway figured i 'd just post this before i had to go to work .
hopefully someone smarter than me can make something of it .
this is mainly so that anybody else that might run into this problem might have some guidance .
before i reset the surface pro 3 the audio did n't work and neither does the typepad keyboard thingy .
i installed it by using rufus to make a live usb .
i reset windows 10 and had to try and recover the grub2 screen .
i made an ubuntu desktop http www.ubuntu.com/download/desktop live usb so that i can use boot-repair instructions found here https help.ubuntu.com/community/boot-repair and it worked .
side effects there are more entries in the grub menu .
edit formatting and note attempts to install boot-repair to my existing lubuntu live usb failed with a message that basically said that repository does n't exist
we start 1 qb 2 rb 3 wr 1 te 1 flex 2 de 2 dt 3 lb 2 cb 2s .
this is how is going my start up draft so far .
hopkins-t y hilton white kelce dion lewis decker prosise mckinnon tanehill deandre washington strong sheldon richardson rankins and geno atkins .
planning to grab gore/forsett to compete now and some guys like os flacco .
i do n't have an eating disorder that i know of but for a couple years now my appetite has been decreasing .
at first i just stopped eating breakfast ate lunch every so often and i would always be hungry towards dinner .
the past few months have been excruciating for me .
every time i see or smell food i feel like i 'm going to puke .
i 've lost a lot of weight and none of my clothes fit me anymore .
all of these articles online are saying to eat 6-8 small meals a day but that number makes my head spin .
i ca n't even eat one small meal a day !
i try to get my calorie intake for the day do n't scold me i know it 's bad through soda since it 's bombarded with calories and it seems like the only thing i can drink soda addict here .
every morning i feel sick from not eating that much from the day before but i feel even more sick at the thought of eating .
i should also say that i 'm not doing this to loose weight .
in fact i have to gain weight this just is n't healthy at all and i know this .
i 've tried to tell my mom about this but she just treated it like some sort of joke .
i do n't know how to get the point across to her .
even if i did get help what will a doctor do ?
at this point i really do n't care as long as i get better .
i have a very young sister grade school-young that i love but of course that 's a pretty massive age gap .
i like the idea of making a new family-like relationship with someone and i 've always opened up more freely to women for whatever reason so i think maybe the idea of finding some sister '' types on here sounds nice .
i 'm looking for someone to have an actual relationship with .
talking about whatever staying in regular contact that sort of thing .
meeting people online is easy but actually cultivating lasting relationships takes legitimate work .
you do n't have the benefit of seeing and interacting with them regularly so you have to be a bit more on the ball .
i 'll admit i can disappear for some days here and there not intentionally but i am very much committed to the idea that this is possible and i can find meaningful connections somewhere in this place .
to reiterate i really do n't mind talking about anything .
if you wish to talk about work go for it .
just saw a terrible movie and you want to trash it with someone ?
of course it 's easier to make connections when there are common interests so i 'll share some of the things i 'm in to and thinking about lately .
for most of my life i 've been very in to video games .
i read books on them listen to podcasts watch videos and of course play lots of them .
the past month or two though i 've sorta been putting them down in favor of more passive media .
tv shows movies anime manga comics yes manga are comics but you know what i mean .
what i 'm saying is i enjoy media so if you 're big on something feel free to bring it up !
i 've also been big on trying to improve the quality of my life lately .
once i get my shit together a bit more i 'd like to start focusing on learning new skills so that maybe i can earn a better living someday .
i do n't know what we 'd talk about relating to this stuff but if you think about these kinds of things as well maybe we can talk about it ?
just keep in mind i 'm not looking for something fleeting .
please only respond if you 're legitimately looking to work on a relationship .
it takes time and most likely we wo n't just click right off the bat .
i 'll put forth the effort if you do .
also though i 'm specifically interested in a sister relationship any bros that dig anime and the like can feel free to pm me as well .
i feel like there are fewer anime fans than most other things represented here p
already beat it but trying for the other items .
i noticed that siren does n't like when you use golem and ifrit hates when you use undermine '' on him .
those two are almost instant death every time i use them .
i do n't remember reading this on the japanese strategy guide for them .
big shout out to players forzetii and elfi ! !
so as the title implies my sisters and i are planning on building a new pc for my mom to use as her current one is pretty lackluster and just does n't have the power she needs .
we have until december to buy all the parts but are still trying to keep it within a decent price without cutting too many corners .
this is the current list of parts i 've come up with on pcpartpicker .
what do you guys and gals think of this build ?
i have not included a gpu but will probably end up getting her one in the future .
pcpartpicker part list http pcpartpicker.com/list/b9fskt price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/list/b9fskt/by_merchant
i start an instagram account postmodernmemes to post memes and try and accumulate 4000 followers to win a bet with one of my mates .
so i do this for a couple of days posting memes following quite a few randoms and liking their pics to get them to check out my account .
i participate in the odd 'spam for spam ' and 'follow for follow ' thing but i think that 's pretty normal right ?
so about half an hour ago i got my account disabled for violating the community guidelines and/or terms of use as the message told me when i tried to log in after being suddenly logged out .
so naturally thinking this is bogus i go to appeal the decision to get my account back and continue on my merry way to winning this bet .
which i 'm sure would be fine if the form they got you to fill out was n't broken as all hell .
it literally will not allow me to fill in the 'country you 're writing from ' field automatically erasing anything i write in there .
is there anything i can do at this point to submit an appeal some other way contact instagram or get my account back on its feet ?
also if there is a better subreddit to be posting this question please let me know .
i just want you guys to know that i 'm a lurker using a throwaway account of course .
i have been downvoting almost every pokemon go discussion in drd/nrd .
i 'm sorry but the discussions there are getting really long and annoying .
just make your own text topic about it or go to the ph pokemon go subreddit .
the momentums do not fit my ears so i am trying to get rid of them .
im willing to hear other trade offers for the headphones even non audio related .
hoping to see some nice early date large cents in here ...
some of my friends believe that if you drink alcohol before early in the day and sober up before rolling the roll will hit harder because you are more dehydrated .
they also say do n't drink too much water while rolling because it 'll sober me up faster .
i 'm up for regular 6v6 not a huge fan of 3v3
i had my hair tinted back to match my natural colour about 6 weeks ago .
the plan was to have it all tinted back to natural so that root regrowth did not show and then to do an ombre on the ends .
the ombre was intended to be lightening right up to the palest colour so that i can start using it as a canvas '' for fun colours instead of doing my whole head i have had bright colours for years but the root regrowth was driving me mad .
after i had it tinted the hairdresser said i could have my next treatment in 4 weeks or longer .
i decided to save the money and do the ombre part myself .
i 'm not a professional but i do n't expect professional results or speed .
i 've just done the first dye and got it to a mid-brown .
i decided to take the ombre part slow and use a conditioner mix instead and do it over several months until i achieve the colour on the ends that i 'm after .
i do n't mind taking a month between dye periods to help my hair recover .
it 's now feeling a little dry which is to be expected .
it does not feel damaged just like it could use some moisture .
i 'm looking into salon deep conditioning treatments and wondering if it 's worth it .
firstly is it worth doing in a salon or am i just as well off buying an at-home deep condition and wrapping it up overnight ?
also if i plan to bleach it again in mid september is it worth doing the condition now ?
or will it affect the ability for my hair to be bleached again ?
reports of kone to everton for 18m if so he would surely be the best 4.5 by far starting for everton ?
looking to start a home gym for as cheap as possible .
i saw a post http forum.bodybuilding.com/showthread.php ? t=170055743 highlight=cheapo+setup saying i should buy the ob-86b and sell the bar in the bundle .
and if so are there any good weight sets that do n't come prepackaged with a bar ?
edit was talking about this http www.dickssportinggoods.com/product/index.jsp ? productid=10793623 weight set for context .
i am currently using a nexus 5x mainly for playing pokemon go .
however it does get pretty hot in outdoor and the battery life is a bit poor .
so should i consider a note 4 to replace it ?
i am considering a note 4 or mi max .
new here but just wanted to share a league i 'm running this year
free to join and £50 cash prize not many members yet so good chance of winning everyone 's welcome to join
i was browsing reddit and clicked on this dudes ama ... i started reading and thought hey that sounds like a cool idea .
then i read a little more and read that post that details what you do in the game and i freaked the fuck out hyping myself up about how fucking awesome this game is going to be .
it 's three in the morning and i have no one to share this news with but i am more excited about this game than i have been about any game i have ever played in my life .
as a side note will i be able to buy the game at a walmart or gamestop or will i need to download it ?
hello so i 'm currently recruiting for a speech data collection project .
the data will be used to train speech recognition systems .
the company i am recruiting for is appen http appen.com a company that specialize in speech and search technology .
appen an australian based company provide services to 9 out of 10 of the worlds top 10 global technology companies http www.afr.com/technology/appen-shares-up-218-per-cent-in-14-months-buoyed-by-strong-results-20160228-gn61x4 .
i 've been recruiting for quite some time now after receiving a huge influx of participants for the uk project due to receiving attention from multiple news outlets http www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-edinburgh-east-fife-36954045 i have now decided to concentrate on finding under 16s for the project .
the deadline for this project will be the 16th august
the task is recording voice prompts like indy now '' google what 's the time '' .
each phrase takes around 3-5 seconds.the task must be completed through the google chrome browser so that the integrated recorder on the webpage is fully functioning .
the task does not require you to complete it in one time it can be done in one day or over several days .
us children under 16s the task is 100 x 5 500 phrases which takes 45 minutes to complete this pays 25 .
it 's available for 1 to 15 year olds males females .
also a consent form must be signed by parents to allow their child to participate in the task .
additionally to stop fraud we now require proof of age documentation for the child .
proof of age can be school letters/i.d a passport or birth certificate basically anything that indicates that the child is under 16 .
we do not need any extraneous information such as your address passport number etc you can blank this information out when uploading it .
payments to roll out on 18th via paypal i am willing to arrange giftcards if you do n't have paypal .
if you do wish to participate in this project please fill in this quick questionnaire .
also i do have a private subreddit setup but have opted to take a different approach this time around so that i can ensure communication is fast and effective and information is not overlooked .
if you would like to be added in the pvt subreddit then leave your reddit username in the comments section of the form .
my limited understanding of electronics is that the ground is needed for things like electric motors to stop them cooking themselves when you take your finger of the drill trigger for example .
also home electronic kits always have 3 pins one being ground .
how then are wireless devices grounded when they have no connection to a large chunk of metal or something ?
iv'e encountered a problem a few times where the area is n't properly rendering i can drop through bridges and the buildings will be pixelated .
if i stand still for a few minutes it tends to load the area but i'ts only started recently .
could it be the game struggling with the mods loaded ?
it happens even in areas that would n't have modded assets as well though ?
i noticed today after obtaining a surprise party amumu skin in a hextech chest that it was showing the urf skins instead of surprise party skins .
i 'd had it on a legacy console and made the choice to purchase it on the ps4 this week after some conversation with friends stemming from disappointment with other game we were playing .
gone of the frustrations felt on the daily during the first playthrough .
this time seems different as i 'm finding myself not only nostalgic but pleased with the game play and graphics on the current gen console .
each mission feels fresh and rewarding even when i do n't get a good bit of loot .
i was surprised to find the spark of adventure again when i fire this game up and i find myself looking forward to the next iron banner or srl as well as the new incoming dlc .
i do n't want to damage need instructions on how to remove the cover to get to the cable .
i also want to wash the foam cover when removed .
should i just chuck it in the washing machine ?
but i wanted to send the nl pricewatch site for it to a friend but then realized not many shops are selling it anymore .
the 2 shops that do ask way to much .
because even the old one https tweakers.net/product/377883/motorola-moto-360 which was still sold a lot up until recently has gone out/up in price .
i wonder if the moto 360 's are all stopping and also what does this mean for updates .
it is of a city on the left and a festival on the right .
there is a bridge dividing the two going over a canyon of some kind and a rebellious festival goer threatning to cut the bridge separating the city society and the festival fredom with a machette .
the festival side has vw campervans in the background and is very green and free .
the city side has reds and clearly disagrees with these festival goers hippies
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
also feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score so people can compare .
subs always drop after the first few months that 's nothing new .
the only problem i had with wod was the year long final tier that become the norm .
well my cathedral length wedding veil should be here any day now and i 'm pretty excited once it comes in the mail .
if only there was some way to turn them off ... like a cable that goes into a wall socket or something .
apparently they do it every now and again to coincide with major sporting events .
it is good that a pollie is standing up to this .
this kind of thing is harder for us plebs to pull off because of the fines etc .
it might be a bug with a feature for corporate users which can force users to change their pass code .
the popup is apparently linked to your safari history somehow although you can ignore it .
if you clear your safari browsing data it should squash the bug for a while .
i 've never had it happen to me but i 've always used a password instead of a simple code .
now people will start complaining that tracking is too easy and we should get back to not having footsteps for the better adventures
google told me バラ肉was the meat surrounding the ribs of the cow or pig so i thought 豚バラ was just pork rib meat .
i do n't really know what pork belly is .
more so with art that programming but even that is still possible .
think about what a game studio would need employees to do .
feel free to bounce ideas off me we can work together .
i 'll see if i can find a copy nearby .
a lot of people on reddit point to the poor result and make it seem like leaving sadam alone would have been fine but it was 6 one way half a dozen the other .
action or inaction people would be getting tortured and murdered horrifically .
a lot of this dank meme '' shit well more specifically its apparent side-effect of manufacturing people with highly unoriginal personalities/senses of humour just makes me cringe .
do you realize trump would have the same position on the whole bakery spectacle ?
thee tablet and mac version still require a lot of work .
tess did n't exactly have the patience to wait around like this but she 'd really prefer to not leave her teammate behind like that and she 'd really rather not be alone with the schrodingers right now .
barely as the ride began tess would hear the two variants comment on her in a sexual nature causing her to look up at the one who spoke first .
... .do n't you think we have more important priorities right now compared to this relationship stuff ? ''
she did n't even sound that mad she just seemed more astounded than anything else that somebody would speak about that when they 'd have to deal with a possible threat ... then again these are the schrodingers .
i 'm talking to the higher ups about a costume change cuz this is getting ridiculous dammit ... '' she would think to herself as she looked around it seemed as though the schrodingers were now focusing on humour now .
they seemed more shocked than anything else and tess was just able to figure out why .
she can change her shape at will with no trouble .
you saw her when she was able to make appendages with them . ''
she would state calmly hoping they would n't go into a frenzy as a result .
ask for a pic of the boost itll help determine if thisnis a new batch or just hels
proprietary storage did n't work out so well for the vita but that 's probably just an extreme case .
im not certain but i think they were updated to the new rigs and some of the animations bend them out of shape a little ...
alts has and playing multiple toons has always been a large part of wow ... it would be a shame if they made this difficult .
well one possible leak said there was an alolan pidove '' that was pure white ...
if so she was channeling sinead o'connor 's political views regarding the british occupation of northern ireland .
the show hilariously decided to do that due to luanne 's shaved head resembling sinead 's .
this will get buried but my sister turned 18 on 6/6/06 .
her age will always be the month day and year added together .
yeah i 've talked to her about it but she told me not to worry for now since i got the nexplanon rod in my arm .
she said if the need ever arises we could talk in depth about it more 0
that 's true there are many many different ways to play humans .
i did n't know the difference between salt and pepper till i was 16
bringing it up out of the blue to feel validated .
did you not read the pre and post readings for them ?
iats mean nothing for an indivual 's actual beliefs .
what they reveal is how buried prejudice can be within our society .
what low dose people do is more like a light sprinkle several times a day .
i tried to link the yahoo 7 article instead of courier mail but reddit australia does n't allow yahoo 7 url 's
i 'm not exactly rushing into this masters program but when i did n't get any acceptances of any of my masters applications i was already working on plans b c and so on .
i was under the impression that a masters degree would look really good on the application but looking at sdn and other sites my mind is changed .
i do n't think any smps accept spring admissions but a few pa programs do so i might go in that direction .
get some hce hours and apply to a pa program .
you are driving a vehicle that weighs at least around 1 ton .
you are driving a vehicle on a highway at around 60 mph .
you are driving a vehicle that if you hit someone has a chance to kill them .
you are driving a vehicle that if you are not paying attention can kill you .
you are taking your life and the life of those in your vicinity of driving a vehicle into your hands by not choosing to run their asses over .
being on a freeway highway interstate offramp onramp etc ... does n't matter whether or not it 's fatal .
if you hit someone and it mangles their car or yours then you can probably bet it 's going to cause some serious damage at high speeds .
i guess what i am saying is do n't be an idiot .
if you feel the need to check your phone or turn the radio channels constantly ?
then you probably should n't be driving because chances are you will either kill yourself or others .
i would love having that black t-shirt but 20 pounds does seem a little steep .
i 've found that if you highlight a star that already had a waypoint you can re-add that waypoint but not remove it .
if his pants were off too then you would look like the hulk
most of the time you need the metric one to tighten the imperial one and vise versa .
we still have very little information about the pc version here 's hoping daddy sony will allow them to talk about it now that it 's released on ps4 .
at no point since alpha has this been possible .
hey dude i do n't have the pokemon u want but can u pls add me i reallllly want breloom !
he is just feeling sexually confused right now because even i think it looks tasty
i have epilepsy and i have watched all of fairy tail and one piece on a bingewatch .
you should take a small break every hour and watch it in daylight or a room that is well lit with a lamp above the room .
just put your strongest defenders and cash daily bonus .
may be a portal to the atlantic '' biome at the bottom ?
i was in srebenica about 2 months ago and i can say with confidence that it 's the most haunting place i 've ever been .
so eerily quiet and strewn with bullet holes everywhere you look .
i never believed in a single location having a dark energy '' until i walked amongst the graves at the memorial and saw the village itself amongst somber rain and tragic isolation .
if you 're in sydney go to peter wynns in parramatta !
copped my tits jersey for about 50 they also can iron on a number for you for only 10 a number
does it do that every time you go too fast ?
like if i close that message then go too fast again 20 seconds later will it pop up with that message once more ?
i 'm sorry i made it sound like i do n't do anything .
i work as a kennel tech and there is a lot of physical labor between scrubbing out kennels and we 're required to walk each dog around a track that 's half a mile long .
2,000 calories is a gross overstatement since i overestimate everything i put in and most days i do n't get to it .
maybe actually keeping track is something i should start doing .
s-so this is what you wanted to tell me ?
no snek should ever have to get by with half boops
fucking asg fucking fucks ... i hate them so very much .
pardon a belated reply but interesting analysis and perspective you present good reading .
some of your points recall a discussion on this topic posted to internet by james kent i bet you know of where he picked it over .
beyond questions of phenomenology or what anyone 's experienced individually i 'm struck by how much attention and commentary has been heaped upon this 'elves/entities ' trope but only since there 's been a terence mckenna and so little of it remotely critical in nature scope and scale .
as of 1960s an informal neo-tradition of telling 'my story of what happened when i took lsd ' arose .
back in the tim leary daze fyis of by and for the trippers broadcast all kinds of stuff about psychedelic experience .
and the lines cast were often baited as fit the context .
leary 'psychedelics are the best thing for sex since pussy . '
best tool for investigating the unconscious and psychodynamics ever . ''
the 'elves/entities ' had to wait for their debut in psychedelic society .
but it was a ready set pattern of testimonial 'witnessing ' into which mckenna inserted his brand thereof and seems to me massively upped its fairy tale ante .
intriguingly altho dmt is the 'poor donkey ' on which the elfin tale is currently pinned in mckenna 's 'first draft ' of the story they came from the mushrooms .
tracing origin of the story as founded turns out psilocybin not dmt was its starter 'peashell ' psychedelic .
apparently the hand is quicker than the eye '' and before long presto change-o they came from dmt hyperspace .
the origins of big-name world religions millenia old are lost in mists of antiquity .
but as relates to the sensational narrative of 'elves/entities ' viz psychology of religion wm james varieties of ... we 're seemingly sustaining the birth of brave new mythologies right before our eyes foundations of new religions taking shape observably in historic real time .
entity-wise first-hand anecdotes testimonials it happened to me too its all true '' seem to be the raw material of what resembles a religious narrative taking shape in our milieu .
one is the new testament traditions based on it i saw the light '' and can i get a witness '' etc .
as with the elves its all about the intrinsic 'reality ' of jesus .
as attested to by witnessing to 'a personal experience ' in which 'he comes into your heart . '
to believe in jesus is great goes old time religion 's 'witnessing ' line but not enough .
you got ta meet him in person get acquainted come to 'know jesus ' have a 'personal relationship ' with him .
faith is fine but it is n't enough to 'break thru ' 'enter the kingdom ' in that idiom you must be 'born again ' a radical experience that 'changes everything . '
however jesus is n't the little people '' where 'entities/elves '' are .
our new age might hold a comparison for emergent 'elf/entity ' narrative even better on that basis than old time religion 's namely alien abductionism .
such beliefs arise from stories of provocative encounters with anomalous beings/entities very analogous ...
apparently wishful thinking ambitions or status-seeking like mckenna can unwarily cross a line too easily into pretension pseudoscience etc .
kelley-romano 's phd study rhetorical analysis of 'alien abduction ' discourse pattern finds an emergent mythology of religious-like function/significance .
its likewise about supposed questions of the 'reality ' of independently existent entities .
along with many indicators in dmt psychedelia context e.g .
references alike to the 'alien ' nature of 'dmt entities ' possibly '' the customary fudge-caveat a 'lot in common ' with alien abductionism as analyzed by kelley-romano and others is evident .
throughout such discussion ... almost unremarked upon i find is the reality of not 'elves or entities ' but facts and questions the pattern raises .
studies in fields including psychology find that under certain circumstances many wind up telling of sensational experiential encounters that are completely confabulated .
factors operant in such a strange process include alteration of consciousness especially as affects suggestibility viz hypnosis in et-abductionism .
in 'marginalized subculture ' as elsewhere they clearly display decisive functions relative to content-specific approval/disapproval insofar as anecdotes trip reports '' i.e .
witnessing either conforms to operant belief system or does n't .
why do you think mr mcgreal does n't receive more intelligent replies to his inquiring mind approach to this subject ?
in both psychedelic and ufological corners herd reflexes of subcultural context herd cues etc prevail powerfully against deeper more nonpartisan investigation and research .
amazing what will come out of peoples mouths and it comes in handy apparently for certain purposes .
police brag about stories/statements they elicit by psychological methods from persons they interrogate even to the point of getting them to confess to crimes they did n't commit obviously to detriment of any good healthy interest especially of the 'confessor ' !
not to put fine point on anything only to say how unusual and interesting your analysis and reflection quite a refreshing exception amid so much lively tongue-wagging and eye-widened 'elf/entity ' chatter rising like a tide of sorts .
shaw is only 21 it 's still growing as a player..
but i can agree that it uncertain if he will deliver assists or not but he does play for manu and he does go forward a lot and he is sitting at 5,5 mil which is not all that much for a left back in a premium club such as manchester..
i understand that logic if manchester concede a goal it 's bad but i think in the longer term it will just even out or it even might get better this way..
mourinho has always played to win and not to shine i just believe they will concede few goals .
de roon but if i play 3-4-3 most of the time then a worthier midfielder just wasting millions on the bench but ok you have a point saying investing a little more that can be just a 0,5 mil more because i saw a few guys that could do a lot of good they probably are not but they could sitting at 5-5,5 mil..
but then again i think de roon at 4,5 can be very good as well for that money .
you do n't know the player he is a solid player new to premiership but not bad at all .
everybody taking kante at 5 mil and he is definitely never gon na assist or score goals this guy just might get a couple of assist now and then and even a goal or two..
probably seeing how many files i can fit into the recycling bin .
op says she knows stepsister would love to go to mexico .
shy and timid persons may feel awkward and insecure in social settings .
i vote for inclusion rather than exclusion because its the nice thing to do .
if they have more story to tell i 'm all for a season two .
the problem with true detective was executives rushing for another season to capitalize on the fame/good word of mouth from the first season .
hbo heads have already came out admitting their missteps with true detective i do n't think they 'll do that again .
however if the natural conclusion to the story comes at the end of nazirs arc i hope the end it strongly .
if you 're not restricted to just kapow i can do this in python .
i 'm willing to go as far as it takes to play the season at the school that i desire which is georgia . ''
he says that like he thinks there is still a fight '' to be had .
there is no higher authority you can go to to overrule them .
the only hope left is that you can garner enough public pressure to get bama to flip god help you if you want to change saban 's mind also
can we please put to rest all the stuff about academics ?
smith himself outright says it 's a business decision .
in which case saban saying no as a business decision '' is even less evil .
welcome to finom food pronounce fi-nom is the hungarian word meaning delicious and that 's what it 's all about making quick simple food that tastes finom-minal !
the idea behind finom food is to use simple ingredients creating great tasting food quick and easy and really delicious !
you do n't have to be a chef or know bio mechanical engineering science to enjoy good food but get yourself excited with how easy it is to make simple food appetizers and anything else that comes along the way with fun !
it created no discussion and falls under the general thing i 'm arguing against .
that was n't the thing that sparked my suggestion .
you 're arguing for arguing sake now get to bed lad
which admittedly the core of it was based around a stripped version of gamebryo
even then it 's not like they made the ce like 6 years ago and never did anything to it it 's constantly getting updates .
if you can go to marks work warehouse or some where else that specializes in work wear .
they even recommend types of boots based on your profession .
i personally try not to skimp out on boots for safety and just overall comfort .
does anyone else see other girls and think you can pull that outfit off then you try and you look dumb ?
i 'm loving the jeans and sneakers look right now but i feel so.. unfashionable haha .
sneakers are really popular right now and i really want to jump on that but i feel like i 'm too short and wind up looking like i 'm in highschool again
i used to want to be either 16 or 17 for the rest of my life .
i have some fantastic memories from that age but i also had a lot of heart ache .
i remember going with my once-best now-distant friend out at 2am and wandering the streets of the city in the summer .
we would meet up and just walk and talk .
i will never forget the scent of the city at that time period .
i will never forget the warmth of the summer on my skin the fluttering in my stomach because i was walking around with the one i loved .
i lived in a house i cherished in a neighborhood i cherished even more .
the streets were ours on those nights and i will never forget that .
i 'm happy now at 25 years old and engaged .
but sometimes i catch that same scent and i 'm transported back to when i was 16/17 and walking with my now distant friend .
i 'm gon na have to agree with you on megalon but i feel that ghidorah is sort of an inferior astro monster in my opinion .
trying to find you on facebook but i never saved your last name .
enough to get a lvl 1 player to lvl 65 .
the new nexus is the only one i can hope for
console players enjoy the game as much as pc users .
you 've probably been unlucky and caught them at the end of the month when they regained a tick of morale .
i readjusted my running schedule to take stronglifts 5x5 into account went from running 5x a week to running 3x and doing stronglifts 3x a week as part of attaining generally good fitness .
i 've been eating roughly 100 calories over the 1500 somewhat consistently but i 'm still losing weight by the day .
it probably has to do with the fact that my tdee is meant to be around 2300 calories so there 's still at least a 500-calorie deficit .
even so i want to keep the numbers green on mfp without the help of exercise calories .
i did it before so i know it is n't impossible .
i have n't heard about any mexican american reparations but if white people want to give me free money i 'm all for it .
i am bk18/aq30 with 56 lavas the rest are legos .
i anticipate being done with bk when i am half lava .
what troops do you farm with and what league ?
white man will save us all and vote for trump .
two haircuts ago i put gel in my hair for the first time .
it is safe to say that changed my life .
sounds like an average experience at the ol inpatient psych unit .
man if north korea were n't such jerks and joined the rest of the modern world they could host some kickass concerts there along with all kinds of awesome events .
you are talking marriage but it seems like you are really after kids .
this is more important than locking him down with marriage first and hoping everything else just happens the way you want it
are you saying he might have been taken out by an invisible sn
not sure if they 'd consider it much different but i had some cuss word on my profile like 6 or 7 years ago and i got banned for a single day .
goes to a week after that and 2 weeks after that .
i 've seen him in batting practices where his teammates and him did home run hitting competitions .
i knew the second i heard her say that it would be used against her .
they flatly soberly asked comey if what she said to the public was true !
i 'm at a loss as to what 's hard to understand about this simple factual timeline .
of course that comes under an actual official group which we do n't have excluding the hub which is not a group it is a hub !
with how angry he makes everyone you 'd think someone would give me an example already
remember that fi refunds you for data you do n't use .
so it 's more like 44 for 2 users with light data and in trade you get unlimited voice and text .
since we often get very close to 500 minutes and have to cut back at the end of a cycle that 's a nice perk
people here seem to know everything about the finances of every club .
its like they 're playing fm and managing a budget .
all of them brought into this world by women giving birth women are the problem .
hey guys lately i started one of my reckless '' diets and as such it comes down to just eating protein and fat.im most likely averaging 150-200g of protein and 50-80g of fat a day.there are the trace carbs found in things but i 'm fairly confident that over the last week not a single day did my carbs go over 30g .
my question is am i pretty much doing keto ? and if so is there anything i should know ? .
someone is apparently suing warner brothers and dc for showing scenes from suicide squad that were in the trailer but not in the final cut how do you feel about seeing scenes in trailers that are n't included in the final cut ?
i do n't think so considering clock speeds have n't really increased much .
historically did we manufacture and export more vs now ?
that 's really the only benefit to having a low dollar .
if we 're importing more or have to pay the world price '' for things made here we 're getting fucked .
i was thinking along the lines of civil or mechanical .
it has a solid core but it 's not cold there .
he can negate every card in your hand with no consequence .
check out r/webhosting many hosts offer let 's encrypt now as well .
we 've all been too stoned to comprehend what we 're reading at least once .
i do n't have a medical degree so keep that in mind but i would say that it ca n't hurt at all to get checked .
however it is certainly possible to snore without having sleep apnea .
the funny thing is that it does technically work in some scenarios but i would n't use it personally .
based on this its cpe and not ts since its so close to you .
should n't have gotten downvoted because that totally fits .
throw a burp into that dialogue and it could be rick .
rule 0 no threads that are answered by the wiki or by searching https www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/rules wiki_0._no_threads_that_are_answered_by_the_wiki_or_searching
after reviewing your post it appears that most or all of your questions can be answered by our wiki link http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/index especially the faq link http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/faq and getting started link http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/getting_started sections or by doing a search of past threads .
if you have a question that is covered but you need more clarification ask it in the moronic monday or foolish friday threads .
or one of the other handy-dandy weekly threads in the sidebar
please take the time to read these resources thoroughly as what you need to know can be found there .
feel free to make a new thread if you have more specific questions that are not answered by the wiki .
please note we do not field moderation questions via private message .
if you have a concern about this removal reply to this comment .
i had my blade custom made/balanced using a wood and carbon fibre composite .
it had stiga rubbers and i got it with a spare set of rubbers table tennis shoes and a couple of shirts all for around 600 .
it and the 30 blades are worlds apart and you really do get a substantially better blade .
sounds like a great idea but damn how loud and strong must that fan be ?
deadshot is deadshot because he can fire accurately with a pretty bad double-action trigger .
also my last name is long so i wanted a shorter first and middle name .
ok rock paper scissor is an exception but i 'm not sure of any competitive event where a best of '' series would go beyond that number even if there are draws .
i think that 's why they concluded he was the main character .
his network is huge he has interacted with pretty much every other character in the show .
he has cast a huge shadow but i 'm still thinking jon is the main character .
so here 's the real question who 's really the villain in this show ?
had similar happen while i was at work except i got to use my poncho and drive home in the rain too .
i was trying to spoof the actual line from the show .
considering it 's very clear that the da screwed over many homeworld gems in the corruption attack too it makes sense that they do n't tell the surviving hw gems what corruption really is .
in the episode jasper makes it clear she thinks being on earth has made the gems so corrupted/weak .
that 's also how she thinks rose will actually make another army .
jasper has no idea what corruption really is or its source .
ayyyy sometimes i like to just hold w and ram that bitch
goo gone or a small amount of olive oil on a paper towel has always done the trick for me .
i just find it a bit weird that a career military person of the rank of major would go to being called captain '' marvel .
commander major equivalent going to captain would work but as an airforce major it seems weird to me .
i know there is history with the character that leads to her taking that superhero name but since we are not going to have mar-vell as captain marvel '' preceding her it kind of makes more sense to me to have her as an airforce captain and that 's where the name comes from .
i think they just need some sort of id but it might need to be a ca
my brother in law did the whole travolta saturday night fever '' dance at my wedding reception .
everyone cleared the floor and he was absolutely killing it .
when he got to the part were he had his knees bent and kicking out he slipped and smacked his head on the wood dance floor and got a concussion .
i 'm sure you can find a model with a tow package .
well since i have the farms for it shepherds pie and spooky pie are my staple diet but i always carry around a sack of rice if i 'm in an emergency .
i think she 's extremely pretty but she looks very young like 15 to my eyes .
been to ultra 2015/2016 5tardium waterbomb global gathering and a handful of lg twins games hah .
a babyface attacked a heel and got a pop .
thank you i 'm starting a new school soon so i 've got ta look into that .
i ca n't give you the exact names for the keywords you 're going to need since i 'm nowhere near the ck and this is all coming from memory but you can reverse engineer them from existing objects .
as a basic you 're going to need a form list to hold all the trash pieces their base object not the references in case you plan to make only the stuff in your settlement to be scrappable you 're going to have to clone the original debris and junk and use the copy and be sure to add the copies to this form list not the original ones .
next you are going to need a constructible object recipe .
on the right hand side there 's a huuuuge dropdown this is what you need you will search for your form list and set it as the created object .
you will also have to add the corresponding materials that it will turn into and most importantly you have to add a special keyword that marks the item as non-movable scrappable .
if you need any more suggestions you can use the info on my mod patriot power armor companion http www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/15448 ?
select all and look for vic '' i recall some of the items become scrappable .
if you need help send me a message and i 'll be glad to help to the best of my abilities !
point 1 my history always has me thinking in pr terms so i know there 's absolutely no space for a tim announcement with rio happening .
optimum timing would have been pre-ffa cup r32 to take advantage of that plus a general lull in other football code news .
after that post-rio and pre-finals seems the most logical window .
point 2 4-4-2 could n't happen but ca n't see why bruno and timmy ca n't play together up front .
sorry because of the new email distribution i 'm no longer looking for a darkrai .
i 'm frankly impressed someone found kotaku worthy of ripping off .
a one income middle-class family affording a nice house in the burbs .
realistically any melee can run though it without clearing with no problem if a few def pots have been drunk or even a leather class with def close to maxed .
are you suggesting he 's not a true gentleman with impeccable class and euphoric levels of intellect ? ?
would you like to explain why you ca n't drink anti bacterial soap then ?
well in that case maybe the people of maine did n't want her to .
from what i heard the older brother witnessed it and then ran to get their mother who was on a different ride at the time .
your white miniatures look super super tiny compared to that massive guy up top .
favorite seeing players be happy and knowing that i had a positive impact on their day .
worst session fizzling out and feeling like i wasted everyone 's day .
yeah but the bracket is like 50 idk if it 's worth it imo
like taking an entire series of college courses that sucked and i hated .
i 've had that experience every time i take antibiotics and then i 've relapsed .
rifaxamin had a more lasting effect but not permanent .
my theory is that the antibiotics beat down the gut flora/sibo and reduce symptoms but once the antibiotics are gone what few bacteria are left have a big feeding frenzy on your gut and take back over quite quickly .
maybe a different balance than before but not necessarily better .
he also wanted to play jor-el as a suitcase or a green bagel http screencrush.com/things-you-didnt-know-about-superman-movies '' guy was nuts ...
fov and frame rate are literally such a none issue to me ...
all of that talk is just making me feel old really since i do n't understand the fuss especially regarding fov .
i 've been watching streams and it all looks great to me .
it 's just not something i 'm sensitive to i guess .
it would maybe matter more if it were an intense action game but it 's not .
it 's been doing that before i switched memory cards that 's why i got the idea 😉
my grade school was forced to use bing since it was more accurate and reliable '' .
i am left wondering why a headlamp was deployed if there is power for the microwave ... and why a headlamp is even at the ready and utilized rather than your cell phone light .
that is the magic of these potatoes the happenstance that made them be .
definitely travis as u/tylerj89 said but arguably future too .
not only that but cudi did a lot of work on 808s heartbreak which was a pretty influential album itself and paved the way for people like drake to come in with a completely new sound .
i would never argue that kid cudi is responsible for drake but he definitely had a pretty broad if subtle influence on the rap game .
the music in the doomsday zone would get me so hype as a kid shit it still does .
one of my favorite things to do was challenge myself to get hyper sonic in one play-through .
the whole legend behind the emeralds and what happens when you collect them was a major part of what made s3 k so great .
part of the same establishment gop that produced a failed mccain run a failed romney run and the impotent gop congress led by john boehner mr pretend .
yup i guess we should follow the lead of these gop establishment types .
notice are you asking for travel advice about switzerland ?
read what redditors had to say in the weekly destination thread for switzerland https redd.it/3hq5em
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/travel if you have any questions or concerns .
what exactly does a painstopper do and what are its downsides ?
how are harvested/bought organs stored/how quickly do they expire if at all ?
should i be buying bionics whenever i can due to their rarity if i can afford it and what are they ?
how big of a difference is there between quality tiers for weapons eg .
maybe bolas creates them in an attempt to disrupt ugin and his plane .
edit and in the chaos the khans improve their power .
most of the recently logged areas will have created wide open spaces .
i 'll show you my cock if you show me yours first .
do you know what subreddit you 're in ? ?
this is a perfectly normal question to ask here .
you need to get it to work how it is supposed to work .
we need the router in the new location you ca n't move the printer and the ethernet cable ca n't be running under our carpets .
am i the only one who after hearing the ccp call this thing a scam who thinks these guys may be the next elon musk ?
i wasnt sure they would be able to pull it off but with such condemnations from the worlds least qualified party make me think twice about that .
i think you 're a bit hard on yourself here .
i do n't know enough about this girl to judge her but it 's my feeling that she has n't acquitted herself well .
she seems to be preoccupied with her own issues .
she 's apparently not prepared for a relationship and yet has no problem with relations .
this shows at least some irresponsibility or at the very least confusion .
this kind of ambivalence may be the norm among her peers but it 's not quite fair treatment for someone less experienced than herself .
i do n't mean to demonize her to be clear .
i just hope you do n't see her behavior as a reflection of you so much as a reflection of her own insecurities .
it can be a fantastic bonding experience or it can be devastating .
it can simultaneously make everything better and everything worse .
when they tell you in sex ed that it 's risky they mean biologically .
but it 's risky in so many other ways too .
then again most things worth doing are so do n't take this as a critique of sex .
it 's a wonderful part of life but my only point is you should treat with seriousness because it requires you to make yourself vulnerable in ways nothing else does .
i do n't know if you will find this helpful but i think you should take away this lesson you have appeal .
you 're capable of being a physical and emotional comfort to someone .
and while this person was clearly not on the same page as you it 's very possible you 'll find someone who is and be a comfort to them in the way only a romantic partner can be .
animals in the wild still contract diseases from eating raw meat .
humans however are more likely to get sick and this is due to evolution .
because a carnivorous animal in the wild would eat their meat raw their stomachs have tuned themselves to sterilise such substances .
tl dr cooking the meat kills the bad shit .
honest answer because surprise novelty is not the top priority .
this story is so great because it 's well executed atmospherically and a well executed predictable ending is better than a less atmospheric surprise ending .
the idea of the girls becoming the counselors is so predictable precisely because of how well it 's foreshadowed .
at this point having then win would markedly decrease quality .
i think the downvotes may be coming from a sense that a cavalier emphasis on surprise dishonors the core content and sounded judgmental .
but yeah in general artist dislike the idea of their works being used without their knowledge but it 's impossible to prevent people from doing so you know so most of the time i just do n't buy these merchandise or at least give them credit when taking their works .
it passed when she mastered crawling but excuse my swearing but it drove me fucking crazy she was up 12 times between 8 and 7am doing this .
we were bedsharing until i just lost patience with her after 4 weeks of it and she 's been in her own room ever since .
i 'm sad about it but we ebf and my husband would n't get up to help so i was severely sleep deprived and we had a lot of arguments because of it
when i last time played then better was talisman since the clears were healthier how is it now ?
if you start golems take w. if you start gromp take e level 1 .
2 how do you choose the jungle item enchantment ?
if you 're against a tank heavy team go devourer .
cinderhulk makes you tanky but you still have more than enough damage to kill squishies .
3 how do i choose damage item from botrk or titanic hydra ?
go with red jungle enchant then go with botrk to get a slow on enemy and vice versa with chilling smite and titanic ?
only go botrk if they have heavy health stackers that you need to kill .
if you still need a damage item after tri go titanic .
4 is the jungling still about rushing lvl 6 with skipping buffs on 1st clear ?
yes but you should be invading the enemy jungle as much as possible .
5 can i otp it in ranked even if my team has no controlled stuns ?
7 do i only take swifty boots when i get ahead early and want to put more pressure ?
id even game go mostly with mercs or tabis ?
8 is full as page with armor yellows still the best rune page ?
it 's okay but 27 as w scaling mr blues is better unless you 're very confident in your shyvana play
glad someone else thinks so lately i 've seen a lot of people bitching about the pop culture references and 4th wall breaks as if they completely ruin the game i love all the references and 4th wall breaks .
you do n't receive the adequate attention and praise you deserve for this .
nah it was n't directly cus of that at all .
she just did n't want any part of being monogamous .
he did n't spend a lot on his primary campaign as a whole .
i do think his tv ads in florida were very helpful for shutting down rubio .
right now he is spending nothing and the stakes are way higher .
i drive home in peak hour traffic and leave poke go open face down and do n't look at it till i get home because i can gain 1-1.4km doing this .
does this sign effect it from hatching eggs once it comes up and i start going slow/stopping again ?
some of my in public clothes are my sleep clothes .
i gotchu let me finish eating and ill add u
thanks i know how iv works from reading silph road reddit and looking up various formulas on how the game works not from some youtube video .
iv is not some super powerful hidden advantage it 's merely a slight bonus to the base stats again which is reflected in the cp rating meaning if the same species monsters have same cp and same movesets their power level is similar .
carelink seems to be the best until bigfoot-ified snap is released .
check out openaps in your case you 'd wind up with a raspberry pi a bluetooth dongle a carelink stick and a usb battery .
it 's a fair bit of tech to relay info to your phone but it 's the best option at present .
bigfoot 's version of snap is 15-18 mo off and it should display right on your phone .
i preordered the special edition as soon as they announced it and have the normal edition on reserve from my local shop .
i knew roughly what diamagnetism did but did n't know how to explain it .
instead of doing all sorts of research only to give a fireheartized '' unclear version of it i decided to just link to a video that explains it clearly quickly and awesomely
when i look at the betas tab under the game properties there is no experimental vr option .
maybe i 'm missing some setting i needed to change on steam .
but the point of the anime is to boost the manga sale so there 're no point adapting the webcomic when the manga havent caught up yet
watch as i take my toy deep in my mouth wishing it was your cock as i get it nice and wet spit dripping down it .
i spank my ass for you and then slowly get my ass ready to get penetrated for the first time using a toy on my clit too until i make myself cum loudly .
watch while i show off my body for you getting my glass toy nice and wet using my mouth before using it to fuck myself to orgasm breathlessly moaning about how much i want your cock .
i need a job badly and i want you to know i 'm willing to do whatever it takes to secure my position .
i tell you in my soft irish accent why i 'm right for the job but you can see that i 'm really not interested in talking as i slowly tease you until i 'm too turned on to hold back .
i got all dressed up to go out with you tonight but now i see how much more fun we can have if we stay in let me get you throbbing in my mouth making your cock nice and wet as i look up at you lustfully aching for your cum to shoot down my throat .
i stand above you dressed in a black negligee and stockings getting my toy nice and wet dripping in saliva before using it on my pussy .
i moan in ecstasy as i push it deep inside me bending over and fingering my tight asshole while i toy with my pussy .
watch as i slowly peel off my stockings showing off my milky white skin and sexy feet .
i chew and i chew but i just ca n't get the bubbles big enough !
i sit there like you asked naked apart from my fishnet stockings chewing bubble gum though my bright red lips showing off my mouth and playing with my hair being real cute just for you .
it 's your birthday but you had to leave early for work so i thought while you 're gone i 'd make you a video just to show how much i care and how much i want to fuck you when you get home .
i 'm wearing the shirt you lent me the night before i know you love when it smells like my wet pussy .
i wanted to give you a little something to make sure you 're ready to pound my pussy hard when you get home from your trip so i put on my favourite song and that black negligee you love and made a sexy strip tease video for you but i 'm not giving up the goodies until you get home.. not nudity just sexy dancing and a lot of teasing !
watch as i sit in my bra and panties and sensually suck on my toes for you getting them nice and wet before moving on to my tits spitting on them and massaging them when they 're dripping and sticky .
i take my toy in my mouth and let the spit slide down the shaft as i push it deeper down my throat wishing it was your throbbing cock .
i 've been waiting all day to feel you cover my tits in your hot cum please do n't keep me waiting any longer .
i beg for your cum as i play with my big soft tits teasing my nipples and moaning as i cover them in lotion and rub them for you aching for your hot load .
i wanted to give you a little show before i jumped in the shower knowing you 'll be dying to join me in there once you see how i caress my tits and body for you stroking my pussy just enough to make you want more .
let me dance for you slowly and seductively relishing your eyes on my body as i start to peel off my clothes telling you in detail all the things i want you to do to me as my hand slips between my legs unable to resist touching my already wet pussy just thinking of you inside me .
my pussy is wet and glistening as i slide my fingers between my lips moaning in pleasure as they rub my clit .
watch my juices drip as i bring myself to orgasm cumming hard on my fingers .
new deal enjoy videos 10 13 for only 50 or £30 saving of 10 or £5 !
new deal get videos 10 11 and 13 for 15 or £10 saving of 5 or £2 !
payment options i 'm in the uk so payment via amazon must be made through amazon.co.uk !
i also take payment in dollars through my profile on live cam model shows pm for link .
send me a link via reddit if you 're interested in purchasing !
the link will be sent via dropbox once payment is complete i suggest downloading it once you receive the link !
please note any payment via lcms must be over 10 !
i 'm usually available to chat fairly regularly throughout the day from 1pm around 3 or 4am gmt which gives us lots of time to have fun together !
75 light chat good morning/good night messages gallery photos or one day trial of the 150 option .
100 more regular responses 1 or 2 photos a day one 30 min kik session plus several videos through kik .
150 regular chat through the day 3-5 photos daily 1 hour long kik session plus several videos through kik .
200 quick replies unlimited photos 1 daily video through kik 2 hour long kik sessions including several videos per session through kik .
if you have steam and we have some games in common maybe we can even play a game or two during the week d
eww so potentially usa guys are fucking 14 yr old gymnasts ?
cuz its legal in brazil and the olympic village is a sex party .
i can also confirm ... this fucked up our raid night and could n't get someone a rancor ... such bs ! ! !
i 'll let you know when my rmm is back .
you are right you are only 20 and you have lived in cincinnati your while life .
and this is why neo was a dumb idea from the beginning .
sony increases specs then microsoft increases specs then sony increases specs again ?
im getting the feeling i shouldve gotten super baked before watching raw tonight .
wedding cakes nut jokes bert and ernie references demon stories and scooby fucking doo .
this would have been 10/10 raw if i was high .
i would love to but it would too much of a commute to my job in new jersey .
again you really do n't think logically do ya champ
well it probably works easier for me than it does for someone in a bigger city .
i live in a really small town and while i was out i noticed a lot of what i 'm going to call pokemon dead zones .
areas where there were literally no pokemon on my map .
i usually had no more than 3-5 pokemon on my nearby list at a time .
so it was very easy for me to pinpoint where pokemon are .
if you get too far away from a pokemon or if the pokemon despawns it 'll disappear off your radar completely .
if it disappears turn around and go back the way you came .
the radar seems to pick up the pokemon spawn point that 's on an adjacent street when i 'm at home so the range is n't super far .
it 's not going to show you pokemon that are a mile across town like it did before .
so the first week of the new era '' they focused on nothing but wrestling .
last week they focused pretty much solely on promos and this weeks episode has just been last weeks episode 2.0
yeah i feel like raw blew their load the first week .
yea i figured you or someone else would liken it to sailor moon .
i have n't seen any sailor moon at all in my life though .
my tolerance for shoujo is only recently expanding right now i 'm just starting oniisama e ...
just to be clear you see akio as a device for loss of innocence for all characters ?
utena 's motives are clear as day in most of the show .
you mentioned yourself that it 's part of what makes her attractive .
that said i still do n't think i 've really come to terms with accepting why the duelists decided to fight in the akio arc .
i think that 's the key point of the arc at least from utena 's side .
unfortunately i tend to find the challenging duelists side to typically be far more interesting and varied than utena 's .
and i still ca n't figure out for the life of me why the fuck they wanted to fight in these episodes .
i realize that this is sorta just the reality of the show .
utena might not be about the practical answers and about what is really going on from a plot perspective .
a lot of plot details are left incredibly vague on purpose .
that said i really think the akio arc did this in a more egregious way than otherwise .
i really think the show sacrificed a lot of coherency here for the sake of repetition .
i have no problem with hard to pair mysteries that are revealed with a lot of thought at the very end .
evangelion is and probably always be my favorite anime by a fairly large margin .
but this arc was really killer to me in utena .
i wish for the love of god that the road could have been explained and the stupid end of episode car ride did n't keep happening unexplained .
utena had solidified itself to be a show about the reasons that people fight to me .
the reasons that everyone wanted to gain personal power .
i suppose it 's possible that akio was just using the duelists as pawns at this point for his own gain of power and their motives did n't actually matter ?
i 'm glad i really was n't just missing the point entirely .
i liked it the most out of any of the arcs .
i wish it was more relevant than it was but i still enjoyed it a lot .
townwood park in southwest houston at buffalo speedway simsbrook dr is a squirtle nest .
saw 10 and caught 7 in a span of an hour and a half with my brother today .
you can see my journal here http imgur.com/a/4iafo and updated pokemesh radar here http imgur.com/xlbbqa4 for confirmation .
they spawn a lot less around night time typically before the night '' shift in-game before 7pm .
as a warning do n't go alone especially at night .
the park can be shady come during daylight when there are people and family around .
this submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ? ''
reddit does not allow post titles to be edited so if you would like you can post the question again .
please write your title in proper question format and include a question mark thank you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i for one like using backspace to go back a page .
i typically get annoyed when i hit backspace but i 'm still in a tectbox .
whoever designed the backdpave to go back a page ie a hero i am astounded you see differently .
she probably isnt interested i would wait to see if she replies
if you ask precious metal traders it 's every central bank in the world .
if gary johnson gets enough support to make the debates do all of these unendorsements of trump become endorsements for gary johnson ?
i mean i never suggested removing top players from the equation
you specifically dismissed certain results because the players are too good .
marth has several mains meta knight has tyrant and scatt works with megaman pretty well .
would think marth would take the 10th spot if we started ignoring top players .
if chris hoy was allowed to enter a dozen events with slight variations he 'd have the highest gold count but swimming is an oddball that skews the contest and ruins it for all the non greedy sports
i 'll tell my brother he 's the one that wanted it and i 'll get back to you .
either 1st or 2nd in the league plus el cup ca n't believe nobody mention the el so far .
i do n't really have a sex drive and was never attracted to pornography .
i think you and this guy https www.reddit.com/r/offmychest/comments/4wtaqc/i_want_to_see_trump_wins_the_presidency_and would be good friends .
when i was in hs our band was n't funded in any way by the school .
we had to fundraise a couple thousand dollars just to fix a handful of instruments .
some people have preconceived notions of their life at each stage .
if she refuses and calls him selfish and tells him his place is being a wallet he moves forward from that .
i do n't have any critique to add but i just want to say good job as it has come a long way from your first post !
if you had ever been into treasury you 'd understand how inappropriate that building is as a casino .
and yes it 's bursting at the seams . ''
but it 's still broken for seemingly everyone in this thread !
really is quite game breaking for those stuck with this bug .
please consider editing your post to let people know it is not fixed .
when we got her as a puppy we had two cats and she really took after them .
she used to hop up onto the top of couches to sunbathe but now she prefers to actually just sit outside .
i just put it in the microwave with water in it .
as steven was pep talking to ame after she got beat again i was like fuzefuzefuzefuzefuze
it might go lower but it gets worse and more dangerous the lower you go .
but i did get head once and i 'm really not sure what 's so bad about it .
should all the business people learn how to fix the wiring in the building or the hvac ?
programming is a general purpose skill that can be applied across domains .
the company would benefit if the business users cross trained on jobs that required domain specific knowledge not tech stuff .
it would also benefit if the programmers were given proper cross training on domain knowledge .
you 're not likely to find a standalone edition of it due to its brevity but it is in several easily available collections of the apostolic fathers such as those from penguin classics baker academic and the loeb classical library .
and then a bit of creative dremeling to get the left control to work usually inverted on rf tkls for the led .
i agree many of these are not examples of olympic stupidity '' but rather quite easily explainable .
not using a wooden structure from the 50 's sounds like a good plan actually unless it was built and maintained to survive 60 years .
the fact that no one cared enough to sell or just donate !
these things that are used literally everywhere anything concerts events etc .
if someone could actually lin the nomination page instead of news articles that 'd be great .
i remember a while back there were posts about fb linking not really working .
does anyone know if that is still the case .
i linked mine to my fb but have not had to recover my account and want to make sure i wo n't lose my stuff .
everyone hated it at the time many politicians lost their careers but in the end people really liked the turnout
germany gave austria-hungary a blank cheque in regards to serbia because they knew russia would step in and germany wanted to defeat russia before russia could industrialise and become unbeatable .
you do realise that you could simply bottle tap water and provided the water says somewhere on the bottle that it comes from a municipal supply then your totally in the clear legally it does n't even need to prominent .
all you need is a fancy name a distinct bottle and a hefty price tag and some other muppets in london will pay top dollar for your tap water .
when i was learning how to really demonstrate semicolon prowess i would think of it as a way to say and '' without using the word and . ''
it 's not a great rule in fact it 's not even a rule but it helped me figure it out in a pinch .
i ca n't say i would give any credibility to the guardian at this point used to be a go to but it has moved below the daily mail .
if i am interested in a subject i would not rely on any of them though so i guess my faith in any news organisation is completely non-existent .
if it is tweak mode that 's doing it the dev just contacted
me saying he will look into what 's causing it
my cat eats at will but he 's in peak physical condition since he plays outside all day .
he is buff for lack of a better word .
but when you go into your inventory or talk to an alien you 're given a mouse cursor-style selection tool that seems more cumbersome than it should be on a gamepad .
grumbling aside it at least it seems that mouse support is there for the menus ?
this game is really different from what we are used to but let 's see for ourselves when it is released .
to add to this a lot of learning software engineering is just those aha '' moments where you think why did n't i think of this before ? '' .
someone with 10 years of experience had 10 years worth of these aha '' moments that 's a large part of what makes people with more experience 'better ' .
i 'm not even sure i could watch free-view tv if i wanted to without doing some shopping .
i 'd probably have to go out and buy a suitable cable to actually get the signal from the antenna .
indeed the antenna could be broken and i would n't even know .
coz its a stomp escape cant defend highground as strong as secret .
i feel like this can go with any quite romantic sunset/beach scene in a warm climate .
sounds like a card i could really use is it that good ?
sorry but i 'm removing this for blatant self-promotion .
no that celebs who say they 're going to deactivate rarely actually do .
normani never actually planned to quit '' when someone quitting for good might actually make some pay attention to the seriousness of what 's said .
while it has it 's share of boring quests for every three or so boring quests there 's a gem to be found .
the investigation missions are universally fantastic and the characters and atmosphere are the best in the genre .
wtf this guy shows up for a bit now we 're honing a product that he 's selling ?
you can tell for a lot of people this is their first time playing an asian mmo .
well i could only imagine it to be a need to reveal your penis '' if its either very big or very small .
therefore i conclude that your experience in this matter is from realigning a perfectly normal penis .
do n't forget her reveal options especially with her sunspots .
we have corn and our women are still prettier than anything in the south .
if you use it and do n't abuse it the universe is yours .
the worst thing is when i 'm at work and i slam the cupboard and everyone else in their study and i hear them wondering why is someone banging the cupboard doors ? ''
but i ca n't explain it because everyone is in their own rooms .
i 'm moving to oxford soon i hope it will help with these problems .
sean did say in earlier builds that you could technically go from one system to the other .
if the stars are spaced normally planets are very unnaturally spaced together then you would expect the star to be a looong ways away possibly hours .
i 've actually got to the point where it 's hard for me to appreciate other blockbuster filmmakers apart from miller after mos and bvs .
but i think if not snyder then someone who does n't butcher it back to the 70s campy style .
it 's kind of like watching the dark knight rises by someone else .
it 's hard to like it if you 're invested because of the filmmaker
that might be what people want but it probably wo n't be what we go with at least to begin with .
i 'd be a bit surprised to see mourinho move away from the 4-2-3-1 so quickly considering how long he 's been using it .
well okay then if you believe that animals are sentient how can you eat them ?
how can you justify making another sentient being suffer for your luxury ?
at least for them you could argue they are doing it for survival .
you do n't have that excuse meat is a luxury good one that is also very wasteful and uneconomic to produce as well .
add to that this has nothing to do with why humans having sex with animals is a dicey subject .
animals are incapable of giving consent to sexual intercourse and consent is paramount when it comes to sex in a legal sense .
humanoid aliens on the other hand like the gems who just happen to even share a common language with humans the capabilities to communicate verbally at the very least are perfectly capable to give and receive consent from a human .
hence why a human mating with a gem is absolutely nothing like a human mating with a dog or a chicken .
some hero stacking are problematic but others are very awesome and fun to me .
try to lay off the porn and masturbation for a bit and then focus on making out a while before you start undressing even that should help
i imagine that for all new purcheses you would require a certificate and have to get in renewed every 5 years .
for current guns i think the owner would have to get a certificate within 10 years .
after the 10 years guns not registered to a certificate holder are illegal guns and can be siezed by the police in the same way a car without tax/insurance or an upto date mot .
this is why the ioc does n't have an official medal table because not everyone will be happy .
i prefer gold first but that 's what i grew up with .
the more you learn the more you realise that so little of it happened by accident .
are you happy leo is also the name of the worlds best actor ?
the light flows from hyacynthia 's eyes as naturally as looking .
now that she has two trails of light coming out from her eyes the crystal on top of her staff starts to shine as well .
how can you hate the west when people keep calling you out on it eh ?
jesus christ man you sound like an american are you going to ask him why he hates freedom next ?
4 mana 7/7s will no longer show up in constructed ''
i guess looking at the lvl 60 population would be more accurate .
i downvoted him because he 's just not right .
make a game and as a gamedevelopment company realize that codingmistakes can always happen .
make a eula that states people playing your game may not exploit any bugs they come across .
merkel macht ständig nen schwenk wie in dem artikel klar angeführt wird .
and how on earth can xander 's be a prank but ellen 's not ?
the secret with notail carrying them on elder titan and them picking tidehunter/doom for fly everygame at starladder .
they won eg http www.dotabuff.com/esports/series/38096 in a sick series in the upper bracket final but after that ppd figured them out and just stole tide/ban et in the grand finals .
i mostly do landscapes but also some sport and wildlife .
come and comment your opinion and support by follow thanks !
this is a fact that was believed as required in the time of the disaster and it was indeed heroic to go and do this but in fact almost all of the fuel melted with sand within the first seconds of the meltdown and got its ways down to the basement underneath the reactorv around 130 tonns of it .
that makes the trip to remove water from the pools useless basically the fuel was already in these pools when they emptied them and was already cold but nobody knew that back then predictions on the location and configuration of the fuel were severely wrong .
a lot of what has been done if not all of it was done in vain the tunne underneath reactor to not let the fuel get into the deep waters pumping water into the reactor in the first days bombarding reactor hall with sand absorbing materials and lead pumping water out of the pools underneath reactor core .
however they did what they thought was right to do at the moment and many risked and sacrificed their lives .
this is heroic in any way possible regardless of how right the scientists were about fuel and danger of the second explosion .
for the last 3 hours i 've been trying to confirm your observations ... and now as for fucking never before it 's not raining anywhere ... .
an eul glimer cape or ghost scepter would be much better however items armor like lotus or solar are totally fine against hitter .
against pa try to steal her blink any blink skill is really good for positioning .
against ursa i think the most useful skill is his skill 1 for aoe slow in combat .
his ulti is nice too but overall ursa is not the one to steal skill you should look at other heroes
thank you for your submission to r/videos however it has been removed because
your account is not yet old enough to submit content to r/videos at this time
please try again when your account is a bit older around a week while also commenting in posts to also build up some karma .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
you 'd prefer if your kids were out in the woods and mountains at night ?
i 'd prefer to lose a prelim than a gf so let 's play the best teams .
do n't want to do a port 2007 have an easy run into the gf and get belted .
hopefully we play all our games at adelaide oval or the mcg .
if your looking for a news skeptic atheist humanist podcast ... .give this a try
if your not looking for o new podcast dont give this a try
well ever since me myself and i ya 'll been garbage ! ''
it 's no more relevant than me saying there 's no public interest in imprisoning fraudsters '' .
it 's true in that you 're still on the issue of criminal justice but it 's really nothing to do with what the article was about .
but obviously there 's a significant number of people who see the word prison and it 's like a red rag to a bull because they spend their time on r/trees and it 's full of americans talking about the prison-industrial complex .
do you know how the subfields differ re number/length of postdocs ?
i imagine with something like developmental you 'd need more time between phd completion and tt application to rack up a decent number of publications for example .
i said hey man how pumped are you for act v ? ''
haha ... well thanks i do love perving on a guy with a sexy ass
friday is the grand opening to the newest closest location at a whopping 0.8 miles away !
i 'm seriously so excited which leads me to ask what are your favorite items from your ulta store ?
after a radio installation the lights on my dashboard have gotten dim on just the outer edges .
to get the radio in there i had to remove and disconnect the panel with the dimmer switch .
after i put it back together it still works but even at the highest setting i ca n't see a large portion of my dashboard at night with the illumination lights on .
anyone have a general idea what i might 've done wrong on the install for this to happen ?
i 've also got an image https i.imgur.com/0fcak4f.jpg of it in case it might help .
edit fixed the problem by replacing all 10 bulbs and the odometer bulb that recently went out with replacement leds .
turns out most of the bulbs had just gotten old and burned out .
the bitchy alison we have known would never be too trusting of anyone ! !
does not make sense as to why she would be too blind to notice that mary could be still playing her ! ?
unless alison is only pretending to trust mary and is secretly playing her .
i 'll preface this with the following statement i am not a programmer .
so getting my planck was a bit of a revelation in more ways than one .
i learned that i really do love the 40 form factor and that i can make it work for every day long-term use .
i also learned that persistent layers are an awesome thing .
being able to have qwerty dvorak colemak etc on my boards and making those layers persistent through power loss to the keyboard aka unplugging and taking to work etc .
i 've added this functionality to my atreus and to my ergodox .
the ergodox required rewriting the layouts to match the define keymap part of the keyboard.h file .
from your standard ergodox keymap to this required some doing
as you can see the layout is pretty much written sideways with the last line containing the thumb clusters .
if you want to see more feel free to take a look at my atreus https github.com/xyverz/qmk_firmware/tree/master/keyboards/atreus/keymaps/xyverz and ergodox https github.com/xyverz/qmk_firmware/tree/master/keyboards/ergodox/keymaps/xyverz layouts on github .
seriously i ca n't tell y'all how excited i am to have finally made this happen .
i 'm assuming now that payet ayew and feghouli will be the front 3 behind the striker ?
which of these players would be the best choice ?
i know it was released on trap city youtube channel more than year ago
if i pre-purchase game i will get this ship on first planet and i will repair their hyperdrive and engines ?
if you checked all of the above i 'd love to meet you and see if we click .
not looking for a girlfriend or wife or fwb .
just an honest fun human being to hang out with .
or going to an improv or making our own improv ! .
i have a dark sense of humor so those that are easy to offend we probably wo n't get along .
ca n't find too much on what a 'solid ' ns fl score is .
i 'm really really hoping something like a 517 is achievable for me but want a bit more time before i do aamc scored .
am i on the right track given these recent scores or is it a real crapshoot with ns to real mcat/aamc scored comparisons ?
i 'm particularly worried about cars and inconsistant p/s scores is this common on ns or are these weak points of mine ?
i feel like another huge problem for me is by the time i get to p/s i 'm lazy as hell and submit at the 40 minute mark without checking ... not feeling the passion anymore fam
tried looking around for others that deal with tech issues but could n't really find the right one .
anyway one of the side/thumb buttons of my mouse broke i assume the spring inside or something similar and i want to see if i can fix it myself but there 's a small problem i have no idea how to open this damn thing .
there 's no screws that i can see and i 'm kinda reluctant to just pry it open with some screwdrivers .
so here i am hoping you guys could possibly help me out .
paid like €40 for this damn thing and it 'd be a shame if it did n't even last a year .
fresh level 30 just looking for friendly players to enjoy the game with and improve as players .
will do ranked games once i am of a better ability .
if you want to add me my ign is paragoniii
i came up with the idea last year that i want to run the overground route of the old circle line taking myself with within touching distance of every station sign .
there 's a few routes on walkjogrun to look at but i was wondering if anyone here had practical experience of it or any major parts of it ?
the plan involves doing it at 7am on a sunday to avoid other people as much as possible and would likely start at cannon street and go anti-clockwise .
i have been using geforce experience to record my games for the last few months and have little or no issues doing so but recently i find as i re-watch my videos they stutter every once and a while
it does n't last long maybe a few seconds but the video lags/stops while the sound keeps going and then it catches up .
i have recently just reinstalled windows 10 and the new anniversary update so i am not sure if that could be the issue .
i do not know much about this software so any help/tips would be great .
here are my pc specs acer predator g6-710 intel core i7-6700k cpu 4.00ghz 16gb nvidia geforce gtx 980
this is a recent issue after i reinstalled i believe and the game i am primarily recorded is overwatch .
but it seems to show downvote buttons for subscribers both for threads and comments whereas i need a code that 'd display the downvote buttons for subscribers in the comment section only .
any cyberlimb or part-thereof attached to a modular mount must match the grade of the modular mount .
this is done to reduce headaches in bookkeeping and to clear up any ambiguity that may exist .
it emerges from the existing raw of a cyberlimb 's components and accessories having to match the grade of the parent cyberlimb .
i 'll be showing a friend through the raid all i ask for is patience and know what you 're doing .
i 'm just trying to get a sense for how options work .
i sometimes came across script prices listed as 70k 200k '' but do n't quite get it .
what does it mean when the price for a script is listed as 70k 200k '' ?
70k the price paid to the author for the option to make the movie and
200k the price paid to the author if the movie does get made ?
thanks so much for your help with this ! !
i got stuck at 7/26 all in order challenge and i have no clue which setup i have to do next so i do n't lose the progress is there a way to track it down ?
let 's face the facts nearly every game in the history of online gaming has had some sort of server issues on release day/week ... and in halo collection months .
and we know that you can still play nms offline .
anyways sean has stated many times in the past there 's even a montage video where he says that you will be able to see other players .
also while i have n't kept track but i 'm pretty sure nearly if not everything sean has said has been true ...
but people often twist his words into something they are not .
yet here we are just barely over 24 hours since the game released and are quickly to blame sean murray as a liar and this/that because of one instance two players could not see each other on release day .
why is this toxic community so quick to label sean as a liar/doing it for the money when he 's been honest with everything he 's said .
and we all know how many issues servers can have during release week which in turn causes bugs and things to happen that should n't .
it makes me sick how people get off on trashing a teams dedicated hard work for 3 years and quickly to label people they do n't even know .
let the game grow and let the team resolve issues people are having .
development is not easy and doubt anyone could be doing a better job .
does anyone have some good advice on which route to go end game wise ?
but showering is such a fucking chore to me .
and i put it off as long as i possibly can which is normally only like two days if i 'm not leaving the house
so i do n't know why i hate it so much but i do .
i ca n't really give a good reason why .
maybe it 's the whole process of getting a towel getting the water temperature adjusted washing my hair shaving washing my body drying off drying my hair getting dressed again deodorant makeup etc etc .
i love the look and feel of the w900 in ats but would love to drive that truck in ets2 .
is there a version that is faithful without being restricted in purchasable options like stuck with a sleeper if i do n't want one ?
i am currently burning through youtube videos sorted by recently posted listening to languages i dont know to watch and see what the trucks look and sound like .
at work work it in a reactive environment wait for things to break
edit2 i play 99 in cab view ... so inside quality is likely the most important aspect .
and why i love this truck so much in ats
as a knight main currently i figured it 'd be a good idea to up some earth warrior trash cards so i could fuse them into my main earth card since i already have a 4 fire card .
so since i 'm using a 3 card that uses earth burst i decided to upgrade metalmites a mini boss 2 card normally up to 3 where lesser earth burst becomes earth burst .
i read on reddit that when this happens it applies to future ones all around so you do it once and it 's done .
farmed all the mats upgraded it went to farm more ... and 2 metalmite with lesser earth burst.. what ?
do i really have to upgrade all the cards to upgrade the skill level of my main card ?
this seems pointless given future cards are going to overshadow these cards completely..
... in the early days when they met the tok'ra .
it has obviously changed but that 's one of them .
i really would love my body skin to have a healthy glow to it as well just be very soft .
i 'm a bit tanner so maybe a moisturizer that just gives you that glow ?
or is there a less expensive toner you can use on your whole body ?
my mothers friends fathers friend repaired this rf431 radio http vintage-radios-london.co.uk/vintage-1970s-grundig-rf-31-gb-tabl-model-radio-grundig-rf431-retro-style-radio a while ago .
i noticed that it is missing one of the bulbs/tubes .
as far as i can tell the radio is 100 working .
so if this was a repair how was it done ?
my package started in florida went through several different states got to nottingham where it spent 5 days went to london then to cologne and is now finally back in the us in newark .
i 'm a bit confused i 've found a few other cases of usps having strange route-control but this was really crazy .
i know the seller probably has nothing to do with it i 'm just wondering if there 's anything i can do .
all my other parcels from the same seller took a completely efficient route .
i 'm mainly posting this because i got a good laugh seeing it unfold and to reassure anyone else who might experience the same thing .
however any advice is greatly appreciated i suppose patience is best solution .
on the bright side it will make it that little bit more satisfying when they get here .
update things seem to be on track now here 's the gist of what the parcel went through .
i levelled my defence skill i am now level 62 .
i 've been working in a decent-ish sized city in the drc for more than two years and exclusively drinking bottled water since arriving .
a couple of months ago my city had a bottled water shortage due to a damaged shipment we 're geographically isolated and infrastructure is poor but i had more than enough to last me a week before a scheduled trip .
however i 've thought about purchasing a filtration system in case this happens again .
would something like a sawyer mini suffice for producing water for a week or so or are there any other solutions i should look at ?
i do n't need a large or long-term solution since i could just decamp to the capital in case of a bigger shortage .
size/weight is a concern since i 'd either have to get it shipped dpo or pick it up on a trip to the us .
i have most other kits but really need the 1.25 shift for a new board .
i dont need iso enter but if you sell only as pack i 'd also buy it .
on my highest round for each map post '' i said i got to round 100 on the giant and peopl said they could n't get past round 35 so here is my strategy
until round 35-40 you are free to camp with pap drakon and gorgon when that 's done swap it with the haymaker and any assault rifle preferably the kn-44 and man-o-war but the icr and hvk are good to re-pap all weapons with dead wire and get lucky crit which makes your alternate ammo type appear more it 's a classic train with the haymaker and horde a train then pull your ar and spray into the horde which means you are getting dead wire more than often and kills more zombies also alchemical anthesis is also very helpful the classic gobblegums helped me on this game i had alchemichal anthesis lucky crit anywhere but here in plain sight and pop shocks all my gobblegums saved me atleast 4 times especially lucky crit it 's not called that i just forgot the name lol
well hope it works and let 's everyone get to round 100 on the giant
our daughter has just recently started soaking right through her diapers during the day sometimes 2-3 times .
she 'd 16m but very small only 17lbs we 've been using size 4/4 diapers for a while but recently switched to 5 's .
going by the weight guide she 's a bit small for them but we thought she 'd need them .
soon after we switched to size 5 's we 've found she soaks right through them and wets her clothes .
it 's usually happening in the morning once she 's up but can be later in the day .
we tried going back to 4 thinking 5 's were n't a good fit but it has n't made any difference .
it 's also pretty pungent and unpleasant but i 've been told that 's common for teething began 2-3 weeks ago .
everywhere i look online seems to talk about overflow at night but nothing about during the day .
we always check her nappy first thing and 9/10 mornings it 's bone dry when she wakes but even when not it 's never overflown in bed .
we 're now more vigilant then ever about checking it but it 's so sudden i 've just had to change and bath her again but 20 mins before i checked and it was dry !
i ca n't make sense of it it 's as if she 's saving it all up and then letting it all go .
like i said everyone 's advice seems to be aimed for nighttime overflow and bigger kids so was wondering if anyone here has had a similar problem ?
i 'm considering trying size 6 's to see if they 'll absorb it all but i 'm concerned about them being too loose a fit and leaking .
other than that all i can think of trying is double-diapering !
she 's otherwise well no temperature/malaise so i doubt it 's anything medical but will see our gp about it anyway .
sorry for the long post but i 'm pretty stuck and fed up with multiple baths and changes every day !
by levelling up my invention skill i achieved at least level 95 in all skills .
i levelled my invention skill i am now level 95 .
it stays open the entire time i have dota open
it 'll be arriving on friday and i just had a couple of questions so that setting it up will be as simple as possible .
for reference i bought this kind https www.amazon.com/gp/product/b01gzmnrp6/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o01_s00 ? ie=utf8 psc=1
will i need anything else physical to set it up aside from a microsd/hc and sd adapter so it 'll fit in my computer ?
also is there a particular brand of sd card that works better ?
i 've heard it 's possible to put gb/c and nes games on there too .
i 'm not a big fan of the black and white icons that apple use for handoff both in the lockscreen and the app switcher .
it 's quite difficult to tell what app icon is being displayed and i do n't really see why it 's not just a full colour icon .
handoff icons on the mac are not black and white so why are they in ios ?
not only is the federal minimum wage already higher than the state minimum wage this bill is just a straight hike with no ties to inflation like the federal one .
i am glad to see b.044 with the amendment suggested i would have vetoed it if it was n't amended .
b.045 requires people selling firearms to have certification and requires any transfers to have the person receiving the firearm to have a criminal background check .
i did a cpu upgrade last night which went swimmingly all the new parts work just fine .
however i ran into a weird issue with my gpu which for some reason now gets unreasonably hot as soon as i stress it with anything 3d-graphics related even the windows 7 system performance test ! .
using msi afterburner for monitoring i noticed that as soon as i launch a game the ones i tried were far cry 4 and alan wake the temperature will immediately spike up to around 80 degrees celsius and the fans will spin at 80 of their max speed making an ungodly racket .
strangely the games run fine with no graphical issues although i 've only tested each for a minute or so for safety reasons .
another thing i noticed is that the gpu fans now spin all the time while on the desktop something they should not do until the card reaches 60°c .
idle temperatures are around the same as when the card worked properly .
list anything you 've done in attempt to diagnose or fix the problem .
the gpu is not new and has worked perfectly until now since december 2014
nvidia drivers are up to date and the power setting is at 'optimal power '
the psu should easily be enough for this build and like i mentioned games seem to run normally with no stability issues .
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
also feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score so people can compare .
as you may or may not know posting plain card pictures is against rule 7 of our sub and has been a temporary suspension of 7 days .
we 're going to try to help that out by finally giving you a thread just to post your sweet pulls in .
so post away all those pictures of foil avacyns your girlfriends holding a pile of useless basic lands your newly foiled out deck whatever you want .
i play a lot just do n't have anyone to visit or go visit .
i live in mayor tom 's village called vaulter but my character is named gilly .
if she claims she was with piper the night rachel was killed and in season 1 saw the video of kieran leaving the bar with nina that rachel took would n't she be questioning him more this season ?
i mean she was suspicious of him after seeing this in s1 and now someone is targeting her this season .
it just seems like she has forgotten about it .
audrey and kieran also do n't interact much but it will be interesting to see if they do in this upcoming episode .
forgive me if i have made errors this is my first post .
is it just me or do pokestops rarely contain potions for level 10 trainers ?
now that some of the spoofers in my area are no longer around and legit players now dominate most of the gyms i finally managed to keep a gym as my own for hours but this made me run out of potions really fast .
what other tv shows are kind of like rick and morty ?
i 've been seeing a lot of great and beautiful apps on our windows store like wunderlist shazam twitter baconit etc but some of the best apps from awesome devs usually do n't look great on execution no offense !
so i would like to do a design project for any aspiring developers out there for free .
i could sneak several hours on my free time .
hit me up if any of you guys are interested .
did n't expect to have a lot of requests .
what 's the point of playing pacifist if you 'll need to fight wars anyway not to mention it 's the only way to make it not boring from gameplay perspective ?
i mean at the end of day energy minerals technology and population are really just about preparing for wars which are the only thing that moves the game forward '' after the exploration stage is over ... .
hey hoping someone here can help me i know there are several really good modders that frequent this subreddit .
i 'm working on making maps and i want to link up 2 doors for some teleportation action typically seen on multiplayer servers .
any of you know how to go about doing that ?
i 've been messing around with the variables exit objects stuff like that but have n't gotten any functionality at all out of the doors .
edit specifically i 'm talking about the little trap doors that are at the tops of the towers on multiplayer siege maps .
if you have n't already you should fill out this survey .
it 's a statistics survey of all the teams in different countries !
there are only 6 people who have done this in japan so far !
well i actually have to give credit to my girlfriend yes i plan on marrying her because she actually figured it out .
so when you throw the poke ball and miss press your finger down and hold it .
the majority of the time the ball will fly back to you .
i 'd post a video but i 'm not sure how .
i bought t8-v6s because the local shop did n't have the v8s left which i loved .
well i 'm on the 2nd atty now and neither are allowing the juice to get into the cotton at least that 's my assumption because the hits are dry .
have tried turning it over closing the holes trying to get the juice to bubble but it 's not working .
anyone have similar issues or know why this is happening or how to resolve ?
when in egg hatching mode the only thing on your screen are your incubated eggs and a giant counter showing how much km you have traveled since going into egg hatching mode .
while in this mode your phone will vibrate when a pokemon is nearby to catch but you wo n't be able to catch pokemon and you wo n't be asked to verify you are n't driving till you leave egg hatching mode .
this mode would be useful for bike riders and runners considering the are you driving ? ''
pop-up is showing up frequently as well as the added bonus of being able to track your distance much easier .
where i 'm from we 're just an hour ahead of jst so maintenance usually starts by 1pm .
my nmom ca n't stand how much my mil loves me and how close we are .
as i posted earlier i 've not spoken to nmom in 4 months or edad in 3 .
it 's very easy to forget how shitty my parents are when i 'm with my husbands family especially since the nc .
but every time i speak to my sister she tells me things my nmom is saying about me and my daughter .
and my husbands family and it just drives me crazy .
should i tell my sister to just stop mentioning her all together ?
it just drives me absolutely nutty that even when i cut her out of my life she is still behind the scenes obsessing over my every move and judging me out loud to anyone who will listen .
for showing me what parents are supposed to be like .
for making me feel loved unconditionally and working through my fear and hesitations that only exist because if my nmom .
here 's one for those that keep us up when we are really feeling down .
this is an automatic summary original http www.idigitaltimes.com/rick-and-morty-anti-american-and-will-season-3-undermine-our-country-socialism-549574 reduced by 53 .
quot after catching a few seconds here and there of the show i decided to check it out on adult swim and to possible do a little catch up . ''
the show started off great then i started to notice something about the show 039 s message and that message is very anti-capitalism anti-conservatism pro-big government anti-family and anti-american .
the thought of them bashing capitalism makes me laugh and the reason why i laugh is due to the fact that the creators of this show are making a killing by utilizing the very freedom capitalism provides they created a product that people may want and they are making tons of money off of it .
quot it 039 s very unfortunate the artwork is great and the characters have so much potential to be great and in that i give it one star .
i would not suggest this show on the basis that it is chock full of fascist marxist socialist propaganda . ''
how the fundamentally anti-establishment rick and morty could possibly be interpreted as saying quot big government good quot is hard to imagine .
rick and morty season 3 will destroy the last vestiges of american society bringing down capitalism once and for all when it premieres later this year .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.idigitaltimes.com/rick-and-morty-anti-american-and-will-season-3-undermine-our-country-socialism-549574 faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 75592 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords show 1 rick 2 very 3 morty 4 capitalism 5
post found in r/nottheonion http np.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/comments/4x09fa/is_rick_and_morty_antiamerican_and_will_season_3 and r/rickandmorty http np.reddit.com/r/rickandmorty/comments/4ww4as/who_else_hates_this_kind_of_crap .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
as the title says my computer will randomly kick me out of anything i am on discord overwatch wow league of legends skype for about 1 second .
some of those games/services auto recover because it 's a super short duration but it 's still a pain in the ass .
to help see if i was getting packet loss or anything like that i just did a straight up ping to google to see what happens when the issue occurs .
all i found was that the ping went from about 12ms to 50-80ms for 2 pings or so and then returns to normal .
does anyone know how i can continue troubleshooting to try and figure out what is causing the issue ?
my pc is hard wired and it does not happen to other pcs on the network wireless or hard wired
i tried and it does n't seem to allow me to do it
if both players play negotiate and fail to come to an agreement three ships each are sent to the warp '' .
but what if either side had less than three ships in the encounter ?
is the rule intended to be send as many as possible up to three ships within the encounter to the warp '' .
stripping ships off distant colonies to send three to the warp when i only committed one to an encounter seems counter intuitive but would follow a more literal reading of the rules as i understand it .
i think mastery 10 should the max mastery you would basically have to be a one trick pony to achieve it .
mastery 8 100k mastery points m7 5 m8 tokens requiring s or higher 1000 blue essence 3 champion shards .
mastery 9 300k mastery points minimum m8 10 m9 tokens requiring s or higher 1500 blue essence 5 champion shards .
ok so for the color of m8 it would be a dark purple https www.mtholyoke.edu/org/apau/backgrounds/dark 20purple 20solid.png .
for m10 it would be a solid orange http www.colorcombos.com/images/colors/ff6600.png .
i also think that m8 should start a new design or at least start building upon m7 even more but to a greater extent than just adding more detail to what 's already in m5 .
let me know what you guys think any suggestions will be added to the main post .
note please make sure you 're posting to the correct date !
this thread is for anyone who wants to make a habit of waking up early in the morning before 8 am .
check in by posting your wake up time and feel free to mention any positive things you prioritized when rising early exercise meditation day planning healthy breakfast etc .
you may also find it helpful to post your intentions the night before and reply to that comment in the morning when you check in .
edit for those wondering what the compensation was for here is a translation posted by koalasan_z
the update had bug fixes among which is the dokkan mode bug in dokkan events .
if you own a character with the link skill supreme power '' for the buu dokkan event you get 2 ds .
if you own a character with the link skill big bad bosses '' for the gogeta dokkan event you get 2 ds .
if you own a character with the link skill super saiyan '' for the janemba dokkan event you get 2 ds .
if you own a character that has an advantage in the beerus dokkan event god characters you get 2 ds .
if you own a character that has an advantage in the gotenks dokkan event you get 2 ds .
the compensation ds max 10 depending on what characters you own will be delivered to you gift box during the 10th jpn time .
note it says that only players that have challenged stage 2 of those dokkan events will receive the stones .
i have no clue if you needed to play stage 2 of those dokkan events during the period of the bug or if you just need to have it cleared we 'll find out tomorrow .
it seems that it does not matter when the stages were cleared .
as long as stage 2 was complete you should 've gotten stones .
so i was think about what to start my team off with .
i had thought that a steel type would be a good switcher as steel resistant to so many types .
i figured that ferrothorn may be a good choice as it has some gimmicky moves .
however it 's super weak to fire type so maybe a fairly defensive mega blastoise can cover that typing ?
i 'm such a noob and i was thinking this may be a good defensive core for my first team .
title it is the 13th highest float on csgo exchange
those are my stats currently i should have prif reqs done by the time dxp comes around .
knowing that what would be the best buyable to train ?
i 'm currently planning on saving all of my summoning charms and blowing all of those .
aside from that what would be the most useful skill to focus ?
i 'm based in cincinnati oh and trying to better utilize search engines for new customers .
i 'm just looking for a good way to get my name in as many as possible .
i 've been using opiates off and on for about the last 3 years .
sometimes just a couple tabs sometimes i 'll rail an oxy .
i also smoke weed and use other recreational drugs .
maybe i 'm lucky maybe it 's just self control ?
i 've just never had the need for it .
it 's more of a do it because i 'm bored and wan na be high on something different kinda thing .
lately my favorite little cocktail has been vyvanse let it ride for about 4-5 hours .
david a vagabond walks into subway and asks if a sandwich costs around six dollars .
mary a girl who is working that shift says .
six dollars is ok. a sandwich is not that costly . ''
david is about to pay now but finds no dollars in his backpack .
david says this and starts to walk away but mary asks him to stay and this girl pays making no discount .
subway 's administrator shouts madly at mary no dollars no food ! ''
check here http i.imgur.com/gtwoard.png to see some useful rtg wall info research was gathered over here https forums.2k.com/showthread.php ? 4146856-where-s-my-wall-community-research
wan na chat with other supercard redditors in real time on our discord ?
toss me a pm https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=shiningdown and i 'll send you the invite link
how do i find a prime brisket in the tampa area or one at a reasonable online .
i know i can get one from snake river online but it over 100 .
i want something that one day i would n't be worried about bringing to a competition hell i just want to eat quality brisket really i 'm putting in all that time and money .
you put good meat on you 'll get good meat off and that relates to all cooking imo .
assuming that nothing is in front of you except the atmosphere of course and the bullet has a straight path towards you around the world .
so as i 've been studying i realized a lot of the same problems keep showing up and so i 've been making fast '' ways of solving them .
to calculate ph of weak acid/base derived from ka equation
so a 0.01 m of a weak acid with pka of 4 would be 0.5 4 2 6/2 3 .
much faster than dealing with ka and all that jazz .
or to solve for velocity of fluid coming out of barrel via hole or something derived from bernoulli 's
or to solve for the height of ball rolling down a hill doing a loop-de-loop derived from newtons forces and stuffs
h 2.5*r or height the ball needs to be is equal to a bit more than the diameter of loop .
in order for a ball to roll around a loop-de-loop with radius 2
it needs to be about 5 feet off the ground
do you guys have any fast '' ways of doing problems or came across any ?
i 've had a lot of false starts and failed attempts over the last year but this time i think i 'm ready to quit and make it stick .
i have a goal at the end of this month cycling about 200 kilometres to an annual summer's-end celebration in the woods that my friends and i have made a tradition .
i want to be in peak physical condition for that .
i also know this has been proven to me time and again that past problems i 've had with depression anger irritability and a general low self-image have had to do with alcohol abuse .
gets in my head and under my skin and makes me hate myself and others .
my goal is to change to be a better stronger and happier person and i think removing alcohol from the equation is the only way to make it work .
looking for any inspiration advice or thoughts you can offer !
i think i 'll check back to this subreddit often because a lot of what i 've read has done good things for my soul .
about a year and a half ago i deadlifted too heavy of weight with poor form .
left side of my back pinched and it was sore for awhile .
the first day hurt like a bitch and i went to the doctor .
she said it 's probably back spasms and i asked her straight up for pain meds for a day or two .
fast forward a month and it 's still hurting so she referred me to the chiropractor total whack job and physical therapy .
i asked what i could take for pain and she lectured me that she ca n't justify giving me pain meds .
well i know i ca n't have a permanent script for my career i just asked what i could take .
physical therapy was a joke a group session of learning stretches .
ever since then my back has never felt right '' .
when i run i do n't feel anything but the day after i 'm a bit tender on the left side .
weekend before last i woke up from maybe sleeping on it wrong and my back hurt like hell .
the pa asked me what hurt and it was hard to explain .
i said it was lower back pain but it felt compartmentalized .
my spine hurt in the middle and it felt like the spaces in between my back pelvic bone were really sore .
it was hard to explain so i just gave up what i was saying and said it was just a really discomforting sensation and felt like i constantly needed to stretch it .
she tried giving me flexiril which i declined because it knocks me right out and it 's the hardest thing to wake up from .
so she gave me another relaxer that 's less drowzy and aleve basically .
a week later and i 'm back to running .
except yesterday i helped a co-worker pull something and as soon as i pulled i felt a sudden sharp pain in my left lower back .
i immediately just laid down and debated on doing the damn incident report .
i got up kept stretching it and had another co-worker help him .
i got home and stretched the hell out of it .
i 've been running the past 2 months with no problem .
my pt test is in sep and i do n't want a waiver for anything .
i do n't want to be med boarded but i do want the problem to be fixed .
i do n't think it is anything serious but i do think it needs some kind of medical decision and treatment .
i just want to live my life without having to worry if my back will go out .
but every time i go to the doctor i feel like i 'm just trying to score pain meds and they brush it off as not something serious because i did n't hurt it while doing anything demanding .
she literally said it 's no threat because there was n't an incident .
yet i have it in my records that a year or two ago i came in from working out and had pain in my back .
should i just go in and demand a referral ?
i know if i wait a few days the pain will cease but another day it 's going to flare up again .
we have a shotty clinic and i heard it 's best to call the nurse line on the weekends and get a referral for urgent care off base .
again not trying to score vicodin or a waiver .
i saw how hunter is going to get the ability to train mechanical pets in legion and i was wondering .
or is it available for every spec if you learn the appropriate tome ?
all this talk of artifacts has me trying to decide what i 'm going to main survival is a lot of fun but beastmaster has the coolest pets .
so i was wondering if only beastmaster gets access to the mechanical pets kinda like with dinomancy or if survival can too after they learn it .
1. cal calgary**|0|4-1-1|the stamps left a lot of points on the field against a team they should have walked all over .
in typical fashion they remembered what they were doing in the 4th quarter and finished with the decisive lead they should have had early on .
2. bc bc**|0|4-2|great game vs mon this week not as impressive as the one against cal last week but a solid effort by the lions .
beating kevin glenn is something that we got to witness first hand many times over the last few years .
3. ott ottawa**|0|4-2-1|love the passion henry a future hall-of-famer with a chip on his shoulder .
let 's healthy over the bye week and get ready for what is turning out to be a very competitive east division .
4. tor toronto**|0|4-2|the argos had a bye and not even they could mess that up .
5. ham hamilton**|0|3-3|hamilton 's tendency to win using special teams and defense over the last three years really shows when their qb coughs up 4 turn overs in a half and it 's only special teams and defense on the field for 60 minutes .
if the players and coaches decide they 'd like to play all 3 phases of the game maybe they can escape the bottom half of the power rankings .
let 's be honest if it was n't for edm mtl and ssk hamilton could be ranked worse than where they are .
6. edm edmonton**|0|2-4|first halfway decent game the eskimos have played in a while shame it was a loss though .
based on that game i 'm slightly more confident in us surviving montreal next week .
8. mon montreal**|0|2-4|montreal 's defense plays with intensity and emotions .
it was a good thing in the last couple weeks but it got them many stupid penalities against bc .
they 'll need to find a way to stay disciplined if they want to win this week .
9. sas saskatchewan**|0|1-5|a tough matchup against the stamps that probably wo n't be much easier then our next game where we host them .
the game was relatively close through the first three quarters but the riders inability to finish off drives with td 's did n't help their chances .
after seeing a thread of the same nature on the battlebots subreddit i thought it 'd be a good or maybe bad idea to gather opinions in a robot wars form .
so here is the chance to get those opinions you always thought but perhaps never felt like you could say into the open .
tell us anything about the show whether that be about a specific robot a certain team a tournament you do n't like or something else .
of course with this being a thread specifically for unpopular opinions please do not downvote those opinions that you simply do not agree with .
hey everyone my brother and twitch streamer igrafixi is having trouble streaming morrowind .
on his pc he is in full screen but on his channel it shows his toolbar on the bottom and there is a constant blinking .
if anyone has any knowledge or could check the stream out and offer advice we would greatly appreciate it .
hey guys i 've had my canon 60d since the release date and the next coming month i 'm going to be attending school for digital media .
and will be working as a videographer for a university nightclub shooting nightlife events/dj 's .
the lenses i have now are a canon 50mm 1.8 opteka 6.5mm f/3.5 sigma 24-70mm f/2.8 and canon 10-18mm f4.5-5.6 i have a 2-3k budget for a new camera i 've been doing my research but i 'm stumped .
im hoping any of you guys could put me in the right direction with my decision to upgrade thanks ! .
one is holding a sign with a christian cross in it the other one is holding a sign with the star of david .
this being the vatican there people walking by give all their change to the christian one instead of the jewish one .
he says to the jewish guy maybe to make more money you should take off the star of david because most people here are catholic . ''
the christian guy says oy vey moishe look who 's trying to teach the cohen brothers marketing ! ''
my dad told me this joke sorry if it 's a repost .
i done got myself lost in a cave system ive been here for hours .
i am looking for an android gallery app that is not the default one .
i need to be able to access it online windows 10 in the same format as on the phone .
all of my pics in the same albums and locations thanks i really need a solution !
so as the title says i 'm having an issue the issue in question is that whenever i open disgaea windows 10 does not want to cooperate at all does n't happen with any other game .
unlike most people doing keto i am not doing it to lose fat .
i 'm doing it to get the other beneficial effects and just be healthier .
also i find that it has helped with my stomach pain issues as well .
i 've only been on the diet for two days so i 'm not sure if that has something to do with it but i do n't feel much different .
are there more of you skinny people in here that have felt the benefits ?
with the posts going on about dvd commentarys and lack of them being made what are some of the best ones you 've seen
i 've done plenty of research but just want a second opinion on this .
i am going to spray my xterra camo green but want to thin it myself without losing coverage .
this means adding tint but what tint can be added that wo n't change the color of the camo green and how much of it should be added ?
is tint needed for camo green at all for coverage or can i just thin without it ?
i was advised by a dipyourcar mod not to thin myself but he did not elaborate .
are there caveats i 'm not aware of by self-thinning ?
it 's been a couple days since it 's such a beautiful day was chosen as one of our films of the week so it 's time to share our reactions and discuss the movie !
anyone who has seen the movie is allowed to react and discuss it no matter whether you saw it four years when it came out or twenty minutes ago it 's all welcome .
discussions about the meaning or the symbolism or anything worth discussing about the movie are embraced while anyone who just wants to share their reaction to a certain scene or plot point are appreciated as well .
it 's encouraged that you have comments over 180 characters and it 's definitely encouraged that you go into detail within your reaction or discussion .
all of the visuals for the film were created without the use of computers .
hertzfeldt stated in an interview that the audio was all done in final cut .
situation the ball is passed close to the net but it would not fall on the other side if not interfered .
can the blocking player touch the partially over the net ball like 3 cm ?
he would not penetrate the other side only extending the net .
i am part of a level 4 alliance that are looking for some dedicated members to help us grow this alliance together .
just looking for active players who are playing daily .
the alliance leader and i are currently in the level 40 range and play everyday .
if anyone would like to join us and help us grow come join !
for those that do n't know what this is review this post https www.reddit.com/r/plantsvszombies/comments/4wnztx/introducing_the_art_contest .
a q/a bar will appear later in this post but for now we want you to have the chance to submit your art now if/when you 're ready .
our mortgage was calculated yada yada but then the taxes apparently were triple what they calculated ?
so we had an escrow shortage of like 4000 .
so basically our mortgage payment has gone up 50 or it will only go up by like 160 if we come up with the remaining 3500 escrow shortage .
i just feel like maybe we got screwed over a bit ?
like why would n't they have a better calculation for our taxes ?
thinning my games down to the ones i actually want/had growing up and will actually play .
ah-3 segacd cib the case is still hinged and looks very good .
back of ah-3 case has a few small cracks .
resident evil cib gamecube there is some sticker residue on the case itself .
star wars knights of the old republic xbox cover art and disc in original case no manual excellent condition .
star wars revenge of the sith xbox cover art and disc in case no manual good condition .
star wars starfighter special edition xbox cib light scratches but it played fine when tested .
ps2 slim console with 2 controllers and all necessary cords .
final fantasy x and x-2 ps2 both are cib .
gameboy advance sp silver w/manual w madden game and final fantasy tactics w/manual
i also have some beatles trading cards from the late 60 's .
the hobbit battle of the five armies bluray nib never opened .
my wants are all games that i once owned but sold off at garage sales when i was younger .
loz gold cart duck tales chip n dales rescue rangers talespin bard 's tale monster party contra cart only nes
xbox halo edition green console just the console is needed as i have the controllers .
would consider others but these are my priority wants .
looking for a fairly cheap laptop that will run these two programs well .
i 've been puzzled the last couple of days trying to figure out why my cpu temp is in the 90 degrees celsius range .
when i first discovered the problem the cpu or the area around it did not seem remotely hot .
too be certain i applied some more thermal paste .
but now upon looking at speccy it still reads 90 .
one user claims it 's the trump shills that are the problem http np.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/4x2ini/dear_schills_please_go_back_to_rpolitics_we_will/d6bv67s
one user dares to call out the paranoia http np.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/4x2ini/dear_schills_please_go_back_to_rpolitics_we_will/d6c0kgs
well given my history of painful periods i never thought i 'd be looking forward to af .
after going off bc in november i had clockwork cycles for a few months followed by a 36 day cycle and now this never ending cycle .
i saw a re last week and am nearly through my first dose of provera to induce bleeding .
i have been very fortunate to have found two doctors my obgyn and my re who make me feel very heard '' and validated .
as my re gets back results from tests she ran she has called me personally each time regardless of good '' or bad '' to make sure i understand every piece of new information .
if there are any of you who have the same experience with coming off bc a few normal months then increasingly lengthy cycles i strongly recommend getting to a doctor to get things checked out .
i 'd been feeling frustrated as i experienced weight gain this summer as well as oily skin for no good reason ... eating habits had n't changed i was still running a few times a week etc .
it turns out my blood work revealed higher levels of androgens and an ultrasound showed cysts in my ovaries though cysts are n't required for a diagnosis of pcos .
although i am obviously disappointed to know that i might face some difficulties conceiving i am glad to know what the heck is going on with my body and to have a plan in place take meds to ovulate get scans to know when to take the shot '' then planning the timing of our bd .
this is a great sub for advice and stories thank you to everyone who has shared about her experiences .
it means a lot to me to be able to lurk and learn from your posts .
i want to remove faze sticker and place something on wood too .
if you have warzone version of csgo and can make some screenshots with different stickers that would be great !
so after playing this game since release i am kinda curious about the headset symbol during the loading screen etc .
it most certainly does not mean someone is using a headset with microphone .
if it is supposed to detect if someone has a microphone it is not working at all ...
i mean i would give my firstborn to get a matchmaking option to select microphone using players or not ...
where can i see this stuff i looked at another post from a year ago asking the same question but there was no up to date answers .
this trailer really has n't gotten enough praise especially since sun and moon have been announced and i want to know r/pokemon 's thoughts on it i hope gamefreak makes a trailer similar to this closer to release .
of course this is a bit different as it is a sequel to the games and such some characters are recognisable but i still think it would be a great way to introduce people to alola !
2 youtubers from the spanish community have made a really cool song about dark souls they are currently in a playing the 3rd game together 1 plays and the other stays near him giving tips etc its really cool to watch if u know spanish xd .
they love really much the game and i think they deserve to be post here even if u do n't understand it .
it has a lot of references and its really cool .
as some of you may be aware i 've been playing the vn for an unhealthy amount of time lately and have gotten 4 of the 6 endings which got me thinking .
are there any endings you 'd like to see continued ?
note that a continuation can be of any medium not just vn or anime which may help you make your case vague vn spoiler s since not all endings give okabe access to the phonewave or time leap machine '' .
feel free to name an ending even if a fandisc or manga has continued it somewhere .
feel free to list multiple endings if you want to !
i 'm starting out with a free trial of ynab and so far i 'm really enjoying it .
since this is my first month i 'm still new to the game and doing my best to review the available resources but i have a technique question .
as i 'm tracking my expenses and i notice my activity in a certain category has exceeded what i budgeted do i re-budget that category within the month of august to cover that activity or do i leave it as exceeded ?
how does that affect how i budget in september within the app ?
well consider your career options on a continuum one side is money the other is fun/enjoyment '' .
generally speaking you want something around the middle that lets you enjoy a bit of life and lets you rake in the money .
not when you take the darth maul cosplay into account .
your sales numbers in the self-pub world are just as relevant as your numbers in the traditional pub world .
you 'd want to include your background what books you 've self pubbed and how well they did in your one paragraph author bio section of your query .
yeah sure it 's not like shino was the first to have blue hair^/s
have you ever been in a situation where a stranger 's used a condescending term to speak to you buddy ?
c'mon junior maybe a waiter or a sales guy who acted a little too chummy ?
or maybe yanno like you were being condescended to ?
now d'you think those terms or tiger '' or champ '' or chief '' all of which are complimentary '' on the surface which is probably part of your follow-up argument should be used in a professional legal setting like a court ?
the main difference here is we 've normalized honey '' and darling '' to where they 're for some reason seen as less offensive this rule aims to correct that at least in this narrow setting .
data for the last 647 comments for u/svizac_haderach max 1000
to summon this bot the first line of your comment should be u/user_history_bot username
i 'm just saying but that 's a tourist trap .
in the supermaket it 's normally half of what they ask for .
this kind of stuff hurts your co-workers because they do n't have time to find someone to cover for you not being there .
if anyone else is in this situation even a text message to someone that you quit helps out a lot .
ymmv is used alot here but i was afraid the pills were not going to be good enough but it beats only taking herbals for 10 years .
im on sublingual e as well as provera fin and spiro .
my levels are great t is way down liver is fine .
i may to need to increase e dosage but even then my results are more than happy with .
the e no matter what form will do its job as long as you are consistant .
i guess a silk beanie wo n't exist although that 's by far the best fabric for hair .
edit maybe i should buy something like this http www.ebay.co.uk/itm/stylish-womens-sleep-hat-smooth-silk-head-wrap-beanie-pleated-night-cap-pink-/162040029724 ? hash=item25ba56a21c g:4loaaosw3mpxefh5 ?
i know that atm and it 's shady as fuck .
sometimes the buses are parked along the side which basically hide you away from being seen .
and it 's a very easy one where someone could come up behind you .
i only use it if i 'm really stuck .
until they eventually admit it was them a few weeks later .
after 45 meters he deals 20dmg for body shot .
you always deal dmg if you hit but for example as tracer if you shoot to someone who is more than 30m from you you deal only 1,5dmg per round .
except the situation you do not deal dmg cuz reasons xd
damn it i have only 13 candies ... m-ray is not yet fully-loaded
the japanese burned everything to the ground killed most animals native to korea and took a ton of artifacts and documents away to their own museums .
in early 20th century photographs you can see a lot of castles and architecture that are n't present today .
mlb network did a good breakdown with video of how there was no way headley was peaking at signs .
it looks like the shadow from your after pic is cast onto your before pic !
it took a few weeks of checking daily though .
networking is the answer on the east coast as well .
he has a good voice for rapping but not-so-great flow .
i personally just do n't really like jooheon 's rapping tbh .
he 's s great performer but i do n't find his rapping to be v appealing .
i know smtm has good and bad rappers but i was speaking purely off my knowledge of how good the top 3 performers were each season .
when you think about rappers like bewhy cjamm basick vasco etc .
image and video based submissions are not allowed by r/technology .
please try submitting to r/technologyporn r/pics r/gifs or another image-based subreddit .
for videos please try submitting to r/videos r/video r/documentaries or another video-based subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/technology if you have any questions or concerns .
yes probably temporary files and updates or maybe stuff you downloaded and forgot about .
120gb is so small these days im using 240gb as my c drive and even that fills up quickly .
for your setup you are probably better off using the ssd as a cache drive to speed up your hard drives .
this is the method i follow for single uploads .
i 've never seen descent routes in my country .
is that a thing in usa or is it only this gym ?
i look at the tv set i have n't had time enough to gulp all i had inside my mouth .
local weather warning system shows another message this time .
i am a law abiding citizen and i obey nature 's law as well .
i have never heard of or seen as a matter of fact any weather warning which is silent .
but it 's lunch time and i am a broke person .
i do n't have a family i live alone .
mr snops ' house is right there just 30 seconds away .
i can see the local grocery from here just around the corner .
should i go out and check up on others ?
i take my phone out then dial mr snops ' number .
it 's not actually checking because the unable to connect sign starts hovering shortly .
but it does n't seem to be related to weather .
the birds seem to be silent as well it 's unnaturally quiet .
the leaves are not in their normal position branches of trees are hung waaaay low like something is pushing those downwards .
downstairs i reach the door and try to open it .
something 's wrong with the air like the whole atmosphere is becoming heavier ?
now it feels like a duty to try mom again .
i ca n't call anyone if something happens to me no one is going to contact anyone about me .
then i hear that sound like a horrible gush of wind is crashing itself down the windows .
🍸 you 've got a pickle hey hey hey hey !
it 's beyond me why we have the russian navy without either the german or royal navies in game seriously we have actual ships in these actual navies not fictional fire spammers with soviet flags .
ryoko 's digital bikini from the toonami http 2.bp.blogspot.com/-hfuwvt_5vg4/vxwwxltrbii/aaaaaaaabky/ll85gnvq1km/s1600/digital.png broadcast lol
another prtg vote we ran the 100 sensor free version for a while eventually bought a 1k sensor license after trialing nagios xi a couple other solutions .
paid licenses come with a fail-over instance as well .
their monitoring server only runs on windows so it 's obviously a core focus we 're a mix of about 80/20 windows/linux running on vmware and i have n't wanted to monitor something that does n't either have an out of the box sensor or a way for me to easily create a custom sensor .
i can tell you right now you 're not in legendary with those levels .
he ca n't use his twitter anymore so he 's making throwaways on reddit instead .
one example left paddle as l3 left trigger down to run in shooters .
more consistent and reliable than pushing the stick down and forward .
without knowing more info its hard to suggest specifics the details we need are in the sidebar but there 's a lot of wands .
i 've reviewed a ton and there 's a lot of features .
if you can narrow down features that will help .
if you want to read about some check out this page http dangerouslilly.com/sex-toy-reviews/lillys-toybox i have the wands all grouped together .
in general i do n't recommend bodywand brand they 've all been poorly made .
there 's a few new ones on the market that seem nice that i 've felt but not yet reviewed .
but who 's the final arbitrator of what p2w '' is ?
you need to prove false advertising '' which is very difficult and then you have to prove p2w '' which is pretty nebulous .
not that any of this will ever be arbitrated in a court of law but interesting to think about that none the less .
did n't you just say you had windows 10 ?
i actually dont know i 'm assuming because there isnt another viable option for that kind of griefing ?
there are a lot of lonely people out there .
people want to connect through actual conversation and adventures .
a lot of depression and substance abuse today in my opinion is due to people being isolated at work then come home and isolate themselves on a screen .
vr will open up the human experience with intimacy empathy and understanding .
higher frequencies tend to make the processor less efficient the savings comes from that os overhead is reduced and that radios and other peripheral circuits can be powered down faster if the software can complete its tasks faster .
i like to roleplay as a person who 's reddit posts are helpful .
i 've started paying attention to the games i play and used that to make purchasing decisions .
for example i know that games in the simulation genre give me the most hours of play for my money .
i also avoid certain genres like fighting sports and arena combat and i very rarely buy platformers unless they have a gimmick .
i also know that games in the action genre have the highest completion rate for me so those are always good choices .
what is no man sky you are like the 20th person to mention it in this thread .
it 's mostly boomers who read the citizen so of course their op-eds are going to be about boomer problems .
in this case they were able to buy decent houses near the core at affordable prices in the 90s so all they have left to complain about is the aesthetics of their precious neighbourhood .
if you use a heat gun you 'll be able to pop that dent out and it 'll look a heap better
let the 14 year olds and die hards have their wet dream of e-drama
it is a testament to how amazing our network coders are that discoveries are still working at all .
network coders '' idk what that is but that 's prob just me did n't anticipate the level of popularity and the servers ca n't handle putting of players all in the same instance .
z is not responsible for her own actions any more .
what really might help his popularity though is to build a fan friendly highlight reel smashing some cans .
what people love is dominance and stoppages not decisions .
i 'm caring about mm way more at the moment because he 's finishing his fights either with ko/submission and it 's exciting .
if it 's a foregone 5 round wrestling master class .
i have better things to do with half an hour of my life
that 's the same thing trump supporters say about the donald .
took me 40 minutes and one bad pinch/blood blister from needlenose pliers .
pull old unit cables swap modules install new unit connect cables .
connecting cables was deff more of a bitch than expected .
i can imagine what else goes into auto repair .
yeah til something like that association is allowed to exist .
if we go by assumptions there are far worse ones on the opposite field .
the deaths surrounding the clintons are very shady and should be investigated properly .
the game needs a middle name system so you can use their full name in a disappointed voice .
you get yourself to the objective right now ! ''
i like the idea of an abs challenge too !
burpees help a little with core but one of my goals was to build up a lot of core strength before i got into my second tri so i 'd love one of those as well .
i actually came across it soon after i asked .
do these kinds of things get inspected in kansas ?
acording to all the reports i have read about this accident yes there is state inspection for these rides .
if you ca n't get to it then you ca n't get to it .
there 's no point to ask for a different way to achieve it .
it will never happen and the sooner people accept that the better .
and if you want it to be authentic it should be pork belly .
i 'm glad i 'm not the only one excited for new hunter possibilities !
meh..i already had 4 worst days of my life..he ran away 4 times .
really its his own fault for not delivering on the game i decided it will be based on what i wanted it to be so yeah thanks for being responsible for the holocaust .
sorry but i had to remove your recent post on r/kikpals because your title did not comply with our official guidelines .
this is the proper way to format a title age r4r description
here is a tl dr checklist of what should be in your subject
use only m f t and r for tagging gender .
use around the r4r tag so it looks like r4r .
for multiple ages or letter tags only use 's so it looks like 21/21 mf4r .
finally please make sure you read the rules on the sidebar !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kikpals if you have any questions or concerns .
dammit ... '' as much as tess would have liked to capture the villain who decided to disturb the peace like that it seems as though he 's escaped to continue his evil-doings another day .
still as long as nobody ended up getting hurt because of him the ward would n't have considered a complete and total failure .
it seems as though the schrodingers were correct in saying they were n't quite mentally sound .
humour did n't seem to take to their antics quite well and tess could understand why she was annoyed she was as well .
when humour decided to drop off of the truck tess would do the same hopping off and standing on ground again .
as much as she 'd like to talk to humour and try to calm her down she had another problem in her hands .
she turned to telekine and looked between him and humour hoping he 'd get that maybe he should talk to her right now before turning to the schrodingers again .
look ... by the prt and protectorate you guys are labelled as villains right now but ... '' tess would start off and hoping that they would hear her out .
do you guys actually want to be heroes ? ''
tess would look down at them hoping for an answer about this .
of course making the schrodingers heroes was a bit of a long shot given their record .
tess wanted to get to the bottom of how exactly they were forced to rob that bank among their other crimes .
as if op did n't place it there on purpose so it could look cool .
honestly the correct term sould be raiola 's share '' .
juventus promised to share 20 of pogba transfer fee back when they sign pogba 4 years ago .
but then they refuse to pay it and that 's what make it so hype about till now
most people can do them but are n't really great at them .
the postdoc in my lab said that he basically uses them as a filter .
in truth you really want to avoid needing to column .
i 've basically been in a research lab for 2 years as an undergraduate and full time as an honours student for 8 months .
it 's hard to get things to work well all the time but you naturally get ideas if you expose yourself to new chemistry all the time .
try to be broad inn your knowledge base and find a connection between different work that 's how ideas spawn .
well i will start bringing in art from there yea .
its just a place full of fanart not an english site .
can anyone text the twitter status for those of us at work ?
i imagine the two players in question were unable to see each other due to the servers being down .
i was playing for 3 hours last night with no server connection .
but then you can use tabula until maps a lot of builds can use it quite reliably to farm dried lake and low maps which is great
i need to work on my arms more ... ''
i wonder what girl-me would look like if she was naked .
but the thing was at like 4k when thresh stopped and was at 2.4k ish before malphite gave em the dick .
very best case scenario they get baron on 2 and trade 3 for it .
but that 's giving the benefit of the doubt that they can pull 2.4k damage out of a hat in 2.75 seconds .
calls like this are tough but the fact that it 's so close gives some merit to the fact that thresh did n't fuck up big time and should n't be flamed that hard
i want to be a marine biologist but if i saw one of those thousands of meters under the ocean i 'd totally freak out .
you 'll leave the field of view before the drones get to you even if they 're slightly faster than you .
keeping in mind that bullets can knock them back and your bullets provide you with recoil giving you additional speed and thus allowing you to out run drones this will last for many of the early levels .
snipers wo n't take you out if they ca n't hit you .
either you block or soften up their shots with bullets or you 're fast ... additionally you 're a small target and if you run away from the bullets while side stepping you 'll give your reflexes and your tank more time to react and dodge each bullet .
boosters and smashers ca n't take you out as long as you have a few points in damage and penetration and a fair amount of reload and movement speed .
the fastest way to destroy a pentagon as well as find them is with damage penetration and movement speed there is no struggle here .
if you do n't upgrade those stats then levelling up will be slow and you 'll eventually die by bad luck or by facing an enemy who counters your lack of speed or lack of good bullets .
this move takes her by surprise and she gives a squeak grabbing onto his shoulders .
i would n't be worried even my msi gtx 970 gaming needs to run at 100 fan speed sometimes and it 's one of the best 970s .
a couple of days is nothing for a groupbuy/crowdfund .
also do n't have an exact idea how long shipping will take .
the only thing of worth in there is baba yaga which is a very good piece of sp content with a good mix of action puzzles and dialogue .
i do n't know what that one dlc is going for but if it 's cheaper on it 's own get that .
wow a cat at the ripe old age of 10 .
no wonder they could n't prevent it from getting fat .
meanwhile my cat just turned 15 and is still running around in the garden and jumping up on tables .
sometimes i worry that she might be a little too thin but i believe it 's better than being morbidly obese like the cats in these photos .
pictures of animal abuse that will improve your day ''
unless i 'm mistaken dreugh king is heavy armor jewelry weapons .
so it would be impossible to compile that set using only medium armor .
additionally the nirnhoned trait on non-crafted weapons is exceedingly rare .
i 'd be ok with the whales that want to play dress-up and rp funding new development in he game if it meant new ops .
people noticed this the first time when we were only shown white blue and yellow 's .
the presumed gem placement of pink diamond 's gem was used as evidence for the theory that rose is pink diamond .
its already been fixed right after the ti ended today
no mercy 's ultimate is great when used in the right conditions it may even be better than lucio 's or zenyatta 's .
imagine you 're close to the goal all your team gets one shotted by d.va/junkshit/whatever then bam you resurrect everyone and you win !
one tip may be that you can see who has died the skulls around the map so if you feel that a lot of people have died go on and do the ultimate .
you do n't have to spam it right away .
still i agree that she may feel underwhelming compared to lucio or zenyatta but she 's not useless .
you can power up other characters by sticking around with them ensure that they do n't die ... in fact your team will love you even with little skills .
that 's the beauty of overwatch every character can have an impact .
they can like it however much they want the culture differences are big in many areas .
the bait and switch that the publishers pulled with the western audience was straight up greedy backstabbing though .
if they would have said from the beginning that there would p2w options ... the playerbase would have consisted of the people who are cool with that .
they instead claimed the opposite and pulled everyone in got everyone invested in the game and then went p2w anyway and basically fucked all those people .
this is the main reason there is so much drama it 's not just the endless p2w moaning in general people were deceived here and are angry at the shady and shitty bait'n'switch business practice .
i was simply replying to you saying that none of those scenarios are fair '' .
the playing the game to progress bit is considerably more fair than requiring you to keep dishing out cash to stay competitive .
this goes into a much longer topic regarding how mmos these days get designed to be a pain in the ass for the normal player to push them into dumping their money into the game for shortcuts .
there is a lot of grey area there but from my point of view the last announcement is where bdo crossed the line a considerable amount .
also do n't assume that will be the end of it .
it will keep going more p2w most likely as it gradually has so far since launch .
i feel like the media tactics used against trump are the exact same ones used against gamergate and for exactly the same reasons too .
though i suppose i 'll just bring it up in the rule 3 discussion thread and make my case there .
i just read up on that because i never knew the story behind it .
apparently his label forced him to use cougar '' and he never ever wanted it .
so he phased it out as he was able to have more control over his albums .
your descriptions is spot on of what to expect .
i think the 1 thing with roommates is not to expect to be amazing best friends with them .
it does n't always happen which can be disappointing but its fine and definitely better than disliking them or having problems with them .
i actually press 97 seconds because of this and use power levels 4 or 6 depending on what i need .
baguette the standard nowdays often a bit industrialized '' and cheap
baguette tradition which is basically what baguette should be a bit more expensive and tastes better
pain '' which is a bit of a thicker baguette the name probably is n't dinstictive enough for you
epi a fancy weird baguette easy to break in pieces i do n't see them that often but it 's visually distinctive so good for your game
marguerite which is also easy to break in pieces and visually disctinctive do a google image search for marguerite pain ''
then you have variants of those with seigle levain sésame etc .
for pastries it 's more patisserie '' than boulangerie '' but in practice boulangeries do both and call themselves boulangerie patisserie '' rarely you will find places that are only patisserie and do pasties and cake and chocolate .
as others said often boulangeries will also sell sandwitches a lot of kinds too suédois panini etc .
that 's my complaint it was so fucking angsty ! !
they were breathing so deeply gazing into each others eyes joker grumbling bella if you leave me for jacob i 'm gona kill myself by exposing my skin to sunlight very dramatically '' joker then had to pose and follow it up with a swan dive out of his coat into a cream filled barrel of chemicals .
some commands like ss have disappeared from the new chart .
i actually like that there are few tools to give a general idea .
despite many liking ss i found it redundant on netstat plus other tools
people always talk like roomscale is just another form or feature of vr .
everything else xbox controller input seated experience games ported to vr that were not developed for vr etc .
death of the family joker is one of my favorite characterizations of the clown prince but yeah the whole cutting the face off '' thing felt unnecessary .
people here tend to start settling and getting kids in their late 20's/early 30 's .
one is a full time heavier professional athlete the other an amateur olympian .
what kind of ship should i be aiming towards ?
my mother and uncle for being at the great british beer festival while i 'm doing a 12 hour shift at work .
they 've got a selection of over 900 beers and ciders to choose from i 'm stuck at work all day .
actually i 'm probably the wanker here for not wanting other people to have fun just because i ca n't .
so many injuries west coast everything at such a bad time
actually no there was a gap there and these guys have claimed it
this is the first non home run walkoff for the team .
about the top 500 reward blizzard said that it would be based regional asia europe us servers .
but why the notification for top 500 in korea asia server is based on the global top 500 ?
i checked in masteroverwatch the top 500 in korea server starts from a rank 76 but in game it only notifies you when u get in rank 81 which is global top 500 .
if there 's nowhere else in the area to practice medicine they may not have a choice .
the issue we have now is the over-saturation of faith based healthcare facilities in many different areas of the usa .
there are now many large areas that have no secular competition .
a lot of rural areas and even some decent sized cities have had all of their secular hospitals and major healthcare facilities with specialists taken over by various religious entities hellbent on pushing their doctrine on the physicians on the payroll .
the nearest secular facility would be hours or hundreds of miles away so that does no good to someone with a medical emergency that does n't have the time to pick and choose what hospital they want to go to .
it also does no good to someone that ca n't afford long travel expenses on top of the exorbitant price of american healthcare .
if there is nowhere else to go what can you do ?
a possibility could be that the doctor could stay there and refer patients out to get the real care they need .
however to some religious hospitals that would be grounds for termination or severe discipline as the religious hospital would not want a doctor of their facility acting against the doctrine .
a doctor doing that would really be putting themselves on the line .
this is a very dangerous situation not just to patients but also to good doctors that actually want to help people .
the people doing this to doctors and patients are sick fucks .
i have a large family incl an extrovert younger sister who always seems to be in my business so it will be a nice break !
i know when i 've played something worth mentioning .
for the most part my entire arm is firmly lodged inside the 'half-life ' pie .
but wow has always been there for me beckoning me like a tempting but caring mistress away from a bad relationship .
and although there have been times where things have gotten alittle repetitive or dry over the years with the game i have been working on remaining committed to this universe that i have grown to love .
the fruits of this have been bared once again and i am reminded at how wonderful this game is .
i feel proud to be apart of this constantly changing online world which i 've now seen go through so much .
enough gushing now and onto some cold hard game design critique .
the whole 'stormwind prepares ' thing was very nostalgic of the time we spent at the harbor before leaving for northrend .
i got some serious nostalgia going through the motions and boarding the ship .
storming the beach was a lot of fun made better by the abundance of players and their hilarious remarks .
it creates this strange blend of seriousness and silliness .
one guy was screaming wanting to go home and was trying to jump off of the boat before it hit the shore .
at the same time the alliance were all in awe at the sight of the legion ahead .
the new voice emotes were being widely employed here .
i have to admit i adopted an involuntary grin when we were finally unleashed on the shore .
first we are all led up to a fel lake the timing and gating of just herding the players there is so well done .
then i spied the horde on the far ride .
so you 've got both alliance and horde witnessing the same in-game roleplay simultaneously .
it gave me some serious pangs and all of the memories of northrend came flooding back once again .
with anger now firmly instilled in the two raid groups a fight begins with both the horde and alliance groups helping to kill the boss .
blizzard did a very good job at making the players feel overwhelmed that 's all i 'll say .
weaved in with all of this are cinematics which are all very well made especially the finale .
all in all this is a fantastic start for legion .
well i 'm just giving examples that you can use as a framework not actual points made towards you .
see the main point of shortlisting things is to realize what can be achieved now and separate that from what can be achieved eventually .
naw '' because you are worrying about what comes eventually instead of say actually walking for slightly longer or slightly faster right here right now .
we do n't worry about the eventuallies we solve what is in the now because that is what is the most solvable .
sure you can worry about eventualities even complain about it but i do n't see you getting anywhere with that .
would you worry about lifting 20 lbs of weight when you ca n't do 7 lbs ?
i worry about lifting 7 lbs first and then worry about lifting 20 lbs when i get there .
what matters most is what you do and can do now not what you 're expected to do or wo n't do later .
my goal is tri color ur nicos ☆〜（ゝ。∂）so far i only have fairy nico but maybe one day
weird how you ca n't see her vagina what with it being covered up .
i 'm really sad that you are somehow allowed on the internet because you are hallucinating significantly .
do n't eat people dude it 's a bad thing much worse then wearing short shorts or skimpy outfit although i 'm not sure if you 'd feel the same way about that .
dexter up to season 4 the office psych got bobs burgers izombie inbetweeners both movies the west wing burn notice wilfred us the 100 chuck house of cards scrubs archer heroes season 1 better off ted arrested development south park mad men iasip breaking bad true detective futurama and trailer park boys would be my picks for must watch . ''
arrow up to season 3 midfinale the flash and lot if your into superhero shows are also must watch .
agents of shield peggy carter is must watch only if your into the marvel cinematic universe more superhero stuff .
daredevil is fun even if your not that into the mcu .
and even though its not traditional tv in a sense i got ta throw rwby into this list .
its a cheesy crazy cliché funfest with a booming soundtrack .
out of that entire list psych takes the cake as my favorite by far .
up to the final episode it never dipped in quality and has absolutely no bad episodes imo .
directly attached storage will always result in more performance and better latency than nas or san because of network overhead .
so in your particular case i would strongly recommend you to look towards software-defined storage solutions virtual san .
such kind of solution will definitely increase your uptime without being a single point of failure and various caching options depends on vsan vendor will speed up your current sata-based hosts to a reasonable level .
i used 12000 mods to fuse my primed fast hands from r9 to r10 .
while it may not be black and white the previous commenter is way off the mark with their comparison .
the situation they described and what is going on with your boyfriend is completely different .
2nd one seems to use star blade demon robe and divine spear too .
for instance there were between 3 and 5 space agencies building designing and testing rockets during the space race .
so imagine there were 5 nasas and they all got funding from various political officers legislative branches and governments
if you start looking at how many duplicative government agencies i use that term broadly exist on the federal state county and municipal levels you will be really surprised .
it seems to be not that bad on the federal level but in most states you 'll easily find five separate agencies doing the same thing .
each it 's own little fiefdom appointed by and reporting to some other official whether it be the governor legislature or an byzantine independent commission .
i 'm good friends with her son actually really nice guy
that 's in richardson and that looks like maestro pratt !
i hope your next doctor is actually a decent person .
james davies one of the welsh contingent of rugby sevens for teamgb .
it 's the only sport i have properly followed so far will be watching weightlifting when it gets to the higher weight classes .
probably not at summerslam there 's only one more sd after tonight before summerslam .
they 'll probably save it for the sd ppv they 're doing two weeks after summerslam .
it would make more sense as sd needs more matches to fill out the card for that show .
nothing more boring than having a protagonist who is born in god-mode .
steven started out struggling to even make his gem glow and has been building up powers slowly ever since .
b you should watch one punch man to see that it does n't have to be boring .
when tasting start with low bitterness low ibu and relatively unhopped beers .
if you 're not used to drinking hops and even if you are the bitterness will very quickly affect your palate and you wo n't be able to judge a thing ...
cable news '' is an outrage bubble designed to hook viewers to watch commercials for random shit .
cable news is not was not and never has been a reliable and reputable way to get any actual facts about current events .
when it came out i was super excited but never found it until about a week ago haha
and we could call you partly lawyer also for only giveing half of the good advice
small sample size but .167 ba .417 slg 4 rbi in 24 ab
i do n't see not getting the extra 200 that big of an issue .
either i die with it or i get a kill and have a weapon that gets at least 300 per kill .
to which my response would be where does your fears about misogyny '' overrule my 1st amendment rights to freedom of assembly ?
burnout sets with front squats and trap bar deads quad death
as someone who is fairly inexperienced when it comes to competitive tf2 how newbie-friendly is esea ?
if you had to compare the lowest division of esea to ugc where would it fall iron steel etc .
i strongly believe that a knowledge of music theory is a great basis for any musical genre keys melodies time signature tempo .
how it is applied is then based upon your own experience with music and how familiar you are with certain genres .
i like 'the ab guide to music theory ' by eric taylor as it 's fairly straightforward but covers more traditional music theory as well .
imagine the twist if kylo kills snoke at the end of the next flick and instead of commanding the first order he just ditches them .
i 'm one of those people who believes that to be religious is to be political .
as someone who wants to see god 's love reflected in the world it 's morally imperative for me to have opinions about how that 's shown on a wide scale and also for me to actually do something about it .
that 's why i work in the nonprofit sector and why i do my best to stay informed about all issues .
i do n't have to mention my love for god in order to speak about my love for my brothers and sisters despite the fact that my love for him is why i want a governing body to reflect love for its people .
when i see a candidate who does not reflect that love i will point it out .
i will never say in seriousness that clinton hates south americans '' or that trump hates african americans '' firstly because i do not know their hearts and secondly because those are ad hominem attacks that do not promote a conversation about how best to spread god 's love .
but i will not hesitate to say the words you are unfit to be my president '' in the same way that jesus knocked over the merchants ' booths set up in the temple .
that is not an ad hominem attack it is a conclusion drawn from serious reflection on how each candidate shows or fails to show love for my brothers and sisters .
the whole world is now god 's temple a living church .
i refuse to see it sacrificed on the altar of political tepidity .
one quick diplomatic meeting and he 'll be cooling his heals at an undisclosed black site .
whatever way you allow me in your life is good enough for me .
i was at my grandfather 's funeral and when my aunt arrived she broke down crying and yelling near his coffin.i really could n't control myself and i just started laughing luckily no one noticed .
im gon na eat 3 animals for everyone you do'nt .
the only gain i 'm concerned with is ditching all the 32 bit dx9 constraints the game currently has .
this is the modern 64 bit era and was in 2011 too and we should n't be having to dick around with memory hacks all over the place to play games .
sorry i do n't know what it is but this dude dope .
my doctor doubts i 'll make it past 700 .
she 's supported every military action we 've taken since she was first lady .
but she has a history of never standing up against the military industrial complex .
trump is a wild card but he at least has upside .
there are some good walk but most of the sites are concentrated in the north and south
even if you come to the conclusion that your mom is racist that does n't mean you have to stop loving her or being grateful for what she 's done for you .
you can recognize the flaws in those that you care for .
like him because well he is the literal god of the pokemon universe which is also why i want him in my party .
you do realize cp is based off stats right ?
and pokemon in go are already capped at the same level which is your trainer level but a dragonite at max trainer level is higher cp because of base stat differences .
i think you 're the one with poor knowledge of the game .
so a hairy old man is luring 16 y.o .
after i changed the label to label 1 i got this
eh i would give it about less than .010 chance in our lifetimes or near future .
certainly the odds are so low it is not worth acting like it is a remotely possible scenario .
the problem is government officials have all the control they need as it is .
the 2nd is not going to stop it and definitely is not stopping them from fucking people over if the opportunity presents itself now .
i thought i was missing something because this is just super lame
it took many years of bedwetting to get to the point he made .
it is definitely a work it is probably just a one off to help hype summerslam .
i mean they could bring him in then but it would n't be as big as if they promoted it .
another possible route is that it is a long con .
he starts talking more trash more people respond more fans get hyped suddenly they have a reason to mention it .
they would still have to find someone to be his foil though he would need an opponent .
perhaps orton beats lesnar and starts on about he could beat anyone in wrestling or mma .
ughhhhh of all times when my stuff is breaking !
i need new shoes the shift knob on my car exploded my phone is having battery problems it 's hot i 'm hungry my head hurts forza is coming on pc and my g27 is n't working !
and it also really includes kingsbury who played for him and both riley at ou and cumbie at tcu who played/coached for him .
beginning giants teams should not use any dd unit which includes orochi .
only when your core team of vero bella shannon bernard can clear the dungeon without the support then you can bring in a dd unit .
i just figured if they were light enough it would n't strenuous at all .
it 's a bit shallow from gameplay videos i 've watched months ago .
i do n't know how far it has been improved since then .
the main problem is that you will finally find out a best solution a opening strategy that will damage the replayability .
quite interesting '' with steven fry is on youtube and is amazing .
you people '' ... . '' bernie bros '' ... you guys are cute .
really winning over the hearts and minds of bernie supporters that you desperately need to win the general election .
checks your comment history for 2 seconds yep cancer .
use google it does n't take a rocket scientist to realize the dnc favored clinton and did everything in their power to nominate her .
ooooo i 'd love to see crawford tear his ass up .
he was n't too bad if you have a cb radio instead of an am/fm radio like us canadian badmen .
you can check them out using the rec https robertsspaceindustries.com/comm-link/engineering/14502-rental-equipment-credits system .
or you could just go to the pu and ask people if you can come aboard .
most confusing shit in the game but got lucian shard which i already have
it 's not super long but it 's long enough if you do it twice since aldrich will just sit there and die pretty much .
i think it is also affected by lingering dragoncrest ring .
to facilitate easy and secure trading users are required to set their flair before posting outside of the daily discussion thread info posts or mod posts .
since your flair is not set this topic has been removed .
you may set your flair by clicking here https hq.porygon.co flairtext and adding the appropriate information .
once you have set your flair and read through our rules r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules please repost your topic .
if things seem confusing we also have a quick start r/pokemontrades/wiki/quickstart guide intended to give a step-by-step process for new users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemontrades if you have any questions or concerns .
they are given a certain amount of time to teach and if they ca n't fill that i would argue they are n't making efficient use f their time .
if the content does n't really fill the 1/2/3 hour time slot why waste everyone 's time reiterating the same information over and over again ?
i 've never had a prof not make it fit it 's almost like they have time to plan their lectures beforehand ...
as a man in my mid 30s i 'm not comfortable being naked around pretty much anyone and choose shorts with a very low likelihood of accidental exposure .
that being said i have had times where i did n't notice and it was pretty embarrassing .
i will say though that men from older generations than mine seem not to have much of a problem with nudity around anyone at all .
i do n't know if this is a product of the environment they were raised in or more simply just an ego thing where they are gon na do whatever they like and everyone else should just adapt to that reality .
at the very least your dad is intentionally withholding validation of you by refusing to acknowledge your sincere request and address the situation through compromise .
i think any normal father would seek to do this and would want to have a relationship with his daughters that was not dominated by a fear of unwelcome sexual display even if it was n't intentional .
i think it 's time to stop playing by the rules and blast these 2 lying mutherfukkers with some righteous and visceral wrath .
this injured angle of eva marie actually has me interested in finally seeing her wrestle .
to add on to his post there 's many dialects of spoken chinese .
if i were to read the the poem in cantonese rather than mandarin as the author of this poem intended it to be spoken in several words of the poem would no longer read all as shi .
he wanted to showcase the impracticality of classical chinese in modern day mandarin .
nobody knows definitively how classical chinese sounded like when recited anymore during the time it was still widely used .
and it was prone to change as dynasties came and went all the time .
capitals would shift locations and the dialect of that place would shape and affect it .
there 's been several rime dictionaries created during past dynasties .
a couple copies have been preserved to this day and have been used to attempt to reconstruct what it would of sounded like .
if you are interested in a summary of the lingustics of colloquial chinese there 's a hour long lecture posted on youtube here https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=nillmfvf590
that 's the best place for the baby smoke rises .
do n't you remember when the firmen came to class in elementary school and taught you to crawl on the floor in a fire to avoid smoke inhalation .
placing it by the trash can is also a smart play this will make sure you check on the baby every time you throw away your beer and also be reminded to get the baby when you throw away your last beer .
i mean sure at first glance this looks like iresponsible parenting but i think it qualifies as responsibly iresponsible parenting .
this just reminds me how great sopa could 've been if the edit did n't force us to take coach seriously .
coach should be comedic relief and comedic relief only .
i 'm hoping they have lee distracted somewhere with some incredibly important non physical task .
it gets much better in quality iirc after the first 30 ?
yeah im on my 3rd day this game is amazing
i 've also noticed that they seem to have short recaps on what happened daily but they also show some of the games randomly .
unfortunately not much considering their tv is broadcasting mostly only from late afternoon .
for anyone interested into eventually catching some of the olympics there mms 121.167.43.161/chosun broadcast starts around 7:30 am utc on workdays 16:00 local time most of it is unrelated to olympics but they still have some .
why would a planet having 2 moons be mind blowing information though ?
there are several planets with more than 2 moons right here in our solar system.. its not even science fiction or fantasy .
they have no allies and even most conservative sunnis in iraq and syria turn away from them .
in iraq and syria they 've been losing almost all major battles everywhere .
they 're not even able to stop advances from azaz rebels anymore .
did they actually launch one single successful offensive in 2016 ?
maybe we should have a days since last l '' counter .
first find the derivative on ln cost using the chain rule .
then use this derivative to find the derivative of cost*ln cost using the product rule .
and find the derivative of tsint using the product rule
it 's been under single-player since it 's been on steam and other online stores ?
is it the result of an act of will or does it just happen in the brain like filtering toxins happens in the kidney ?
is the part of the mind that engages in rumination sentient or mechanical like a computer processing information ?
it 's not a right/wrong thing it 's just the vocabulary they use both verbally and when writing charts .
i 've had people guess that i 'd gone there and i 've pegged others too .
i live in la now and work with lots of mi folk and they have their own little things as well .
most people out here who do n't have any formal education often exhibit mi 's little quirks ... probably because their teachers and other local musicians were more likely to be mi educated .
so it kind of spreads to the area i guess .
again nobody is more or less right than anyone else it 's just the little details that make each institution unique .
that young scholes was an attacking midfielder or inside forward .
yea after that when he was beside keane you could say he played that role give the formation but i def never would have classed him in the box to box bracket
but i think people 's attitudes toward weed in general are uninformed and silly .
were you referred or did you just look one up and set up an appointment ?
i ask because adderall is so closely monitored red flags start to pop up if you 're continually jumping from doctor to doctor .
do you know anyone else that sees a psychiatrist for a similar issue ?
if you know anyone else with adhd you should ask them about their doctors to see who might be a good fit .
and like everyone else has said be upfront with this doctor .
does he have a lipstick kiss mark on his head ? ?
i just noticed that other parts of his fur look pink as well so it may just be a color issue with the picture .
people selling kara tt for 155 and people also selling m9 marble for 155 unless your kara is bta corner i doubt u can get blue tip m9 mf
they have n't said anything afaik but because this is the 5000th post about this issue i 'm pretty sure they are aware .
it 's almost frightening how common this story is with eircom .
you had lads coming around to the house without the slightest as to what they were even doing .
the dead guy did n't complain officially anyway so i reckon it 's all good .
the only thing green at the olympics is the diving pool
this is mostly a problem when i meet new people in a group .
i find it weird because i ca n't get a word in edgewise most of the time
i tried to get kripp but it gave me reynad .
the thing about the eclipse it its not just casca 's rape its the slow and painful death of everything the viewer holds dear in the series and the ultimate betrayal of griffith .
and you are right but that 's already shown in the opening as well .
we see scenes of casca being flooded by blood and just after that we can see casca holding a dead judeau while tons of corpses are being absorbed by something that resembles griffith .
but then again that is not everything that happened during the eclipse and i feel like the rape scene is such an important event that they could n't have left it out .
as i said it 's what conditions guts ' actions later on and the last image that was burnt on his right eye .
you say the panel you posted could be more powerful ?
i feel like showing guts ' most beloved one being violated by the one he considered to be one of the greatest men in the entire world is more powerful .
i guess everyone has their own views and opinions when it comes to the usage of nudity and rape in any kind of media .
probably wo n't get to make it back there before the nests change again .
will have to try chiswick common at a different time of day as that 's a bit closer .
we all pay for heathcare now but in my case the deductible is 5000.00 a year before the insurance kicks in .
that 's great if i 'm dying but if i just need to talk out a mental thing i 'd have to sell my used car .
my camera still works fine while the flashlight is dead .
it blinks only once and turns off immediately right after it happened after n dp2 or 3 not sure .
fresh bread is one of the hardest things in the world to cut .
wonder the type of music playing at frolics lol .
also wonder if the guy legally changed his name to frolic ?
there is a really useful tool to calculate optimal resistor choice for a given ratio .
like when you need a voltage divider or op-amp gain at a given ratio but still want to use e12 or e24 .
i have dumbledore and voldemort facing off twice in uncle quentin 's spy '' .
it also hits at least some of macsenwledig 's criteria new spells new tactics though there 's not much dialogue during the actual duel .
we have decided to not do the santa thing .
i wo n't spoil it for other people 's kids but we are teaching her about saint nicholas and what he stood for .
she is 3 and so far we have not had any issues we also do n't do a huge thing with presents .
yes she gets a lot of gifts but we have the grandparents bring over a gift starting a week or two before christmas and then we have gifts for her but it keeps her from being overwhelmed and able to play with the gift rather than having a huge pile of things and only playing with one or two .
this will be fun as she gets older and how we manage this but for now it works for us .
traffic lanes on freeways are usually 12 ' wide this leaves a ton of space for a bike to fit through when traffic is composed of mainly cars .
semi trucks get a little hairy but it 's still perfectly doable at slower speeds .
double check that you do n't have the filters activated
i would have to guess that some of the larger ships would also have a few x slots but not nearly as many as the l slots they have right now .
that would certainly limit the amount of firepower you can muster .
awesome lens but why the hell is this a youtube video '' ?
seriously i was laying here almost asleep and had to turn my fucking tv on .
hell i 've heard of some birds who fuck like that .
obviously getting to little sleep is not good and the op knows it .
in fact saying so is just flat out rude .
at his age he has time to correct it .
if you want the quotes of the shapers just type shaper quotes '' on youtube and you 'll find the videos that tolulo uploaded .
from what i heard allot of people expected it to be like the old thieves which it wasnt .
so i guess quite a few people got burned by that but i enjoyed the sneaking quite a bit .
kartelleilla on yleisesti ottaen vaikeuksia pysyä pystyssä vuosikymmeniä koska jos markkinat eivät ole kasvavia eg .
markkinat eivät kasva samaa tahtia kuin tuotantokapasiteetti joku toimija haluaa ennemmin tai myöhemmin isomman palan piirakkaa .
tähän tosin liittyy myös hyväksyttävyys jos kartellit ovat laillisia niin ne voivat luoda laillisia kanavia sopimuksensa ylläpitämiseksi kuten matkahuolto oy on useiden linja-autofirmojen yhdessä omistama .
asia on eri jos kartellin konsensus on vain herrasmiessopimus jota ei pysty mitenkään valvomaan koska sopimuksen luonne on salainen tai sopijoiden päällä ei ole tahoa joka ylläpitää sopimusta esim .
sanoit toisaalla että mielestäsi myös monopolit ovat prekaareja mutta tämähän ei pidä paikkansa .
bell onnistui pitämään luonnollisen telefooni-monopolinsa liki sata vuotta ennenkuin hajoitettiin mini-bell '' eiksi vastaava kävi standard oilille .
beers on pysynyt koossa sata vuotta siitäkin huolimatta että yhdysvaltain hallinto on yrittänyt hajoittaa firmaa jo vuosikymmeniä .
toinen kysymys on sitten kuinka järkevää on verrata suhteellisen pienistä linja-autofirmoista muodostuvaa matkahuoltoa johonkin opeciin .
tuollainen hinnoilla pelaaminen vaatii tietynlaista luonnetta joka ei välttämättä löydy pienistä perheiden pyörittämistä bussifirmoista joissa omistajat ovat usein myös entisiä ajajia .
vaikka monopoli ei alihinnoittelisi tuotteitaan voi se silti tuottaa tuotteensa halvemmalla kuin markkinoille tuleva uusi kilpailija .
toisaalta monopolilla on sen verran suuret sotakirstut että sen on hyvin helppo ostaa kilpailijat pois markkinoilta kuten microsoft teki 90-luvulla ja facebook tänään ennen facebookkia sosiaalimediat kestivät vain pari-kolme vuotta ennenkuin hajoavat omiin valuvikoihinsa facebook on kestänyt koska se on ostanut kilpailijat pois kuljeksimasta ennenkuin niistä tulee varteenotettavia kilpailijoita .
onnibus alkoi kiertämään liikennöintisopimuksia jotka tosiaan olivat voimassa 2014 asti .
tämä muutos 2010 laissa johti mahdolliseen porsaanreikään sääntelyssä jota mm .
she has a majorly psycho stalker who scratches her name on his wrists and then posts it on fb .
james is telling nicorey that meech has some votes but he does n't know who they are .
nicole james you have to veto bridgette and paul .
objective worse yes probably it 's harder to make computer keyboards for chinese that 's for sure .
however objectively worse is not really fatal enough to change your entire written language especially one so ingrained in chinese culture .
i 'm proficient in both english and chinese i can say for the point of communication chinese writing is easier and quicker to read .
i can understand the gist of any writing even though i ca n't pronounce most of the words .
the written language has its uses being one of the great unifying factor in chinese culture .
most people in china speak various dialects or accents but the written language is uniform .
also if memory serves me they did try to convert to a latin-based system earlier on this is before pinyin even and it was n't received well so they dropped the subject .
not saying it ca n't be done though vietnamese is a tonal language with an alphabet but they have their own problems .
tldr yes you are probably right but they ca n't work out a new system that is objectively better and also it 's not really that bad to warrant such a big change i guess you can argue they should just start speaking english but obviously that 's not going anywhere .
i do n't derank or anything but now we 'll see a lot more deranking groups in the legit matches it 's gon na be hell on earth .
he said after describing the dozens of ways in which he is completely and utterly miserable and unhappy .
i ca n't sleep at night and i hope he ca n't too !
accusing someone of trolling is n't antagonistic to the point of warranting being called a 'fucking idiot . '
dude also called him a bad rengar player when dismissing the criticism .
they were both escalating and both in the wrong .
encountered two drowzee the entire time i 've played this game .
this submission has been automatically removed due to a title formatting issue .
for subreddit cleanliness and search feature use the year tag in submission titles is required .
please format your title thus documentarytitle year optional description ''
our sincere apologies for any inconvenience this has caused and thank you very much for your contribution to the community !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/documentaries if you have any questions or concerns .
i struggled to fit my iphone 5 into the hip pockets when it has its rubber case on it .
it also fits in the chest strap pockets without a case .
but again with a rubber case its difficult to get in there cos the material is grippy
just that they are also countries in their own right
i hope this update does n't cause unforeseen consequences like losing my items or level .
it 's storytelling more than it is gameplay but it 's incredibly effective especially considering it 's done with absolutely no dialogue or text .
you do n't need to be told what 's going on you just get it .
as an older person with maybe more experience with women than you you look fine .
unless you told her you were shredded at 6 body fat and do crossfit twice a day then you should spend your time getting right in the head .
that does n't mean that you should n't work out just that i would n't drop your calories .
i would keep your calories the same and add some lifting and cardio .
working on your mental game and confidence is far more important with women than abs .
for some reason he needed the sword to use his powers for no given reason
american media tv and movie seems gung-ho on destroying their industry in an attempt to ride on the coat tail on past innovation while shoveling pc politics down the throats of their dwindling audience .
they chose to rather than innovate pc-up the nostalgia .
hollywood seems to be all out of ideas other than pushing california politics which really was n't the case in ghostbusters tbh i cant think of a single remake that was worth a movie ticket price
it counts more than facebook shares and counts shares of the link not the facebook page 's post .
they take smart kids from poor families give them good education while brainwashing them with their ideology later encourage them get public jobs .
they try to hold important positions in state and push their islamic agenda .
they also did n't do enough to tone down the hype .
the player base running amok certainly was n't good but them not correcting misconceptions was bad too .
i can imagine it now a boy and girl go premade bot lane .
they 're both really nice and polite especially the girl .
the guy supports the girl adcs he locks brand she locks ashe .
they fight in a 2v2 brand dies but he gets his 3 spell passive off while ashe continues to fight on sub 100 hp but brands passive saves her and he gets a double kill .
the guy says good job while she looks down with a shadowed face .
he begins to reach over to her to ask if she 's alright not before she flames him for ks'ing and smashes the keyboard on his face ...
the age of consent in pennsylvania is 16 years of age for statutory sexual assault and 18 years for corruption of minors .
teenagers aged 13 14 and 15 may or may not be able to legally engage in sexual activity with partners who are less than 4 years older
this is confusing to me it almost seems like it 's saying you can consent to statutory sexual assault at 16 .
then it says may or may not '' which seems like incredibly poor phrasing for a law
what about we start making new things instead of rebooting old ones ?
i do n't even want to think of neckbeard dads dressing their small child like her .
strong curves is pretty bottom heavy there 's some upper body but maybe you could modify to accommodate while you 're healing ?
i believe that he has what it takes to be a very talented player .
the dude can take any carry to the house .
if the line is competent i see a big year coming .
and yet i 'm alive with neither of the options mentioning the fact that according to the event the boar killed me and my horse .
insanely high spoilers but think of the veil as a giant blanket that stops people from living with the fade .
so teleporting would simply put you in the fade with few possibilities of getting out .
powerful beings teleport short to medium distances kissing the veil .
thank god i deleted it my facebook long time ago .
while you are right things have changed our functional voter bases have remained largely the same since the 80 's .
some norski variants are n't cool with drinking specifically the norwegian and icelandic ones .
personally i like to have a magwell but yeah that gun seems great .
you may wish to go longer than 48 hours .
from hour 16 to 48 are challenging because of hormone levels in the body .
right when you get over the bad you are ending the fast .
while i can understand where you 're coming from i had a somewhat different experience .
i agree with you regarding the permutational elements but i do find myself sometimes finding life forms that are surprising and cool .
figuring out how to use your limited resources at the start to get to a point where you have a big ship is great imo .
too many games these days hand upgrades and solutions to you on a plate .
on my first planet life was damn hard getting the right resources took ages and i maxed out my inventory and had to throw things that were valuable but ultimately useless at the time away .
finding a place to sell goods took ages and once i found one it was a palpable relief .
the price of an upgraded ship is still well outside what i can afford but that too is great .
i do n't want to be able to buy the best things after just a few hours of play .
i do n't want it to be eve but i do n't want it to be handed to me on a plate .
mining is an odd game too i never know at the beginning whether what i 'm picking up will be useful or needed in the future .
that too is kind of cool because i do n't know i have to make guesses take chances do in game research although i 'm sure google and reddit would provide a detailed answer but fuck that .
is it better to sell off the residuals and take the money ?
or is it rare enough that i 'll need it or common but i 'll need large quantities ?
while i like your add-ons i 'm still very much enjoying the base game .
it 's not perfect and gasp playing it on a ps4 just shows me the vast limits of my graphics in a really jarring way but i still am enjoying the premise .
i 've been to very few worlds and even fewer star systems but so far i 'm hooked .
they delivered exactly what they promised from day one .
the hype train went off the rails in a big way for this one .
i have to agree with the people calling the 3 class cards a bit overrated .
even huntress which definitely has the potential to be decent has the same consistency problems as kirin tor mage sometimes you just wo n't have a secret in hand or even worse an opening hand full of secrets you 've stacked your deck with but no minions which is backbreaking with hunters low cycle .
also apparently i 'm the only one that wants to try pantry spider in a hunter list .
and it 's not like we do n't have enough room for them .
if you 're talking about the update not everyone has the tracker yet .
and it 's 6 more trump support among gop evangelicals than gop mainliners which is significant .
as far as i can tell they do n't report the sample size or margin of error which leads me to suspect it might not be .
regardless of whether of whether or not it is significant i personally would n't consider a difference of 6 very substantial .
click the link in my bio to get the dontbescaredpunk shirt i 'm wearing !
your post has been removed because you did not include a correct tag at the beginning of your title .
without this i 'm not able to assign the appropriate flair .
please re-submit your post with one of the following tags in the title .
your post will also be removed if the title is in all caps or if there are less than 2 words in the title not including the tag .
if you 're unsure of what tag to use then question or discussion would probably work for most borderline cases .
release new tweaks that have just been released or submitted
discussion jailbreak related discussions where anyone can give their opinion .
for example favorite/recommended tweaks tweak concepts tweak configurations etc .
request requests for a tweak to be made or updated
note if you wish to use multiple tags please do not split '' your tags like this question/discussion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jailbreak if you have any questions or concerns .
the bridgelux vero series have charts in their data sheets that give the lumens per watts numbers for various current levels for example .
how am i not surprised that san bernardino has an insane sentencing to death row .
maybe has something to do with the high concentration of displaced poor and destitute ?
welcome to the ambiguity of the word combo '' .
elvish archdruid gets 1/+1 for each elf on the battlefield ?
i can bounce my island with a simic growth chamber ?
but no it is n't a combo deck to me in playstyle or card choices .
hell other tron decks like mono u tron are very much control and no one bickers about that they just use the lands because they 're efficient .
rg tron just leans on them more but it does n't change how you play .
combos should be demonstratively synergistic to the point of winning there and there ad nauseam twin kiki resto angel merlia and finks for infinite life mindslaver lock in u tron for crying out loud
please do us a favor and take a picture of you standing on the table posing like an amiibo !
but so many things are turning into op eds these days
pretty sure most latinos do n't like cubans and vice versa .
because and this is an assumption that as adults we have a little more sense than children .
children want to be superheroes as well but we 're not putting them on the street to fight crime .
basically a lot of people in this thread and i admit that i 'm becoming one of them believe that this is coached behavior and not authentic .
i randomly found an abandoned drop pod of some sort shown on the map with a ? ''
that had an upgrade for an extra inventory slot .
it was added automatically once i accepted the technology .
if your over rank 100 it 's also simple to go into t2 .
maybe you found the one who was just not the gender you expected the person to be
anyway dont let gender be a defining thing for you date the person sex the person that you like and roll with it
at least 3 people associated with dnc wikileaks have died under mysterious circumstance since the leak but what youre concerned about is that one of the ways that his comments could be interpreted is that he is calling for an assisination the other and most likely interpretation being that he recognizes that if hrc does try to ban guns that that group may be upset enough that they will do something about it ..that makes sense .
ignore what has happened mysterious deaths possibly associated with hrc/dnc and focus on what you think happened interpreting comments the way you think they were meant to be interpreted
you have n't made a clear claim or substantiated a single thing you 've said .
most of these departments do n't get much federal funding anyway .
in their federal register article officials cited their authority under the death in custody reporting act – a law that states local departments must report all deaths in custody to the justice department or lose 10 of their federal funding .
the law has been largely ignored since being reauthorized in december 2014 . ''
i do n't think you can be stoned enough for this .
i 'm a daily user and i enjoy 15mg .
do you think they 'll make the last book into a movie ?
it was pretty weird when i read it a few years ago .
wenger will remain the manager of arsenal until the heat-death of the universe .
it like any other tool is for '' whatever the user deems it to be useful for .
i 'm sorry to hear that time is such a fleeting enemy .
its literally taking years for them to move an inch !
the strangest part of this story is as i understand it from reading the article they let him board the flight once he reached it .
haha im not a huge fan of his style but thank you !
my tanto blur is still my favorite knife but i picked up a leek for something smaller/sleeker to carry .
the speedsafe assisted opening is the best i 've ever used especially on the higher end knives they make some 20 models with speedsafe which are fine beaters for the price but a bit sloppy/sluggish compared to the higher end .
and their higher end knives top out around 50 !
you can also send them in to kershaw for the life of the knife for a free sharpening just pay shipping to get it to them .
this model has the hexagon cutouts rotated less than ideally leaving a small gap when printed .
look up r/mpselectminiowners and checkout my recent post i remodeled this with the correct hexagon rotations and also the right dimensions overall this one you printed is actually too long .
as long as you realise that it is n't the same as real intimacy in a relationship it 's just sex then go for it .
if you just want to blast out your animal urges and get one on the scoreboard '' type of thing it seems like a good idea to me .
while being a sex worker might not be their absolute dream job that does n't necessarily mean that they have been trafficked and are having an awful time .
i mean statistically they have most likely been abused and are likely to have been trafficked but it 's not 100 .
regarding the dealbreaker '' aspect for women just do n't tell people .
it 's dishonest sure but you can just lie .
how would they ever find out assuming you stay safe ?
personally i have never paid for sex because i do n't know how i 'd feel about myself afterwards and i could n't undo it .
but if i had been still a virgin at 27 i 'd have had sex with a prostitute .
i now think twice about entering a cave its causing me to explore less at the risk of getting absolutely lost for hours .
i was running as many udls as i could yesterday and still could n't get a reskin to drop .
alright i ask you to recite the 12th amendment by heart .
you ca n't look it up and if you fail you ca n't try again .
if you do n't know it that is just an excuse .
the fact that requiring you to memorize the constitution word for word is burdensome is n't my problem .
who would have thought turning a beloved franchise into a sjw crusade for womyn minus all comedy while portraying virtually every male character into a snidley whiplash cliche would n't work ?
naw i do n't really care about the women in the audience .
but the officers who contributed to gray 's death were cleared .
explain to me how kissinger was a fascist because i really do n't think you know what that means .
the recreational appeal of xanax is very easy to understand it removes anxiety .
ok but does taking 4mg vs. 1mg really remove the anxiety that much more ?
i am prescribed alprazolam for panic attacks as well and it 's been very helpful for me .
even having it on me as a safety net is enough to calm me down considerably
japanese are pretty workaholic people i know how it feels being so busy at work because i work here in japan and they do work a lot
well the difference is that i went and gathered evidence that they appear to be bots .
what evidence do you have that they are trump supporters ?
i do not usually hire people to do odd jobs for me so this is a new one and i just need some advice .
i am planning to compete in sacramento 's sinister creature con http www.sinistercreaturecon.com .
one of our costumes placed last year we want to win this year .
i need to make a slightly shorter version of these https youtu.be/hfnxlplucvc it 's a youtube tutorial .
i do n't have any power tools or carpentry skills .
i am more of a sewing/worbla/papercraft/painting type of costumer .
i simply have a complete lack of carpentry skills .
like my daddy did n't love me and what is a hammer .
where do i even go to get something like this done ?
they look like they would be easy for someone that is n't inept like i am .
i know this is weird but i 'm on a budget and i just need a little guidance .
i mean who in sac do i even ask ?
a few of you pointed out the same concerns my friends have had and i 'm starting to see how dangerous this is .
i 'm just going to cough up the dough for these http www.rakuten.com/prod/gyptool-pro-18-30-drywall-stilts/288716983.html ? listingid=467842278 sclid=pla_google_mix+wholesale adid=29963 gclid=cj0keqjwxlc9brdb1dp8o7op68ibeiqawwggqmnbl95lnfy3shacr5zhffzcbnsnk70qxccx6f00kiyaaqnp8p8haq because i 'm going to be indoors on shiny linoleum .
the less slip risk i can get the better .
i am building two costumes instead of three because shit is adding up so i just cut one out for some spare cash for a safer costume .
i saw this post on the bloodborne subreddit he said he did n't like dark souls 1 because it was slow in comparison to demons souls i 'm just curios if demons souls combat speed is close to dark souls 3 and bloodborne i like the fast pace combat and if demons souls is fast i 'll probably love it
god i miss the classic lines from the original .
i 've been reading the book car a drama of the american workplace http www.goodreads.com/book/show/1972008.car which is the story of the team at ford that designed the third generation taurus https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ford_taurus third_generation in an attempt to out do the japanese brands .
has anybody else got car-related books that they 've enjoyed ?
please let me know if you have the boxes or if you have the pops !
so i was preping my friends pc for sale my old pc when .
what do i do it was windows 10 updated from 7 please help
no man 's sky but you can build bases there is multiplayer and much more than exploration .
im so glad i bought this game x4 for 20 4 years ago .
this is an automatic summary original http web.archive.org/web/20160810143603/http www.digitaltrends.com/web/ways-to-decentralize-the-web reduced by 79 .
the first comes from tim berners-lee who invented the web and gave it to us as a gift without patents copyrights or trademarks .
berners-lee 039 s new project underway at his mit lab is called solid a way for you to own your own data while making it available to the applications that you want to be able to use it .
if solid authenticates the apps and importantly if you 039 ve given permission for them to access that data solid delivers it .
you might keep your personal information in one or several pods the sort of data about yourself that you put into your facebook profile a list of your friends family and colleagues your banking information maps of where you 039 ve traveled some health information .
your data in your pod would remain your own in every sense of the word completely under your control stored where you prefer and usable only by apps that you 039 ve given permission to .
it comes down to demand are people going to care enough that they 039 ll put up with what may feel like a temporary step back ?
for example it 039 s unlikely that new social networking apps based on solid are going to launch with all of the sophistication and polish of facebook .
summary source http smmry.com/http web.archive.org/web/20160810143603/http www.digitaltrends.com/web/ways-to-decentralize-the-web faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 75817 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords web 1 data 2 solid 3 own 4 information 5
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
both are no-nonsense female second in command heavily armed chief enforcer types with half-shaved heads who use miniguns ...
one is called pled with two notches and the other is called pwr_led with three notches .
both of the plug-ins only require two spaces but the power led plugs are two different ones for the and while the hdd led is one plug-in with two spaces in it .
so the new change name feature i had a terrible name so i 'm like ok well i should get a new name i was going for unknownhacker or player or username i do n't hack tho and then dragon ball z comes on while i 'm watching pokemon on netflix as recommended then i do since i 'm the meme level power is over 9000 so anyways my username is now cplevelover9000 and i think i win a award for best name ever
i 'm new to the subreddit and curious about what my safari is .
also eevee has always been my favorite pokemon and would be estatic to finally build a 6iv eevee-lution team !
the charts takes data from the week of july 31st to august 6th and includes the month of july
hello i am only able to send at 50ms intervals in tcp s. i am simply calling espconn_sent pcon payload strlen payload
i have nodelays set up in both the receiving and the listening ends applying this to the new socket after accepting a connection .
but it jsut does not send faster then 50ms ...
however having 2 sockets running does n't effect the speed of each other both sending at 50ms .
i have tested this with up to 4 sockets .
is there a delay somewhere in the sdk that i am missing ?
surely i am not the only one that feels this international has been more illusion based than any of the others .
casual i been looking around ha snivy for the longest .
i have a few untouch rotoms i can trade .
are there any tips on how you guys handle being alone in your department and getting things done ?
i constantly have call outs in softlines lately and after tax free weekend and back to school the abandons and reshop are piling up .
i 'm getting more hours because of it but i 'm also left with literally just me and operator doing everything .
i 'm stressed with multiple baskets/projects from lod's/tl 's and having to hang up a whole z rack because i do n't want to deal with it the next day .
i know it 's not lod 's fault but it does n't help when their breathing down my neck when they say a b c area is rough or i need to go to answer guest one or cover operator .
i feel like crying because i feel like i need to suck it up but it 's hard .
yeah ok i know i have no control of her life or her choices and she has to make the decision on her own but this guy 's a loser .
she met him online and their relationship was long distance until she moved out to his state in 2010 .
pretty much every time she would text me which was more frequently than now she would talk about how she wanted to go back home she could n't stand it there etc etc .
and though i told her to go she did n't .
and when she moved back to her home state she stopped through where i live to see me .
that was in 2014 and i had n't seen her since 2011 .
so with her uhaul and boyfriend all we did was stand outside and talk for an hour or so .
her boyfriend insisted they needed to get to the next stop because he had a friend there he wanted to see .
i suggested she stay the night and catch up with him the next day since it was only an hour and a half drive away and she had her car while he had the uhaul .
she submitted to him and decided against staying and went with him only to tell me the next day that her boyfriend did n't even get to see his friend for more than an hour and she wished she 'd have stayed with me .
alright i guess this sounds sort of like a jealous rant but it gets worse .
she 's in her home state now and decided to get a house with her boyfriend though he has massive amounts of credit card debts and she does n't make very much money .
she also got a joint bank account with him in which he has total control over and uses it to pay off his debt and does n't even allow her any acces to the money .
she has told me he has flat out refused to buy her shoes for work when hers were falling apart .
and the most annoying bit is that he basically wo n't let her go out to a bar/smoke .
i 'm going to be moving back in her vicinity soon and she leaves very close to a state where it 's legal to buy greens recreationally .
i asked if she wanted to meet up and go hang out there and smoke .
and she said 'he would n't let me do that . '
i 've asked her if he 's ever physically abused her but she either clams up or gives a brief 'no ' and changes the subject .
any time she mentions him it makes me irritated .
i just wish there was something i could do to help push her away from this idiot because she just seems to sink more and more into it each time .
i am kind of brash and blunt with her when she complains about him and i 'm aware that can be off putting but i 'm at a loss .
i have tried the nice approach but that was long ago .
tl dr very close friend of mine is in a relationship with an at least emotionally abusive guy and it gets worse and worse .
i now have at least 20000000 experience points in the farming skill .
as far as i know brave increases attack and faith increases magic
if i recall correctly magic wont increase normal attack but increase ability attack is it true ?
by levelling up my invention skill i achieved at least level 99 in all skills .
i levelled my invention skill i am now level 99 .
if i curbstomp and win nice spam '' spam '' leaves immediately without saying gg
if there 's a really close game and i win ur trash '' lol good spam '' leaves immediately without saying gg
if there 's an extremely close game and i lose in the end ur trash '' lol bad ''
seriously would it kill these people to be a little decent ?
i ca n't remember the last time someone said gg '' without adding a snarky salt-filled comment that had the word spam '' or trash '' in it .
i always try to be respectful even when i 'm irritated if the game was really close and i lost i 'll go the extra mile and say gg wp '' .
even when they win they have to be nasty about it .
i expect this out of the moba or fps communities but to experience this sort of stuff in a fighting game is a little new to me .
appearantly a lot of people are angry that they can not rent their zweitwohung on airbnb under the current law .
and appearantly it is considered to open zweitwohungen for renting on airbnb again .
question a why would you buy a 2nd flat in a city where most people are struggling with increasing rent and can not even afford to buy one flat ?
question b really please explain that especially if you mainly live in another city and only want that flat for your berlin trip once a year or so ?
question c do you just do n't care for the social ramifications that this has ?
i do n't know if you people have watched or know of the following vines
there are a lot of vines with poppy from september and november of 2014 but the most interesting thing at least for me is the appearance of titanic sinclair
disclaimer this post was done after i saw the vine on another post https www.reddit.com/r/that_poppy/comments/4x6olw/found_a_rare_poppy and just started to scroll down and down .
and they are struggling in the lower bracket while wings and eg who placed last are in the upper bracket finals .
i am a morgana main and i have to say one thing about the comments .
so many people are saying just farm under tower .
i hate to break it to you but you are not safe from morgana under tower .
i get so many kills on low people hiding behind the tower .
her binding range at max is out of tower range so you can bind and throw a w under them before the tower usually gets a shot off .
then just walk back toward your tower and wait to hear you have slain an enemy ''
i asked my girlfriend to answer these quiz questions because she was curious as to what opinions on her type she might get .
she always tests as either intp or istp if that helps .
feel free to ask any questions if the answers do n't provide enough information .
0 is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ?
for example a stressful time mental illness medications special life circumstances ?
other useful information includes sex age and current state of mind .
1 click on this link look at the random photo for about 30 seconds .
copy and paste it here and write about your impression of it .
my impression is that it is dark and gloomy and like the rocks are decaying organisms .
2 you are with a group of people in a car heading to a different town to see your favourite band .
suddenly the car breaks down for an unknown reason in the middle of nowhere .
outward reaction lights cigarette goes to check out what 's wrong with the car/fix it .
the driver wants to go to the afterparty that was announced and assure you they wo n't drink so they can drive back later .
i would stay by the car and smoke because i 'm not a fan of parties or social activity in general .
4 on the drive back your friends are talking .
a friend makes a claim that clashes with your current beliefs .
my inward reaction is to think is this person stupid ? ''
5 what would you do if you actually saw/experienced something that clashes with your previous beliefs experiences and habits ?
i would n't do anything because i would n't care since it does n't involve me .
6 what are some of your most important values ?
i do n't know what my values are if i have any .
7 what about your personality most distinguishes you from everyone else ?
b if you could change one thing about your personality what would it be ?
8 how do you treat hunches or gut feelings ?
i do n't trust them because i do n't experience them .
10 what do you repress about your outward behavior or internal thought process when around others ?
my anger sensitivity and darkness because i do n't like explaining myself or talking to people .
my boyfriend has threatened to leave me before because of my depression .
he thinks that if he ca n't help me be happy then he is not the one for me .
i begged and pleaded him to stay and it worked .
that was the first time a few years ago .
we 've been together for five years and i really think he is going to leave this time .
he 's sleeping on the couch now to give me some alone time '' .
how can he not understand that this is n't what i want ?
tldr does anyone else think that it 's fucked up how fast the tm tm2 cast rushes their kids to meet their new bf 's and how none of the bf 's seek issue with it ?
the one part of the tm and tm2 story lines that honestly bug me the most is that in the majority of cases it seems like the kids are introduced to their mommy 's new boyfriend within one date or extremely soon after becoming official '' .
my boyfriend of 2 years has a 3 year old with another woman and i ca n't imagine him introducing me to his son before we were serious and established we 'd have a future together .
the thought of being introduced to his son being around him for a few months/year when he was comfortable with me and then breaking up with my bf and never seeing him again makes me really weirded out .
imo doing that shit is some of the most harmful behavior that any of them exhibits .
when the kids were infants it might 've been different but it just seems really weird they are all introduced so quickly .
i know that mtv probably pushes the moms to do it but i just ca n't imagine that the new boyfriends are saying jesus god yes i want to meet your child after banging you for a week '' .
just really weird and emotionally damaging in my eyes .
i found a location for a 2nd restaurant i want to open .
i have a partner in my current restaurant that i operate .
we are 50/50 partners he put up all the money to start the business .
he is also willing to put up all the money to open the new location .
he 's prob assuming that we would do the same deal .
he puts up all the money i operate it and we are 50/50 partners .
in my first deal he got all profits till his initial investment was paid back then we split profits .
i think i should get a lot more equity in this new location if i 'm going to be doing all the work .
if you need more info on the deal to help me figure this out just ask .
i almost feel like life were easier when i was unaware of my bpd .
sure people disliked me because of how i acted but i was also blissfully ignorant and thought they were the problem not me .
over the years i 've dealt with bpd and how to make myself better around others and my pain has only deepened with it .
having to constantly be aware of my bpd and be cautious of my actions is mentally exhausting and causes me to constantly think about how not-normal i am .
i degrade myself call myself a freak blame myself for others pain .
on the outside i might as well be recovered .
on the inside i am breaking apart hating myself and telling myself all these awful things about myself because i have bpd .
i see all of these awful things on the internet of people who hate those like us and i wonder if it 's really all true .
i 'm just lying to everyone else about how i really am anyway .
the only person i can open up to is my boyfriend and i see it tear him apart and i ca n't even live with myself for it .
i broke down in front of our friends last weekend for the first time and i ca n't stop hating myself for it .
i got upset over something so stupid and had a mental breakdown over it .
i never slip up in front of them and doing it this once has made me go into a frenzy of self-hatred and shame .
i thought getting better on the outside would help me .
according to the chinese leak that was recently proven to be legitimate rockruff is going to evolve into a werewolf .
that falls in line with the official pokemon.com description of rockruff that goes as follows
if it begins to howl when the sun goes down that is proof that it 's close to evolving .
it 's said that it leaves its trainer 's side to evolve and returns again when fully evolved .
i 'm really eager to train a pokemon that transforms into a werewolf gamefreak seems to be getting more creative with their concepts this time around .
i imagine a rock/dark type zoroark probably sufficient in attack and speed or a rock version of mightyena .
i 'm female and i 'm turning 18 in a few days .
i 'm mostly looking for people to play overwatch with but i also own borderlands handsome collection and destiny along with a few other games .
all that i ask is that you are n't homophobic or flat out rude .
also i know i 'm asking for ps4 friends but if you play on steam feel free to add me there too .
i 'm wondering if this weds post if she even does post it will be the same like the last update ?
hello everyone and welcome to the first episode of the biggest problem in the universe .
a very low energy opening at the top of the show by maddox who is immediately criticized by dick on what even is a intro .
maddox makes his first hint at a possible new book and dick credits himself with turning tbpitu from an idea swimming in maddox 's head to the the 128kbps mp3 file you came to know and love .
i wish we currently had a way to replicate the voting system to get an idea for how people would vote now .
if any reader knows how i could go around to doing that i 'm all ears .
i 'm afraid i 've got a lot going on for most of thursday so this opening is much lighter than i expected it to be .
as always though i have questions for you all .
had you already heard the first episode of the podcast ?
do you have any suggestions regarding our weekly relistens ?
feel free to message me directly on how you feel this should be run .
i 'm but one barely competent man and ideas are welcome .
i hope you enjoy the episode and that the end has n't retroactively ruined it for you until next week
i 'm fairly new to los angeles and i know nobody so yeah .
can i snort heroin 3 if i mix it with a little bit of lemon juice and let it dry out ?
currently level 14 and i dont have a pokemon above 1000cp .
i have a bunch of eevee candy and i think my best route is to evolve my high iv eevees and eventually my magikarp to a gyrados .
assuming i have a decent iv percentage 85-90 should i evolve my eevees now or wait until i become a higher trainer level ?
toyama dai-ichi 1 chuetsu 0 in the first round of the 98th summer koshien .
for those interested in watching the 98th summer koshien here is a live stream of the event japanese http www.asahi.com/koshien
i 've only had experiences with shrooms 2.5 twice and 0.5g 2 nights before my second 2.5g .
most of the info on microdosing is on lsd and not much for shrooms .
also.. would it matter if i do it at night or morning ?
i plan to do it around 8pm and i usually sleep around 11 .
i do n't have a coffee grinder as well.. and tbh i do n't really want to buy one .
so i ran into a situation where a user was getting quite creative in his use of racism .
so i blocked him by going to his account and clicking on the flag .
but he was still able to chat during the live stream .
and since i was doing back to back live streams he jumped into the other one to continue .
what exactly are the commands i can use to block a user and remove any messages ?
i am running nightbot but at one point i ca n't put every word he was using on the black list .
wonder how to deal with this since blocking the user does n't seem to work .
will no one know who you are since technically you have n't moved in yet ?
so i recently bought a new pc nothing too fancy just something i use for media purposes .
in canada we have tmn go i presume is the exact same thing as hbo go in the us .
we also have a channel called global tv which has a live stream if you log in to your isp account .
i use both of these using my parent 's login information and it works just fine on my laptop in my bedroom .
the cbc olympics does n't require a login and again works just fine on my laptop in my bedroom .
the following happens when i try to view something on these platforms using my pc in my living room
it appears that your internet connection set-up is preventing video playback .
nothing is live right now as of this message but it said something about not being able to load the metadata properly ?
i just get a black screen where the video should be shown .
the only difference i can kind of think of is my laptop is using the wifi but my pc is plugged in directly through an ethernet .
any additional info you may need just ask away .
i really wanted a 400xl engine for the cyclops when it comes out do you think i could pick one up or any other decent engines for a better price ?
for me it was something my roommate at the time showed me .
it needs two people for the best efficiency and an electric stove with the coils exposed .
basically you put two butter knives in the coils and heat them .
when they get red hot you use one to touch a bud and pick it up then use the other one to pinch it between the two .
the bud will burn and you use like a rolled piece of paper or magazine to inhale .
probably not the most intelligent thing i 've been a part of but definitely one of the most interesting .
i have finished the files such as the textures and .species files .
how do i test it and how do i upload to steam workshop ?
i still have no idea if it works cause i do n't know how to test it .
opening ch347c0d35 cheatcodes in the telnet terminal produced the textfile kernel_panic.log '' .
i signed papers saying that we got the car as is and no work will be done to it .
i didnt buy a warranty for the car i only saved up enough to buy the car and couldnt spend an extra 3k for it .
yesterday while i was driving it the check engine light came on .
my uncle who is a mechanic just said it might just be the way im driving it im new to manual thats causing the oxygen sensor to go off so we unplug the battery let it reset and the light was gone until today .
when it came on today i went to autozone and got the code read and it came out to as the catalytic converter was performing below threshold and needs to be replaced .
tldr whats a good aftermarket cat converter for the rx8
hello so i downloaded sonic generations for the first time on my pc then i downloaded sonic gmi and started using the mods from there to progress the story .
but whenever i try to use other mods they do n't work for me .
i 'm thinking it 's a save file sonic gmi jumps back to because i completed generations story today .
my ign is versace plant and i have recently reached plat 3 playing almost exclusively zyra .
i was curious as to what those of you who are high elo feel separates you from zyra players around my rank .
any tips would be greatly appreciated as i am always trying to improve my overall game play .
i know u may think its strange cuz it sound like a buff 1 more barrel but it is a nerf the 3 bullets do less damage them the 2 old bullets u can test it in pentagons and players and is even harder to hit them all on one target since the small bullet knockbacks the target
this secondary market tickets are way too expensive and my girlfriend loves these guys and would love to go .
help me find a pair of reasonably priced tickets 65-75 ? ? ? ? thanks .
tested this out earlier just to make sure it did n't reset the level or anything .
should make empowering both glaives or all 4 if you want to get fancy much quicker .
had a few curve balls today but it ended up being a very spacious feeling sit .
i 'm glad i was able to recognize my approach and what i was doing before it turned into much of a problem .
so i decided to follow the atlas path but i have n't been going that way ... do i need to go back or can i still head towards the center ?
when will i find an atlas pass if i continue on may way to center ?
curious to see if anyone has jumped over the fence and experienced anything pes-wise .
getting kinda sick of the same old career mode .
i just recently quit my job at a t mobile premium '' retailer in orange county california .
i lasted about 6 months before realizing how shitty they are .
anyway the way commission checks worked were for the month you are selling you build your commissions and you get paid on those commissions after 2 months .
for example whatever i sold in the month of march i got my commissions for that month in may .
fair enough got ta leave a lil time incase of charge backs .
july rolls past and no commission check from may sales received august is here and no commission check yet from my june sales or may sales .
so come to find out this company decides to pay out commission six months after an employee quits to allow more time for charge backs meaning less money paid to the employee me .
there has to be some sort of legal action i can take without me losing money .
this company has already been sued in the past so there 's already red flags .
i know this is n't the way t-mobile owned stores run things and i 'm sure john legere would n't approve .
i 'd appreciate any feedback on what i can/should do .
if i posted in the wrong subreddit i apologize and would just appreciate a redirect .
still new here but i know that there 's a lot of help and knowledge on reddit that i wanted to tap into !
if i buy some summer loot boxes will they disappear if i do n't open them before the 22nd ?
m4a1-s hot rod factory new http imgur.com/a/pqlfp .03s are up for 32k so i think this is a fair price.|35k
grabs brim of brightly colored 🔴🔵hat 🎩👌🏻yeah yeah 😝😝 what up ⬆️ what up ⬆️ youtube 📹📱youtuuuuuuuuuuuuuubbee 📹📱📹📱📹📱📹 whaddup ⬆️ joli oli 👨🏼cummin ' 👅💦 at ya 😩 f4️⃣r cuustomgrooow 🌿🍁 fourtwennnnttttyyyyyy 💨4️⃣2️⃣0️⃣ 🌬 thiseighteen1️⃣8️⃣andover 👶🏽🙅🏼channeldesignedf4️⃣r cannibispatients 🍁🏥 and adults 👨🏾👩🏽 alright 👌🏻man🚶🏼 in this one 1️⃣the lung buster ❌🍣❌ 3️⃣0️⃣ inches 🍆of doom ☠⚔this video 📹 is going up ⬆️ into the crazy 🏢🌀 hit👊🏻 library 🏤📖and this video 📹 is all f4️⃣r fun 😂👌🏽💯 if at any point🖋 in time 🕛🕒🕕🕘 you ☝🏻enjoy 👌🏽💯😌 this video 📹 make sure you ☝🏻️give this video 📹 the thumbs 👍🏻👍🏻 up ⬆️⬆️ !
and if you ☝🏻have n't ❌🙅🏼 subscribed ✔️ to customgrow🌿🍁4️⃣2️⃣0️⃣ already subscribe ✔️ f4️⃣r more .
this is probably going to sound very pretentious/self absorbed but i ca n't possibly fathom dying .
i feel like i have way too much to live for and that one lifetime is n't enough to learn or do all that i would like to do .
i have n't done a whole lot of research on this but i 'd imagine it would come in the form of transferring your intelligence to a computer or somehow enhancing your cells to rapidly regenerate .
i just ca n't imagine saying goodbye to humanity or all that i have ever done just being gone .
probably because i 'm a high school student and i do n't understand yet but who knows .
feel free to add me im interested in st vanilla items or st play skins
the other day my module was walking just fine and i left it overnight to hatch an egg .
since then the walking functionality has n't worked i have tried uninstalling xposed pokesposed and pokemon go to no avail .
location works fine in that i can set it but the damn thing wo n't walk outside of the pokesposed app .
switching from pokemon go to another app and back seems to pick up the new walked to location though ...
have tried both the current beta of pokesposed and current stable .
i 'm currently a petty king owning only a small part of ireland then turns out i am heir to some kingdom in mid europe !
is there any way to simply give up this claim to another ?
i found it difficult controlling half of ireland never mind an entire kingdom surrounded on all sides in the midst of a civil war !
i 'm not a huge fan of the p2w model .
at the same time i think that having rare ships in this game are essential in capturing the essence of human desire .
when i ride down the street and a ferrari pulls up next to me i get genuinely excited .
even though it is n't mine and i likely never will be able to afford one i think the world is more interesting because they exist .
if you can mimic that emotional response in a game it adds something .
from what i can gather there are a lot of people lobbying for all ships to be available with minimal grinding .
some will argue that there are other ways to do this such as having some ships require specific missions or status with certain factions .
but we all know that in no time there will be a how-to video on youtube explaining how to get that ship in a week if that 's all it takes .
by giving everyone what they think they want cig would risk destroying that feeling we all get when we encounter something rare .
more importantly they would risk destroying that feeling we all get when we acquire something that is rare .
if something like the 890 jump is available to anyone after just a couple of months of gaming not only is it going to piss off most that spent 600.00 real money on the ship it will for all intents destroy any sense of value the ship had .
my stance on this does n't mean i support p2w .
i think there should be ships at a relatively low price point that can do anything in the game well .
at the same time i think having ships that offer no significant advantage other than looking cool and being rare would actually help the game a great deal .
though i for the most part support how this project is being run i do take issue with the fact that they have given mixed messages with regards to ship values .
for example telling backers one minute that it will only take a week or two to get a connie only to turn around and say ships sold pre-launch are at a discount compared to what they will be in the pu .
the latter statement goes square against anyone that suggests that all money given is pledge money and therefore nothing of value should be expected in return .
and if that statement was used to keep the pledge money coming in that would be disappointing to say the least .
i was thinking about ordering something online but i have no idea how i 'd go about hiding it from my mom .
i 'd obviously keep it in my room but i have no idea where i would hide it any suggestions ?
everytime we click on a skill slot left click mouse and click on the x it auto select default attack ...
how about we have a tick of auto selecting wut does the x ?
like instead of default attack it would be a walk ...
it 's been a loooong month for mikey percival and markus grimm .
so long that the events that transpired in the month they were away are too long for me to bother typing out so i 'll give you the rundown
they arrived in england only to find their old house burned down and that mikey 's psychotic and evil ex-social worker who has the mutation to mind-control people had kidnapped them .
through a long and arduous series of events the twins rescued their parents who then learned to look past their mutation and love their children for who they are .
however in rescuing their parents from lilith there was an explosion that fatally injured her .
with her dying breath she told mikey that he would n't be able to use his powers until the day he dies .
so ... now mikey ca n't use his powers .
it 'd take one hella strong telepath to undo that .
a teleporter drops mikey off just outside the institute before popping away .
markus walks the streets of tian having made his own way back .
ooc both characters are on this account for today .
would it be possible to use my old galaxy s3 as a nfc card reader through usb via kali installed on my laptop ?
recommendations for superchief9000 http boardgamegeek.com/collection/user/superchief9000 ? rated=1 subtype=boardgame ff=1 as requested http reddit.com/comments/4x4et0/_/d6d1l8q by u/superchief9000 query u/boardgamerecommender superchief9000 ''
generating recommendations based on a pool size of 875 with a commonality factor of 90 at level 4 higher is better .
you can request a longer version of this list by posting the text quot u/boardgamerecommender superchief9000 new quot in a comment .
heroscape master set rise of the valkyrie null http boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/11170 7.8
you can request a longer version of this list by posting the text quot u/boardgamerecommender superchief9000 old quot in a comment .
you can request a longer version of this list by posting the text quot u/boardgamerecommender superchief9000 underrated quot in a comment .
you can request a longer version of this list by posting the text quot u/boardgamerecommender superchief9000 overrated quot in a comment .
your boardgaming soulmate is scotthinze http boardgamegeek.com/collection/user/scotthinze ? rated=1 amp subtype=boardgame amp ff=1 based on a shared taste in 15 games .
for more information about how this bot works and optional commands see this post https www.reddit.com/r/boardgamerecommender/comments/41owd0/the_new_home_of_uboardgamerecommender .
these recommendations are courtesy of u/simiansays who wrote the board game recommender .
so i recently wrapped up the dragonborn expansion for the umpteenth time and realised something .
when you go back to skaal village after defeating miraak frea says that the all-maker made us dragonborn for a reason and this got the wheels in my head turning .
we know that akatosh blessed humanity with the voice along with kyne so why does frea think that her god gave us the voice ?
there 's sinangag fried rice and loads of other dishes such as tapang kabayo horse jerky fried eggs tuyo dried fish regular tapa beefy jerky except more garlic-y and tocino !
there 's also kapeng barako black coffee and softdrinks on the side !
my server does n't work it 's a hamachi server lanmode is on 1 what else am i missing it says server di n't respond when they try to join '' and instand of there saying 0/50 players it says 0/0 and retriving info '' .
with datdota no longer updated does anyone know of a site with win rates pick rates hero builds and other stats like datdota used to have ?
i now have at least 174000000 experience points in the invention skill .
i think whoever edited in the last name for edda for that wiki page should have left it as 'edda ' she has two last names .
his damage was really high when you take into account his range and autoaim .
i 'm lazy so i took a picture on my phone and then pulled the photo from my phone 's library instead of pressing 2 buttons to get the snip instantly . ''
la semifinale l'aveva nuotata tranquillamente e sembrava avere margine .
credo che in italia sia dia ancora troppo poco peso alla psicologia degli sportivi e questo si vede in diversi sport .
really dumb question but how did you get 1.5.5c ?
why nooooooooooooo though it was from when phil was to photography why i am truly scard for life
it seems kind of out of character for andy to have a kid so soon though .
true but i think that the writers are setting it up so that she and andy are the new claire and phil .
oh wow you flip a coin in the beginning of a sports match gee.. im jush shocked how that 's part of the main aspects of the sport and how it 's played/competed with .
the argument is not some.. but most in fact all of it is luck and chances and while it 's okay for it to have some it 's not cool for all of it to be sooo heavily on it .
everything is luck from catching a pokemon to how it comes to seeing it and to finding it .
thank god there 's a new update to track them at least on the works .
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
oh yes mcmmo is the saviour vanilla minecraft needs !
it has absolutely improved my enjoyment of bukkit servers and would for sure improve player retention rates because everybody loves it when trying to block a creeper blast with your sword nobody plays 1.9 anyway !
triggers a super ability that you would 've wanted to use at some other time instead !
diamond d and sadat x feel it one of the best 90s tracks .
when ya got nuthin ' attack and insult your opponent .
lem me guess ... liberal arts kid stuck in a dead-end job dreaming of a government gig so you do n't have to actually work for a living .
maybe still in the parent 's basement or in some shithole apartment in a progressive '' 'burb like cleve .
or lakewood since you ca n't afford anything downtown .
easily offended like most of your ilk because you 've never actually defended yourself .
pc to the core and your politics lean pretty far left the right way of thinking '' insert massive eye roll here .
under the illusion that the jackass in the white house has done a pretty swell job .
i 'm off to the fucking idiot hateful hillbilly klan meeting '' .
beats being a stegosaur or god help you a craterosaurus .
i wish it were just the best athletes in the world regardless of which country they 're from .
i hate that there are rules about how many dominant athletes one country can send to make room for other shitty athletes from another country
for the stats because those stats are literally all there is and the only comparison point to start with .
without that it is just me saying things with literally zero evidence .
would it have been better if i just said monty is better than janis '' or banjo is better than janis '' with literally nothing to back it up ?
you either would have ignored me or asked for evidence to back it up .
so i 'll take some stats over no stats any day .
at least i 'm being fair with it which is something you have n't done at all which leads us too ...
my initial point was regarding janis ' long returns because those do matter .
if you want to take the big ones you have to take the small ones and if you take the big ones and the small ones you are now talking about what is essentially the average .
i agree with that to a point but janis leads the nfl in receiving tds in the preseason since 2014 .
acting like that 's no big deal an easy thing any receiver can do is a lie .
i 'm not sure it is a big deal .
snap counts in the preseason are insanely disproportionate across the league in a single preseason and across two that is just digging for trouble janis was a fringe player for two years in a row so his snaps are probably much higher than any other wr .
it also means he gets to compete against more guys that are fringe players .
preseason stats are just so all over the place it is insanely hard to draw much away from them our second leading receiver last year was a rb what the hell does that mean ?
yeah it is awesome that he puts up stats in the preseason but it is n't something that really means that much .
and even those stats that he did have what did they really show ?
they showed a guy running a go route past a slower guy .
that is n't the basis for an nfl career .
rashad ross for the redskins had four receiving tds last preseason more than janis and was buried on the depth chart the same way janis has been .
you keep trying to make janis out as something unique and he just is n't .
lots of players light it up in the preseason and never amount to anything because preseason stats and performance are really hard to draw meaningful conclusions from .
they work if you have two wrs with equal snaps on the same team playing with the same qb and they show vastly different performances but they do n't work on a large scale .
they are n't comparable across teams at all and are barely relevant for a lot of players on the same team depending on how much time they saw with 1s 2s and 3+s .
every player in the nfl shows potential that is why they get to the nfl in the first place .
that the catch in front of peterson against the cards was something only a small percentage of the league 's receivers have the athletic talent to do .
if you are an nfl receiver and ca n't make that play you might have problems .
he does n't even come down with it cleanly .
but people with the talent of janis who play well under the lights are very very rare .
because he is n't even all that unique in that area and it does n't even really matter at this level .
he is n't unique enough in that area and everyone is insanely athletic and the differences are so easy to overcome with football iq tenacity physicality whatever .
and what do you even mean by under the lights ?
janis was largely shit over the course of his two regular/post season games yet somehow some broken plays negate the rest of a game where he was bad ?
that is what it keeps coming back to here taking tiny little pieces out of a much bigger picture you even admit on the big picture he is pretty meh .
the bigger picture very clearly shows he is n't a very good wr right now it very clearly shows his improvement has been pretty nonexistent in that area so any potential '' based argument is really reaching and it pretty clearly shows he is good on sts but not extraordinary .
you can keep pulling his big plays '' away from all the rest of his average to bad ones if you want but that in itself is incredibly disingenuous to the overall picture .
if 99 of reports say one thing but 1 say the other and you use the 1 to build a narrative that does n't really make sense you can still build the narrative it is still something that might be true or work out but it is a very illogical place to come from .
he is n't unique and his potential '' has n't been reached in three years and every player in the nfl has potential .
what is an unexceptional player and player who has n't really shown much reason to believe he will ever hit his potential worth ?
is that player worth sacrificing a roster spot for ?
sacrificing a spot for a younger player with more potential ?
sacrificing a spot for a player that has already showed he can hit that potential ?
btw i 'm in brazil my timezone is utc 3.00
fix the current problem of skills bugging and leaving you for dead ...
a majority of the audio/video content nasa and the federal government in general produces is automatically in the public domain meaning anybody can use it for any purpose .
the thing is the moment that you stop posting online well i find it hard to ... stop .
it is n't hard in any one way it 's all simple .
it 's just the culmination of lots of little things and instituting that change .
we become soooo bogged down in our day in day out neural pathways ... and i 'm convinced that that is the shit that makes it seem like life flys by .
i 've always been a huge advocate of the constanza move .
right now you do n't work out focus on what 's hard about it and eat tuna on rye ... .tmrw you work out bask in the glory of the simplicity and eat turkey on wheat ... also make a rule where you have to make one new friend within 90 days in an activity-related way .
does n't have to be a best friend just get someone 's number shooting hoops very easy to do just be like hey man it 's hard to find ppl to play text me when you go to shoot and i 'll do the same '' ... ppl who play basketball are always down to have another body or two they always need ppl ... and most of them at least the type of ppl you want to surround yourself with do n't give a shit if you 're good or not or if it 's your sport ... they just want someone with a good attitude .
i 've played hoop with tons of fat guys looking to lose weight they are often cool as hell and it 's a win win for everyone .
if that 's difficult ... google the spotlight effect and realize if that 's you .
man i ca n't dribble well my shoes suck that dude is so good holy fuck can he dunk ? ! ''
in reality ... no one gives a fuck about your shoes .
they 'd rather you rebound well than dribble but they do n't care either way and they have 5 guys they need one more .
that 's all they care about ... just smile and say i 'll run if you need one '' ... if they do n't just shoot around and exercise until the situation presents itself .
take my basketball thing and apply to that anything .
breaking your neural lazy/stress '' not motivated '' '' this is hard '' bullshit pathways down .
if you just did that for a year which will fly by all the sudden you 'll have a new circle of friends that ask you to play .
being active suddenly is n't a chore to be proscrastinated it 's part of the social life of a new you .
i 'm 32 few close friends none that live by me .
i love women and being single/meeting girls was always the point of my social life .
i 'm now happily married but do n't love a lot of the married crowd '' and their activities .
i could bitch about it or do nothing but play xbox sometimes i do ... but i have 4-5 guys numbers in my phone that i can text to play ball anytime .
i 've only really become friends with one of them .
the others i only know first names on half of them .
but if i want to text around and get a basketball game going ... i can .
apply that to mountain biking or hoops or whatever i 'd tend to skew more towards social things with lots of people and for the actual workout i highly advocate basketball ... but that is one what you can get it going and keep it going .
pm me in a month or anytime really may the force be with you
can we all agree that there are gaps in the storywriting here ?
a we still do n't know why kaguya came to earth .
b was she going to fight momoshiki and kinshiki ?
or was she going to team up with them ?
c are they the only ones or are they merely scouts sent by more powerful guys ?
d power levels aside kaguya seems to have a large variety in her techniques like dimension-hopping bone-thingy byakugan-chakra-shield thing chakra-arms .
on the other hand these two just have one ability each .
i 'm catching up on all the seasons that i have n't seen finishing up 10 right now and i loveeeeeee him .
i 'm not sure how he does n't have 8th degree burns but ...
i havent felt the p2w wall in story yet unless you count the continues which i used for cloud cerb and hades and i was only upto q417 .
what keeps me going is getting medals of my favourite characters and trying to guilt them .
odd i thought the announcer had said every 5th and i thought they had changed at said 5th .
but i 'm also watching two other screens so i 'm probably wrong .
i learned a lot from this video and now i really understand why to don mine first .
i had a hail team and was down to my walrein .
with hail up permanently thanks to abomasnow leftovers and protect every other turn he was practically unkillable .
i do n't remember what pokemon i was facing but i could n't kill him and he could n't kill me .
instead of forfeiting i made him sit through a ton of turns just stalling as much as possible .
i think i lost in the end i ca n't remember exactly though .
the best part was that the next day i was talking to a friend of mine and he was like i faced this asshole yesterday on pokemon online he stalled with his walrein forever . ''
if you were wondering if it is worth clicking the link it is and to begin to prove that here are the first few lines of the work
why is bfx down to 0.30 already i did n't even get a chance to fucking blink and oh look trading is on .
ok but you did n't really provide reasons as to why you think so .
spark '' is the new name of telecom '' after they were required to split from a single monolithic monopoly provider into a back-end provider and a service provider .
but due to government regulation they have no benefits over using any other service company .
i did n't think they did too badly for that game 1 honestly .
i dont agree but that 's a perfect way to describe godz
i just did the hunger games whistle after that k what have i become ?
the depth of deep set eyes allows for more dimension in how the colors blend together because the crease is played up in shadow tones .
on lids that are flatter you can really only do that in neutral colors .
vibrant colors look like a 5 yr old painted my face
kill counts serve no purpose other than to encourage kill-whoring .
down counter everyone has to count on their own and the game gives one very clear warning when you 're on your last life by turning the screen black and white when down and desaturate colors while alive .
concealment only matters in the loadout where it 's already shown .
does n't matter at all during the actual gameplay .
no need to block my view with that crap .
wo n't the forward lines are a mess with players in way over their heads .
radulov is a timebomb weber is a diminishing asset the preds are thrilled to be rid of and still ca n't believe pk was the return
option 1 carey price stops every single shot on goal and scores 20 .
option 2 every other team in the nhl folds .
tabata briefly mentioned that he was off doing something else he 'll probably get his own arc soon though .
but should i do some exercise yoga pilates etc .
you can if you want to it 's not required .
what you do n't want to do on rest days is something that gives high impact force to the legs so do n't run .
when starting out i would n't recommend doing too heavy cardio on the rest days either to give the heart a rest too .
some light cardio is probably fine if you want to go that route .
other than those as long as it 's not causing you pain pretty much anything is okay .
my current aim is slimming down only and i am worried about getting larger calves .
maybe slightly more defined than someone who never exercises but certainly not large enough that anyone would notice .
go put marathon runners '' into google image search you 'll see tons of people with average sized leg muscles .
and some who do have large ones probably because they also do strength training .
marathon training requires running way more than you do in this program so if they do n't get it from running those large distances you wo n't get it from the comparatively small distances this program has you run .
if your only goal is to slim down and you do n't care about the other health benefits dieting is more effective than exercise .
it would take hours of moderate intensity exercise every day to get rid of as many calories as you get rid of by cutting your portion sizes by a third .
although if you do n't care maybe you should consider starting doing so because the benefits are rather large .
i have a friend i used to live with and he could never afford to pay his half of the internet bill this went on for over a year .
did n't bother me really but then when he got his first real job salaried position in his field he came to me with a few hundred dollars cash saying this is for all the free internet with some interest '' .
i have the internet light in now but there is a problem with the dns server .
i put in the information like you said 0/35 username and password got the internet light to come on .
then connected to it on my pc and laptop .
to be fair trump looks more like an orangutan than not .
my previous apartment 's ac broke down half-way through my contract .
all i did was contact my agent agent contacts owner and owner replaces if without a single yen coming from me .
who would have a phone interview for a job on a damn bus ?
once we 've ruled out any health issue we will have to teach him that the day does n't start whenever he wants it to .
i 'm fairly confident at this point that he is n't too uncomfortable physically though there is something not quite right with his stomach .
with a stethoscope it 's very loud '' lots of activity and his poo is too soft .
but i think that and his morning whining are probably separate issues .
only thing i do n't like is the killing it '' picture .
literally makes no sense with this type of style .
i feel accomplished because i 've been betrayed 1.5 times by johnny and the first time it was just a simple fix .
anyway the second time he in the end claimed it was a test which i 'm not really sure if it was or not though ...
i betrayed him once when i said something where i remember johnny responded by saying he 'd known me longer than eve but eve had been a much better friend than me ...
though we made up and i told him when naomi returned which he was grateful for ...
he responded like it was one of the best things to happen ...
part of what we do at work is geotargeting might be useful to solve increase worldwide income .
disclaimer in case is not clear from above i work at the company .
clean install from the ground up is likely the best bet but you could also 'clone ' your desktop drive and use that as your laptop 's main hd which will make your laptop operate exactly the same as the desktop however if you 're not sure what i 'm talking about then do not do it .
takes a long time but it 's safe and reliable .
havent touc a dk since wod.. but managing resources wasnt simple.. def has a big learning curve .
pokemon obtained from this user are not allowed on r/pokemontrades .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemonexchange if you have any questions or concerns .
sanitarium is an oldie but a goodie http www.metacritic.com/game/pc/sanitarium edit a letter
unless they changed it in beta you can only have one dh per server .
set him back in terms of making the episodes .
sorry it 's fix_mounted_probe is definitely in the rcs .
also you may want z_safe_homing to make sure it probes over top of the bed .
sadly i did n't enough to buy this one at the time the one i have now looks like an x-wing with a loop around it instead of wings
so you 're telling me the us is the only first world country where its not financially viable ?
its just some guy reciting the 55th chapter of the quran .
all of the verses are assertions of things allah did no arguments no evidence .
honestly i was a little terrified that some hacker would come in and make all the hunters die including himself to kill everyones win streaks .
well that 's all the value a lot of africans have .
if they can sell resources and reinvest money into the country that 's about as good as they can do .
i guess it would be better if richer countries donated everything to them but we all know that no one is going to do that .
i have felt very isolated because of the circumstances of my husband 's death it 's helpful to hear from someone who suffered through a similar experience .
shooooossh its okay you were just born in le wrong generation .
i 'm jealous your stunning as hell you have a beautiful smile and stunning eyes .
i know people have commented on your weight but i reckon your a good weight you do n't need to be a stick to be pretty .
over all your stunning just keep your chin up bella xx
he is way better than aphro was this split .
and him being a rookie that came out of no where too .
only competitive players care that much about balance changes .
balance changes should be infrequent though obviously more frequent than they are .
we should n't have to give up dust for necessary balance changes
clinical psych but my roommate is in a lifespan developmental phd program and i have many friends in the behavioral neuroscience program so i could maybe help with those too if you had questions .
the common mistake i see a lot of sub 70 genjis make is they have zero setup on their ults .
i usually try to get a pick before i ult pref zen but the logic is that you should use all of your abilities before you ult because you really do n't want to be using deflect during your ult .
so when you dive the enemy team the perfect situation is you pick zen/mcree/tracer do n't try to pick lucio it usually takes too long .
if you get their attention you can usually line them all up for a good dash and turn right click then gage whether you need to deflect before you ult .
when you ult you can dash through all of them again effectively dealing 100 dmg to everyone setting up your sword swings to kill your chunked enemies .
honestly as accurate as the simulation may be this is also a terribly clumsy and frustrating game .
no i do n't enjoy spending most of my time trying to pick something up or trying to load a cartridge .
it 's silly ... also the guns work randomly the button assignments are all random make no sense .
half the time i ca n't figure out what anything does .
ironic that trump was discussing how the clintons allowed '' seddique mir mateen to sit behind her as he was pointing right where mark foley was sitting .
to set up plex i 'd put plex.example.com in source hostname port 80 and then in destination i 'd set it to localhost port 32400 ?
you can love guns thats your right as is your right to love lets say beer .
but it would be trashy to have engagement photos of both of you shotgunning a beer .
it 's no different it 's still stupid and trashy .
yes theres worse there 's facebook pics of people doing heroine or dressing like a slut and taking pictures asking for dick .
that doesnt make the former example not trashy just shows the levels .
ah yes everyone points to one scene in the 3rd movie to prove the whole franchise was bad .
i could point to the scene with the cgi tony stark in captain america civil war which is super uncanny valley and dumb but that does not make the who series bad .
i like to give a cigar at least two chances before i write them off .
trading is a good way to get new sticks as well .
also there are quite a few folks on here who run box splits pretty often where they 'll let you buy as few as one from a box .
4-1 at home in the 7th to start the inning .
how ... .that should be a weird once a year thing that you blow that game .
this team is winning games and the bullpen is giving them away .
they 're throwing wins right the fuck out the window .
i do n't wan na see that shit happen keep the cw on the cw
jugg fuckin dove the mirana when he knew that he was gon na get disrupted the fuck are you doing
the question is really is if it 's a problem .
why do you even want a ldl level of 103 mg/dl ?
if we could remove the potential heart disease question what would be ideal ?
you need cholesterol to repair cells and you need cholesterol to produce hormones .
i was easily eating 2 pounds of lentils a day 200 g of nuts 4 bananas lots of apples
being fat is a lot worse for chronic disease than eating butter .
most of the city is black as are a lot of the cops .
if 70 of the city is black most arrests will be black .
in addition black cops know what shit heads the punks are so they hammer them as they should .
they should let the cops crush all these fuckers until order is restored .
that way the location appears to you as soon as it spawns .
it will say a wilderness warband camp has appeared at ... ... '' .
well i do n't think that whatever they come up with will be exactly like the cage uniforms or exactly like the original series uniforms .
i 'd expect they 'd look to take cues from both and come up with something that 's both original and looks as though it would fit within the era .
nuggeted condoms '' does n't have the same ring to it somehow..
cps is distributing their funding in an iniquitous manner .
the poor school in this instance has a better student-to-teacher ratio than the good school .
at 16 with the girl i 'm still with today .
give me yours via pm so i can invoice you .
i assume you read it wont come with tracking to keep shipping cost very low .
hey i think you 're cool and so i wan na be honest with you .
that 's why avery brooks was picked over richard dean anderson ?
it was hard to tell but she could see her giving a thumbs up in the ice .
strange that there is no veil but there is bluing .
d but there 's so little of us that get the reference i believe a secret handshake must be invented .
incidentally emily is a name i 'm considering to take once the transition goes in full swing .
what do i do if there 's some inter-team conflict which has been happening a lot with a lot of teams i 'm on .
i could totally imagine it going straight to his head .
i could see him accepting the medal in like a fucking bald eagle costume covered in gold chains .
zero contact with all exes though admittedly and to my unease they are sometimes emotionally present
theres nobody to speak chinese too but i suppose she could swear in chinese
i think about this game more often than i should
i figured that 's how it works but i was just wondering if there was also a black essence that you could heat with any crystal not the one it was named after .
my last doctors appointment for blood work came back great but that was about 6 months ago .
i try to avoid doctors if i 'm not deathly sick because the wait times i live in canada are ridiculous .
my parents are concerned because my sister who is 5'2 weighs more than i do .
oh man those leg twitches really let you know how much that must have hurt .
noticing sky 's reaction merle decided to hold off on any pranks .
maybe she thought she could be of help to the boy .
i know it 's what i wish i had done . ''
i guess it feels self serving to not say anything
besides there 's no guarantee they wo n't find out the next day
we 're probably just going to have to agree to disagree
you repeating yourself does n't mean you automatically win an argument lmao
not for a long while tbh ... missing a lot of basic boss pets as well as bombi vit
everyone wanted a fork so that they would n't have to worry about this .
now etc exists so that you could all get your eth back and it still follows the old rules .
the etc in the dao may be rightfully theirs but the ethereum community did what they wanted and righted the theft gave them their ether .
i fail to see how what happens in etc is our problem .
to be fair that 's also how tes iv oblivion depicted them and i 've noticed that oblivion and eso graphics share several other similarities .
i want to think that there are a lot of variety of appearances for members of the same race as is already proven by the various character creation engines https www.reddit.com/r/teslore/comments/3ws3in/whats_up_with_altmerbosmer_eyes/cxypncg .
interbreeding might also play a role and it becomes interesting when you notice that both oblivion and eso take place in times of great multiculturalism and globalization .
as for enveloping eyeball imagine if the bubble were a soap bubble .
you could push air into it to make it grow and trap eyeball inside it and at no point would the bubble lose air .
this would imply that eyeball simply phases through the membrane of the bubble which should n't be possible unless steven can control how porous it is .
for most your journeys london paris brussels amsterdam the train is a lot easier and faster too when you take into account all the time overhead for airports .
for amsterdam-london it 's a bit faster and typically cheaper to fly than take the train .
you may also wish to explore a ticket that goes from your home airport to london and then back home directly from amsterdam .
it would save you that last leg from amsterdam to london .
this is called an open jaw ticket and is normally no more expensive than a simple round trip .
you can book it using the multi-city '' tab on almost any airfare search engine .
what do you normally do to kill time besides reddit ?
hopefully he gets first team football otherwise this does n't make sense .
i had to figure out what my priorities in life really are and for that i 'm thankful .
i chased the dream of being a physician like a dog chases a car not knowing what i would do once i caught it .
i 'm sure i would be a great doctor but i do n't want to work horridly long hours that would prevent me from spending the money leftover from loans and insurance .
instead i 'm working on a phd in applied bioscience .
i disagree you need to be pretty much head-on for it not to give itself away .
you ca n't have a mixture of kids and adults standing for instance so for the angles to work it needs some distance but it 's a small prop for distance work .
and of course for close small group work it ca n't be examined which would be the most natural thing to do with a pen/cil something that gets lent out often .
they 've supposedly released multiple patches to improve the performance but usually the patches just make things worse .
i 'm honestly impressed they have n't just completely abandoned the game because it 's clear it 's unfix-able and they 're not willing to admit they released it in a completely unfinished state so even acknowledging there 's something to be improved upon is kind of admirable as far as this rotten industry goes .
maybe they 're not making a genuine effort at making things better and behind closed doors they have abandoned the idea but it 's better pr to pretend you 're still hard at work on it .
can anyone more versed in williams and his avant gardeyness explain this poem or at least its significance ?
i know it 's considered in the canon but i never understood why
they never last long gyms always go up and change a few times a day
how does that in any way invalidate life happens and you have to move on '' ?
it seems to me that the use described for implicit conversions is a complicated workaround for the fact that java and c have final methods and final classes .
c has final classes d has final classes php has them and rust does n't even allow subclassing composition over inheritance etc .
only languages i 've used without it are python ruby and javascript and they have their own fun warts that relate to their free and easy ways .
as a language design principle does n't it just make more sense to say immutable data is wonderful .
if you 've ever worked on a system that makes ample use of monkey patching no immutable class and method definitions are not inherently bad when used correctly .
given your earlier message re the 'overstatement of the benefits of static types ' i guess you 're a smugxweenie where x is a dynamically typed language in the realms of js python or ruby .
whereas i 'm a smugyweenie where y is the right tool for the right job and if we 're talking large complex systems i 'll take static typing over dynamic typing no questions asked .
but this is us having a completely subjective discussion about what we prefer in a language .
the idea of von karma wanting to turn edgeworth to the dark side as some form of revenge is hilarious combined with takumi 's headcanon of the von karmas and edgeworth going out for karaoke after each victory http gyakutensaibanlibrary.blogspot.nl/2016/07/mitsurugi-reiji-what-kind-of-character.html .
i will make edgeworth pay with my decade-long masterplan ... and i will also make sure his son will always sing after each trial !
i have the idea that von karma did sorta try raise him in a for him normal way and that perhaps he did n't plan the events from 1-4 right from the start framing him for murder though he might have seen edgeworth 's will waver after his encounters with phoenix .
this is why i miss the old days of game development .
ah the good old days where crippling bugs were never fixed and just features '' you had to arrange yourself with .
wheels do n't work so here 's remote tech . ''
that 's done by different developers and maybe you noticed that the antenna plugin was pushed back for engine/wheel improvements .
which will now land in the same release as the second set of wheel improvements .
people wanted stock ker functionality since before remote tech existed as a mod .
it would be the first stock feature i 'll disable outright '' because i prefer mechjeb 's readouts .
not only that but rt did it right not this bastardized form of feigning difficulty .
rt being more realistic does not mean it 's more fun .
there 's a reason why mods like antennarange are popular – not everyone wants to be anal about things like antenna alignment .
he said founded he also said clinton was cofounder here have a source http www.nytimes.com/2016/08/11/us/politics/trump-rally.html
karazhan is officially not allowed in the eu tournament .
but you can get karazhan cards from discover effects .
just to get this straight this is the music side not the club .
against marrying a foreigner '' a brit of indian origin
a manipur-based radical social organisation has warned activist irom sharmila who recently decided to end her 16-year-old fast against alleged army atrocities against contesting elections and marrying an outsider .
in a threat to the living icon of mass struggle the secessionist alliance for socialist unity kangleipak reminded her that some former revolutionary leaders were assassinated after deviating from the cause and getting elected as people 's representatives .
maybe someone should start a fast against the militants and their open bullying ?
there are no other good games for week 6 other than them maybe showing up to the cotton bowl for the red river shootout if both ou and texas are undefested .
texas will have knocked off southern cal and ucla by then i think and ou wouldve beaten the buckeyes and houston .
who really knows though they may show up to bama arky just for the hell of it
if you use destiny item manager in your browser it has a couple of very handy filters .
for example i lock all my gear i want to keep and leave the infusion fodder unlocked so i can search for 'is unlocked ' to quickly find a piece of gear i can use for infusion .
hold itt my oc points the finger just like phetus wright
he actually dose wear a top but only in the japanese version or in us if you beat the gamr he wears a jacket http vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/megamitensei/images/d/dd/hito1.jpg/revision/latest/thumbnail-down/width/340/height/986 ? cb=20080725021011 but its kind of weird because look he isnt wearing a shirt underneath so the implication is that he gets up showers then puts on a jakcet and shorts over his nude body nothing else
ps sorry for englash i only play dual destinities it my fave pw game and my fave man is the black samurai but i never get past case 3 because i was bored to tears after playing the horrible 2nd case .
i 'm a fairly methodical person and i tend to play a little harder than perhaps the average ?
i prefer to make sure they know just how fucked they really are .
extensive tight bondage all of is pretty thick and durable stuff .
positions can vary i usually start with something simple for easy access to explore but after i 've identified their nightmare ticklish spots i start to specialize the position to expose and immobilize their worst areas so they feel more vulnerable .
i like to force them to focus on the sensations i want not whatever they try to escape with in their mind .
from there it 's really just a game of testing for me .
circle them like a vulture taunt start slow and teasing until you find the weaknesses and then ramp up on the intensity of those zones after that until they 're completely broken .
if i had to pick a favorite target i suppose i 'd say feet .
that 's been the most common kill spot for people i 've played with but i have no true preferance .
anywhere they absolutely ca n't stand to be touched is my true preferance .
the torment lasts until i decide to stop really .
even if it goes a little non-con at the end .
in my defense they all knew what they were getting into and agreed anyway .
like i said.. a little harder '' than what i usually read from people 's preferances..lol .
but i 'm also a fully self-professed sadist..sooo ... yeah .
read as waaaah adc should be able to 1v1 anyone .
i held a baby kangaroo once and i 'm not even australian .
my church still does n't know that there 's a double pokestop in their parking lot
ca n't really take anyone seriously when they keep going on about their terrible weed addiction .
as an audio engineer you should also know that 5.1 7.1 basically all multichannel audio is stereo .
headphones with 5.1 or more make no sense it 's different to a speaker setup .
that 's why virtual headphone surround works so well .
that 's also why dummy head recordings/binaural recordings are so amazing if you listen to it with headphones .
there is no way a company that big does n't have people whosd job it is to mead reddit/macrumors etc
the stuies show corelation between animal product abuse and myriad of health problems .
as long as your use is in moderation most of those problems wont be affected .
out of 730 products tested only one was found not to have any carcirogens in it .
only to watch somebody else land on it a spilt second before you ...
remind me when you get back from your honeymoon . ''
that place is sad the pokie area is full of old people who you can guarantee will be in the same spot 4 hours later .
the thing is they only have to burn one damage source before going face .
it could be hard to cede systems without planets since there is nothing for the border growth but you should be able to take frontier outpost or maybe give you a limited time to establish colonies/frontier outpost before the borders change again .
i 've played it for so long and i never noticed that they were saying my name .
im ashamed that i had to have it pointed out to me .
lol you made those rumors the talk of the town .
smash the stone upside someone 's head preferred people your boss enemies significant other ... if applicable .
i 'm not familiar with that printer 's bed setup but if it can be accommodated i would recommend going with 1/4 '' thick cast aluminum plate such as mic-6 or atp-5 instead of glass .
it will distribute heat much more evenly than glass and wo n't shatter .
thanks for the tips man l already subscribed to skenar he 's too ill .
das is nur geklapper für deren konservativen wählerflügel mehr nicht .
it 's still alright to appreciate a 17 year old at the 99.999th percentile of physical prowess .
if there was ever a single person who it 's okay to find attractive it 's her .
ever since the rise of blm any promotion of personal responsibility or right to self-defense seems to be met with a knee-jerk accusation of racism .
do n't recall but some guy called in and said something about styles having a huge following in the gay community and styles went the gay community ? ''
i accidentally replied as a comment not as a direct reply to this message .
even a decent scout good take a spy with good amby aim .
if you catch him disguised among your team you can attack him freely he 's more focused on trying to get to the medic .
you can two shot him without precision aim and move a lot faster .
if the private security companies and intelligence agencies were so smart then why did they let the dnc get hacked ?
the guy claimed to work for a company that specialized precisely in keeping e-mails confidential he might know a thing or two about this .
if his claim is true and i remember this case correctly noone hacked their e-mail servers the government had to petition the fisa court .
he might know what hes talking about he might not i have no idea .
once again i do know that we invaded iraq based on 'bad intelligence ' .
he was just being objectionable and cavalier about rights to sexual privacy .
a discord channel is very similar to an irc .
it allows users to chat with each other easily .
instead of sharing this moment with him you decided to chat about it with redditors .
it bothers me a lot that he 's cherrypicking from this event and avoids speaking clearly like a politician about what the community asks for .
two players finding each other on a stream in the first day that has blown my mind '' they did n't find each other they were are the same spot at the same time multiple times hoping they would see each other but did not .
we added a 'scan for other players ' in the galactic map to try to encourage this happening .
we wanted it to happen but the first day ?
being next to a player yet not seeing them ?
a scan for other players is an answer but to another question .
im glad you 're excited but everyone who 's following this story is not !
we want people to be aware they are in a shared universe .
we added online features and some easter eggs to create cool moments '' what 's the point if there is 0 interaction between players when meeting so low that you do n't even see each other ?
they 're exemptions/benefits/deductions with unintended consequences or that some other politician simply does n't like if if you do n't like some tax deduction instead of calling it that you call it a loophope .
how about a raspberry pi and arch linux there is no point in having a gui installed if you 're running a server wasting cycles .
masturbating takes away from your sexual relationship with your wife yet men always want to have sex ?
the business friendly answer is to rule in favor of isp and against municipal broadband .
you get to talk about small government brag about removing regulations pocket signifiant contributions from industry in the coming years ?
why would you think trump would have the right answer on anything ?
the side that was planning to evict him in the double last night ? ?
i 've being wondering it myself so i made a spreadsheet on 10 runs to compare pf and desert i was leveling up ifrit .
i ended up on the same conclusion as you .
pf is far better even without the xp bonus and even i only did 10 runs difference is noteworthy .
kremlin has been exposed paying people to troll social media
not if u had top hold and top caps 7 weeks into the season
i saw an australian guy crap his shorts in the middle of a pedestrian street in portugal once ... i still think the english are worse .
some people will abuse any power they 're given .
never trust someone to put your safety above the reputation of someone they love more than you .
alcoholics wake up extremely angry if they pass out drunk .
i belive the book says that bricking something has spectacular effects .
like a deck shoting out sparks and semi catching on fire .
i dont belive its meant to be super good unless the poor device crit glitches its defense roll .
and to add to the topic of cyberware and wireless .
anyone with good understanding of their ware anyone above mouthbreathers basicly and whos basicly useing them fx security guards and such .
since they can get that new update when they get back home and their not at risk of a runner attack .
but when a someone is off duty or taking a break and chilling .
i 'd say they 'd probly have them wireless just to check weather theres anything new and to make sure the condition of it is up to standard n shit
great song and i know i 've seen that video a thousand times but totally never put two and two together with the floating heads bit not sure how your own mind connected them but ... .
and yeah five year old me would probably have run screaming .
i understand that you do n't have to agree to not discriminate .
i would n't be a sex worker but i 'm not gon na bad mouth them .
but the difference here is that sex work is an occupation whereas being lgbt is n't a choice .
i may be digressing but what i 'm trying to get at this i do n't understand how you can say you accept someone who ca n't change who they are but then also say that you do n't agree with them .
let 's use my latino example again this time deriving some language from one of your comments .
i do n't agree with latino people but they still deserve to be treated like human beings . ''
if you ask me the logic still does n't add up .
you ca n't use that line of reasoning against people who can not change who they are because is still shows a degree of non-acceptance .
it is true the bible does say that sin is sin but at the same time it lends itself to the problem of moral absolutism .
if you solely viewed right or wrong in a strict dichotomy then of course i ca n't change your position because you firmly believe in what wrong is .
at the same time however not everything in the bible applies to today either .
plethora of old testament law does not apply today 's society because people do not live in old testament times anymore .
as a nearly exclusive goblins player warping wail is marginal in the main and terrible in the board .
it does n't hit enough relevant things i want to hit in the storm match-up and i really really do n't need it against terminus .
the last piece and the most useful is what it does to a deathrite shaman and i 'd rather have a tarfire in pretty much all situations that involve a deathrite shaman as i can get it off of goblin matron and hit it with goblin ringleader .
i actually lose to gurmag angler tarmogoyf and wren 's run packmaster more than i lose to deathrite shaman being in the way .
that 's why older lists of goblins ran swords to plowshares as the format was super fair back then .
the resurgence is being caused by a good match-ups against miracles eldrazi and ur delver all of which are pretty popular at large events .
we really had some kind of love-hate relationship going on .
it sounded really nasty and destructive and i had no idea how to use it in a song anyways i had a lot of fun just messing around with it .
his ability to stay in character in that sitcom parody .
bring a purple-red-orange horn so everyone can dogpile on the head .
and is very well known for only doing things his way .
i was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder at 38 after years of insanity and over the top throw any medications at me '' ways of diagnosis .
i missed every single step of erikson 's stages of development .
i am not sure op is trying to be funny or being serious .
to me this list feel more like someone just maybe play the first 2 tier of skill panel of the job or maybe even none .
at least unlock all the advance job before making a tier list that 's my 2 cents .
well taking out everything you said the only thing left really would be space ... .
sooo no different than it is now considering space is fucking huge .
you still heard the crowd loud and clear unless you are suggesting watch unit without commentary .
but seriously even watching it from home i could feel the hype in the crowd and it made the game that much better !
is that a usb butthole or is there lego poop ?
well if it 's disinformation it 's not intentional .
please show me a specific document wikileaks has provided which showed us information that was not previously available and then show me the resulting actions of said leak .
i 'm asking you with an open mind to show me why i should trust wikileaks .
i 'm no fan i 'm just open to the possibility there 's more than one monster in the closet .
shes going through the comments and making fun of posts too .
there is a lot going on around front royal for someone interested in outdoor activities .
i have read some things on here offering negative comparison to co which is without question an awesome place .
i moved to va from northern california so i can comment on the shift from west to east .
i do n't see the one as inferior to the other so much as the two as fundamentally different in many ways .
if you are a person who looks for what is great about where you live you will find a lot to be happy about around front royal .
the peaks are high and the views are staggering .
but they are comfortable and they create a feeling of cuddled seclusion .
i love the hiking here as much as out there but it is really different .
and there is plenty of open space if you want it .
if you go on the at while the thru hikers are passing you will feel crowded but look 20 miles to the west and you will see a lot of green space .
va is not quite as far north as i would like but you will notice that a little elevation really reduces the inconvenient summer heat and invites some snow in the winter .
i turned my nose up at snowboarding here when i arrived but there are some small ski hills near front royal and some larger ones across in wv that keep me going now .
the autumn and the spring though are the nicest difference .
the shenandoah river goes right through front royal for warm water .
there are native streams or you can check the department of game and inland fisheries stocking schedule .
these are moments when a public figure or group evokes the ire of commentators who direct thousands or millions of negative messages at their subjects .
when you are on a social media site like twitter and post your comments publicly you are a public figure .
when you have thousands or millions of followers your comments are going to get around more .
if you are someone like that and you say something stupid people are going to comment negatively on it .
if you 're a big enough public figure your stupid comment will get reported on and more people are going to comment .
it might be easy for you to think you 're the target of some mass harassment that someone is directing hate at you when it 's actually just people commenting negatively on something stupid they saw or heard you post .
social media can be a viscous cycle you might be better off not posting stupid comments or quitting if you ca n't handle being a public figure .
the harassment of women in the video-gaming community known as gamergate
as in you only read things that reinforce your confirmation bias .
yes i meant could n't she have done that not medically but with respect to the employer .
and yes she probably got a lot of points for saving the embryos babies from abortion as if we needed more proof of religious folk 's insanity .
i 've caught a porygon at fort mason last week and i saw one pop up on my tracker today .
i also heard that that there is an inventory.ltx file but i dont know if that even exists..
it appeals to the vast majority of gamers world wide .
if activision really wanted to make cod an esport behemoth they easily could .
just thinking of how massive the audience is for cod in general we are missing out on so much .
hopefully as our scene grows they will see the incentive to invest more and more to launch us to knew heights .
i 'm actually optimistic about what is in store for us
i 'm extremely biased—patty is easily my favorite bench player after manu—but i 've always thought patty is one of the most underrated pgs in the game .
lil ' 6 foot patty dropped 30 on kd kyrie melo et al .
there are days when i really wish he would start for us over tony .
i live about an hour out and bought a family membership this year .
they 're also working on a bunch of renovations right now so there is some construction mess .
i actually do n't have leaf green anymore but i have some other cool stuff like big box heart gold and other stuff .
i have a ton so what systems are you mainly interested in ?
when she comes back just replace all her lights and say they all went out and as per her expectations you had them done .
not necessarily on the third one from what i heard it 's actually a manga and amethyst was reading the exact same thing at the start of crack the whip .
the whole point of the invasion is for both sides to work together .
you get douches on both sides getting hk 's .
because they cant do actual pvp without losing and are targetting low health people during these so they can feel better about themselves .
the refs in the olympic rugby 7s have got no idea when it comes to placement in that south africa vs australia knock out game there was 3 or 4 times where the ref was in the way of a defender
listen guy pal ... i do n't know ... '' she giggles a little resting her head against johnny 's chest .
there ai n't no way in the pits of tartarus that i 'm giving up the chance to fuck him .
lol did you company give you free games to test it out on ?
ah you 're right i see those around as well .
i guess i 'm just blinded by my hate for those sweaty claustrophobic things but drummers sure seem to like them .
hit aurora anywhere north of the zoo or pac highway closer to des moines than the airport .
the later is younger while up north is easier .
if you like black and obvious death you can hit pioneer square .
to be honest you do n't need reddit if you have an internet connection .
you can get get trafficked girls who are n't crack whores yet .
moral of the story is that girls are forced to jave sex right under your nose but hooray bellevue .
its like a normal muscle except that flexing requires me to individually energize hundreds of fibers
this reminds me of the wood elf monk i made that that healed '' through massage and yoga '' .
he was incredibly annoying to the whole party but because i dipped into cleric the massaging actually healed them .
i 'm not good with rates give me an amount and we can work from there .
and if it was you or someone you know bought it ?
i do n't want it unless it comes down to that or c section .
however part of that is because i do n't want an epidural not an anti meds thing i just have a higher tolerance for/resistance to those drugs numbness freaks me out more than pain i hate not being able to move around i 've read it can increase temperature and me feeling overheated means anxiety and vomit if i could give birth in an igloo ohmygoodness yes and recently found out about the post epidural headache .
literally the only thing in the yes column for epidural for me is countering induction intensity and even then ...
i have 4 codes such a shame im on ps4 and i can give them but you asked for pc specifically
although i have n't been a good hatter lately .
i 'd kill anyone who lays a hand on my dog .
unless that 's a friendly hand then you 're dead .
your skin it 's so smooth omg do you use any creams or anything ?
the guys that work for aaa are pretty upstanding dudes .
aaa does n't allow their contractors to do repos or parking enforcement last i remember .
here 's a towie horror story for you there was one non-aaa towing company that was really good back when i lived in amarillo 60 tow anywhere in the city you needed it to go .
if they could load it on their truck they 'd haul it for you .
unfortunately the family that owned it sold the company to some batshit crazy woman and they started becoming the same shitbag towies we all loathe .
that lady was so crazy that she would n't allow an insurance adjuster into her lot to inspect my dad 's truck after he struck a cow .
she also would n't allow my dad to enter the lot to get his tools out of the vehicle and insisted that it was gon na go to copart salvage auction '' the incident was so bizarre and she was so out of her gourd she lost her contract with state farm my dad 's insurance company and the amarillo police department .
that 's the spirit is my favorite bmth while i hate sempiternal
also atlas and ire are my favorite pwd albums .
conan said that on his show nearly a month ago then fallon said it the next night .
it just poofed '' and they threw it away ...
and there seems to be no middle ground between our viewpoints .
i have evidence backed by multiple editions all agreeing with each other you have opinion based on wishful thinking .
the hierarchy among the gods exist just miyazki is trying to make them interchangeable with lords .
with gwyn having the power of the first flame he was an incredibly powerful being but once the first flame dies he 'll probably lose his powers .
thats probably why velka created the occult she saw an opening to kill them .
why gwynerve wanted the chosen undead to link the flame she can keep their divinity .
it 's never discussed what happens when the first flame fades .
if you really want a single omnitat then you want it .
but they are n't that great and have come around three or four events now .
last time they were cheaper than they are now .
there really are much better uses of a wish .
which would help unlock more levels in all houses for you .
see there are good sweet people out there who respect us and treat us right .
you can do this life will get better stick around and enjoy all the good things in life you wo n't regret it !
there has always been destructive creative forces throughout economic history .
it 's speeding up these days and we should n't slow them down because someone thinks they are entitled to a job in the same field for all of their lives .
let alone force me to buy their inferior good at a more expensive price .
i could be wrong but i believe when he signed with toronto he was the highest paid italian player in the world .
there 's since been a signing in china that has him beat but he 's still up there .
with the motorist providing space yes you could say that was the motorists fault .
its the motorists fault every time they get into the wrong space the point is that they do it more when bikers have helmets .
well im glad you agree on the law part it is fun stuff to talk about in general or on a community level but that law part makes it unfun for me sometimes cause it affects my ability to act freely when that freedom isnt coercing anyone else .
part of the reason i live in asia is my hate for regulation like that .
i ride on the back of scooters mototaxis almost everyday with no helmet probably not the smartest decision but my decision and i love it .
good toplane champs right now that can be flexed into other roles ?
if you were hoping to get anything new you wo n't .
engrams are good for cryptarch rank but we 're still a month away .
i 'm fairly sure that real dragons have much tougher skin that dragonborn do .
i 'm always impressed by the vocal precision in this track https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=v9zgarlx7ti
non grounded gfci will not trip if tested with a plug tester .
do testers just provide a short to ground scenario as to force the gfci to trip ?
if so why is it suggested to throw in a gfci at the first stop on a circuit ?
you 're right i chose limited vocabulary as a shorthand for word and sentence length which are the two measures for determining readability level .
for reference trump speeches average about 4-5th grade level whereas sanders was around 10-11th .
and maybe theres a scattering of decent scottish or northern irish players who could help i dunno
and thats basically why no one apart from a few english people support the idea .
i 'm 3/4 of my way to level 10 with 6.4k in donations .
i 'm rocking mostly 9 10/7 8/4/1.. is n't that normal ?
nails exactly what is making this so fun for me as well .
i absolutely adore this one by miroslav holub which was part of london underground 's poetry on the tube '' finding beauty and poetry in science .
you can punch above your weight class with a higher iv and it will matter quite a bit when 1 v 1 goes live .
ivs are included in cp so there is no punching above your weight .
a 1500cp 50 iv pokmeon is exactly as strong as a 1500cp 100 iv pokemon of the same type/moveset .
the only advantage the 100 iv one has is it gains slightly more cp per powerup and since you have a fixed number of powerups it will have a 7 higher cp at the max level than the 50 iv one .
but at the same cp they are the same strength .
i 'm apparently not even bi anymore because i married a man .
not sure why i 'm still attracted to women though maybe it did n't work right on me .
and i 'm just saying that i do n't necessarily agree with the quote .
i do n't believe that a single incident of cheating or for that matter many other bad things necessarily defines someone 's character .
in this case since it was repeated apparently it did illustrate the true character fhough .
i will try to keep it short but this match up is a very interesting lane misunderstood by many players thinking that it 's one-sided only to be in gnar 's favor which is not true .
darius has what it requires to be gnar 's nightmare .
early on a mistake by gnar is a dead gnar .
gnar will not stand a chance against darius if the distance between them is close enough for darius to do his combo so the keys of winning this match up are as follows
2 cancelling gnar 's hop e ability by darius ' apprehend e abilitiy
the second key is not that reliable so let 's talk about the first one .
the idea of achieving enough movement speed is to not allow gnar to freely kite and torture helpless darius as well as allow darius to keep the distance short enough for him to tear gnar in pieces .
there are 4 elements that would fit the requirement here which are ghost summoner spell dariuses in diamond do that a lot against me and it 's more scary than you could imagine that 's why i mentioned it first ms runes rushing swiftness boots if gnar did not respond with an early rushed boots too then darius probably won the lane and lastly items deadman 's plate which is really effective in this lane bc rushing phage etc .
finally a tip for darius is to put in more focus and concentration once gnar finishes his first item which will most probably be either frozen mallet or black cleaver because that 's when gnar will happily kite any mispositioned darius which is why people think that gnar has the major advantage in this lane .
good luck and i will make sure that i will let you guys know when we start discussing the darius match up so you could take part there as well .
it has nothing to do with nerfing it it is making it fair across the board .
it goes along the same lines as the original cc defense .
why ca n't they just use the same icons as aosp ... looks a million times cleaner .
12 more days before i 'm on the playa building stuff !
i was going to say flash bang as a joke to pretend to be clueless ... then i realized ...
g1ers have got to realize that this is n't supposed to be a live action g1 reboot but an entirely new franchise i do agrre there should be homages to g1 such as colour and key parts of the body that are iconic to that character throughout other series and comics but this is the film industry they have to try to appeal to as wide an audience as possible and the creators probably want to create their own concepts and characters for their own film .
i think this franchise is in the same situation as superhero movies superheroes used to be just for children then adult fan 's were saw as manchildren .
but now that these new blockbuster action movies based on these characters have come out they give the franchise a much wider audience and possibly even get them into more than just the movies .
this is true in my case as i grew up with the first few movies and had the toys for them then over time got deeper and deeper into the lore and the franchise 's different shows and characters .
jokes puns and off-topic comments are not permitted in any comment parent or child .
parent comments that are n't from the target group will be removed along with their child replies .
posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour and posts that are not appropriate for the serious tag will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
we 're probably going to see them in the next gen as well as possibly the dp remakes .
it 's easy flavorful and makes for great leftovers .
combine chicken stock with sweet potato pearl onion butternut squash acorn squash yukon potato and fresh thyme basil and oregano .
cook on low for six to eight hours and thicken with just a tiny bit of cornstarch and butter at the end .
we have concluded that this gov marijuana full of sticks and seeds is not as effective as pills ''
i would say trade forment for leginus the mechanical city and maybe trade the knights for small assistant mariabella or remote control beast .
i am a bot i link the subreddits mentioned in the title for easy navigation
i remember i like to read it every now and then .
he was tackled by some guy and then he went unconscious .
after that he lived like 10 years had two kids got married then he stared at a lamp that looked weird .
he said at the start he only stopped looking at it to eat drink or got o the toilet but eventually he did n't even do that .
his wife was really worried but then the guy came the revelation that it was n't real and the dream crumbled around him .
he then woke up later and only like 30 seconds had passed .
how to do even understand this stupid 'sport ' ! ! ! ''
the algebraist ca n't be set in the same universe the culture and the mercatoria would have to occupy the same area of space at the same time since earth is mentioned in both
i guess i would n't wear them around school at all tbh
i am quite calm actually but keep poking if you like .
this does n't help op so i 'm not going to answer you anymore .
anyone got any insight of the deal more specifically the buy back clause ?
i could say a bunch of filthy aggressive things but let 's just leave it at got damn for now
there 's a claim may be in the 9/11 commission that at the time of 9/11 the only people in the cia who could speak arabic were the cleaning staff .
with that said though people have this idea that organisations like the fbi gchq etc .
should be protecting us at all times but it 's impossible .
it 's actually incredible how safe we are in 2016 when so many people have such easy access to information travel and huge numbers of vulnerable targets .
so either sets become easier to obtain or harder to obtain .
if it 's the former expect all those who spent a lot of money to demand refunds .
if it 's the latter expect all the players who ca n't afford to spend money on the game belly up and quit as the gap between them and p2w becomes even bigger .
either way nexon is at an impasse catch 101 .
less people because you know social anxiety and whatnot .
mostly i post stuff to instagram these days but thats because i do n't really have anyway of properly processing stuff while i 'm on the road .
if you 're still near the starter systems we have a decent nav beacon for starter bounty hunters as well as some great hazardous resource extraction sites when you get to grips with it .
i never heard called the mexican wave until i moved to the uk from the us
when i was kid i was into martial arts and fighting and took classes but then i grew up and just forgot about it .
later on i started thinking about self-defense and started compiling a list of techniques which led me to bjj and bjj of course has strong ties to the world of mma .
and i came to reddit and just hung around for a bit .
worth noting you really should n't get involved with esea until you 're dmg or le at least .
it 's very high level compared to mm with its lower ranks being beyond half way up mm 's level and its higher ranks expanding out far beyond mm .
cannabis oil can be absorbed through the skin as well .
people use it in a mixture with skin lotion for pain relief and to even treat skin cancer .
with the good will system if you get reported by a majority of people in one game your good will gets reset .
if you get reported by a majority again you get a small ban .
if it happens again you get a bigger ban etc etc.. until you are perma banned .
it is a bad system and is able to be abused .
i solo queue at all times because my friends/clan fell apart after season 2 and they all left to different games .
i also have been playing for years so i guess i have a short fuse with trolls and shit .
when i get put into teams with premades i usually just mute all of them because they like to talk shit to the one person who is n't their friend .
sometimes i do n't and end up getting into it with at least one of them .
which then ends up in me getting reported by them and the other team when the 4 people on my team flood chat with report me .
i was already having a shitty day so it got heated .
then i changed game modes and tried to shake it off .
while picking gods i was kicked and banned for 30 days for match griefing .
i had n't been suspended in over a year but i guess the previous infractions never wear off .
now i 'm waiting for my shit to get unbanned so i can enjoy the game again .
but it sucks that groups of people who do n't like you can actually have a negative effect on your account .
which is also bad because trolls travel in packs .
anyone the family research council hates is one of us .
they are forced to work for free for 3 years if they want to make money doing this .
apprenticeship programs pay their people and allow an employee to work full time when ready not based on some arbitrary system meant to keep their price of labor artificially low .
arent many of those pics baobab trees which also grow in other regions ?
it seems u have n't watched the show up until the recent episodes .
i 'm not suggesting we repeal a tariff or something .
marijuana legalization is clear-cut and a pretty unequivocal good idea .
merlot mcallister firsts for 158 sizes look a little picked through but if you can find your size this is an amazing deal .
i think they 're to be added to some mission later on down the road in after the event ?
but he is a known shark he add people who unbox rar skins and m9 emerald souvenier dlore and so on and pay then alot less then its worth to sell it very high .
of course the people he add are not even traders and dont know prices he use his fame '' to shark people wow so good your hero
i think the 470 is worth it given the cost it is just a bit below the gtx 970 .
the 460 is quite a bit worse i would n't recommend it if you 're targeting gtx 970 levels of performance .
it 's hard to make something that makes you want to explore the place .
what 's the point of exploration if you know that you 'll not find anything interesting ?
my understanding of gender and gender expression is that it 's just a social construct .
that 'girly ' and 'boyish ' clothes do n't really exist .
when my friend came out to me as a trans man i did n't understand why he feels the need to dress in the traditional male clothing .
i wanted to ask him that but he 's going through a tough time right now and i do n't want to come off as unsupportive
why would you need a reason to be funny on anyones back ?
you ca n't have fun because i think you do n't deserve it '' makes you look salty not the one bantering
besides i 'm happy to have more people see how much of a badass bridgette is
just in time for the mata rumors to back fill the clicks ! ! ! !
i was a little one at that weight too .
good luck to both of you ... and her !
hence citra '' being used as the name of emulator software for it ?
unfortunately loser donal 's supporters will believe anything he tells them .
they have n't won a nationwide poll in two weeks .
the only thing that keeps them warm at night is the latest lie out of donald trump 's mouth .
the only thing i wish it had was to move multiple items between characters in one fell swoop .
if this is possible now forgive me i 'm an idiot .
so if you 've sold some of your stones but still have at least 1 or can buy at least 1 then until it gets patched you could use this glitch to get back to 10 .
if you do n't mind the cheat since the game never told you save the damn things.. http www.theverge.com/2016/8/11/12437158/no-mans-sky-resource-exploit
if you are in the uk we have the open university .
i went to uni but i have used the ou to get other qualifications .
i 'm pretty sure you can use it if you arent a uk resident as well .
here is the link for their access program http www.open.ac.uk/courses/do-it/access ? ns_clid=google,270042142,17523770182 sitelink 201 20access 20programme mkwid=ga187-857-7519 kwid=43700006463290161 keywordid=ggluk sitelink 201 20access 20programme kwcampaign=bau_uk_-_site-links gclid=cpeitaetuc4cfcsy0wodresl_w
there is a lot of lego games that you can get for 20 or less on steam .
just keep in mind there is no online co-op and you may have to buy a xbox controller if you have n't already to play with a person next to you .
i reckon when he comes back he can play the false 9 role with marriott and hylton and we 'll be a hard team to stop .
you can tell he 's below his level here .
i work for a custodial company that cleans churches and daycares .
earlier tonight i started smelling weed in the building but did n't think anything of it .
i figured someone outside had smoked some and it just got into the vents or something .
science probably does n't work that way but that 's what i defaulted to and continued working .
later i go to a co-worker to let them know i 'm out and shoot the shit a little .
my co-worker just told me that he noticed the smell in the church and could smell it on me a little .
i explained my side of the story and told him to report it if he thinks somethings fishy .
the church has cameras and if someone was smoking in the building they would have caught it .
i recently got asked by a friend to hang out tomorrow night .
a friend who smokes regularly and would smoke when if we hang out .
is a contact high possible and will sitting in a room while they smoke cause it to show up if i get asked to do a drug test .
i 've recently moved and discovered some of my old paintball gear .
i 'll be posting here and updating with the gear i have found .
exalt arm pads l/xl padding is in good condition with the exalt writing wearing on one arm
empire contact zero size l in reaaly good condition worn about 3 times 30 shipped plus pp fees obo
i 'm really struggeling to get past stage 48 beating it would yield my first champion kira .
if any of you have any advice i 've heard you have to kill the backline with the first skill rota just not sure my heroes dont seem to do enough damage .
maybe you can help me pick the champs that are most usefull for this fight that would be a big help already here 's a list of all legendaries i have at the moment .
groot pioneer emily yuko aleria plague bringer for this fight with gear focus on emily and aleria any suggestions ?
i would have paid a few extra bucks for the sleeve to not look like it 's got a piece of tape on it .
29yo brit ex-pat here looking for someone who enjoys watching guys get off on skype .
i 'm redhead avg built bearded uncut easy going guy looking to lay back and have some fun for someone .
no nudity or even cam required on your part if you 're not into that .
hey guys i bought this game within a few weeks of release last year and had to stop playing it before the first dlc came out .
i 've come back from my hiatus and have n't found even a single 40 player game mode with more than a handful of people in it .
i do n't have any of the dlcs are the players split along this line or has the game 's population declined this much ?
when he was a year and a half we lived in a smaller house built a year before i was born 1976 .
at his bedtime we would warm up some milk for him to drink in his sippy cup .
as he was always tall for his age he was very proud to bring his cup to the kitchen and push it into the sink when he was finished .
then suddenly one day he refused to go into the kitchen to drop off his cup .
as he did not yet talk he came to me and tugged at my leg for me to follow him .
i also needed to turn on the light before he would follow me in .
in fact this became the new normal for several months .
we really did n't think too much of it as he was very young .
years passed his siblings were born and we had moved into a new house and all of that was just a mostly unimportant memory .
then during a meal when my son was about 4 and a half out of the blue he asked his mother and i if we remember that time there was a guy in the kitchen at the old house who wanted to take him away '' .
my wife and i looked at each other confused .
my son then said that a guy took the back of his shirt and tried to pull him back when he was putting his milk in the sink and wanted to take him away .
i made the connection instantly to his sudden fear of being alone in the kitchen .
i asked what the man '' looked like but my son did not know because it was too dark he said .
besides he was a year old and i was surprised he remembered even as much as he did .
since then we 've never had any other experience though in my college days i did live in a haunted farm house but that 's another longer story for another thread .
but i do wonder was this just a figment of my son 's 1 year old imagination or something different entirely .
it must have been significant enough for him as retaining memory as a 1 year old is rare .
so today is a special day for me today i 'm going to expose myself because ik some people want me to get a lot of hate from all of this and i do n't blame them i deserve all of this .
to get things straight i 'm not doing this to get something out of it i 'm doing this because i want to end it and get all this off my chest .
all this happened during the summer it was n't the most happy and was n't the most nice one either .
unfortunately i did something that is unforgettable and very serious .
i 'll admit it i did it because i 'm an attention seeker and i faked my disappearance to some people i once called friends '' even tho i met through the internet they were still considered my friends .
anyways i did it because i needed attention even tho i got a shit ton from them at the beginning and they helped me through my rough times and also saved me from an attempt of suicide at one time and i 'm thankful for all of it .
but i was n't a good friend and i lied to them something you dont want to do to a friend because you are hurting them and yourself .
they cared a lot for me and i did n't really realized until it was too late .
what i did to them its something that is unforgivable and i understand why they fucking hate me till this day with my bad life decisions i still managed to do it idk why but i did even tho i was n't thinking straight at the time i still did it and its something im not going to do again .
i will mention too that i was under the influence of alcohol and drugs and was dealing with depression because of a girl who hurt me bad a while ago but i ca n't blame the drugs or alcohol i only have myself to fucking blame no one else .
also i 'm a teenager and most of us do stupid shit because we sometimes do not think before the consequences but that is besides the point .
i 'll admit i 'm not the brightest person neither the smartest ik for some people i 'm a bad person and make bad decisions in life but now that i look back at it i remember why i did it its because i never got that much attention from anyone not from friends neither from family i was always on my own in the past when i was younger and i never had anyone in my life who cared and loved me before so this was all new to me .
but its still not an excuse for what i did and i understand now i learned my lesson and im going to remember this till the day of my last breath .
so i 'm willing to receive all the fucking hate from enyone .
for the most part i 'm going to accept it idc if any of you believe or not at least i grew the balls to tell everyone about myself something most people do n't do .
well that sums about half of what happened this summer .
i 'm just a 17 y/o guy who is an immigrant from mexico and does n't have that much of a life to live so this is is going to be left alone and wo n't be brought back up again around here.this is just for me so i can get this off my chest and to forget all this and put it behind me .
this is no hate towards them either because they never did anything wrong and i know what most of you are thinking oh your friends should be more open minded '' that is not the case here they gave me a lot of chances and therefore i blew all the chances i got from them and nothing is going to change that i cant go back and change the past i just need to accept my mistakes and move on .
thank you to whoever got to the end of this .
i 'm only in gold but he seems totally broken .
he has one of the highest win rates of any jungler and he 's been in that spot for a long time basically ever since his rework .
he has healthy jungle clear and it 's pretty fast .
he 's basically resourceless since his spires refill his mana so fast .
he is a great duelist on his spires making him a good counter-jungler and hard to invade .
late game he turns into a beastly tank who is really hard to take down packs a good amount of cc and can make picks with ult .
so it seems like skarner has all the tools you want in a jungler .
he 's got fast healthy clear he can stay on the map forever because he 's essentially manaless he 's good at invading and hard to invade himself his ganks are savage with ult and he does n't fall off late game becoming a beefy tank who is really good at making picks .
there was a short period when skarner was totally broken in the jungle then his nerfs brought him down to a more average win rate but ever since the new triforce was released he 's been performing really well .
you look at me and your mother and think we have the perfect marriage from inside and out .
we have no problems at home and we show how deeply we love each other when we were out and about .
we show love to you too and have made sure you 're always happy .
me and her started our relationship with what i thought would be a one night stand .
we woke up together and she rolled on top of me giggling before asking me to breakfast .
simple as that i had my girl for life .
it started with me spanking her one night and she ended up liking it .
soon i pushed her and it grew from that into collars some rope play and her letting me go as rough as i wanted .
while i essentially owned her in private she was still her own woman outside and she loved every minute of it .
outside we were still the perfect college couple and noone knew about our interior escapades .
after college she wanted to leave our home state as she had a job lined up and it made good money .
of course i went with her i could find a job easy but finding a perfect girl was n't .
but at home she always remembered i was the boss .
our relationship continued better than ever and soon she was pregnant .
but me and your moms rougher sexual relationship all but vanished .
we still had sex often but i yearned for the days where she served me .
you were coming up on 19 and i got the idea of bringing my wife back in reminding her of the side of her i brought out all those years ago .
and while i was at it i 'd try and wrangle in you too you do take after us after all .
if you 've read this far include your name in the subject .
i prefer long term and more than two sentence responses .
i received a letter saying my router was out of date and i would start being charged a monthly fee for it .
the problem is i do n't use a verizon router .
i 've been straight ethernet since early last year .
when my third actiontec died i managed to convince a tech to switch me over .
i have all my own gear and switched over to tivo so there is nothing from verizon save for the cable cards past the ont .
this should have been an easy problem to solve but it ended up being a 30 minute phone call to india that later ended up involving a tech guy from the us who was helpful but still thought i had a verizon router .
my account is still listing a mac address that has n't been in use since last year .
this should have been a one minute phone call .
i noticed that in season 2 episode 5 titled halloween .
he originally picks creed but creed talks michael into firing devon .
before storming out of the office in a fit of anger he yells out that the following people should join him for a beer kevin jim pam kelly .
he then says everyone else cna go to hell .
i think this is the first time i see hatred aimed towards angela .
the first americans did n't arrive by the bering land bridge study says https reddit.com//r/history/comments/4xbr4b
so there is a guy in the group of guys i game with that recently claimed he was perma banned for renown farming idling matches .
i 've always had a suspicion that he 's used hacks for years .
i just find it odd that he 's always amazeballs at every fps we 've ever played.. even on new titles on day one .
have n't found a single instance of someone being banned for this on google..
so are you with me with thinking this is a complete bullshit story ?
in 2015 an isis leader admits that they are being funded by the obama administration .
https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ym2emunkde8 what are your thoughts on this ?
so after spending over a month in america where i first downloaded pokémon go i 'm heading back to england next week .
however i 've heard of accounts being reported for 'spoofing ' even when it comes to moving across the same country .
so my question is whether or not i 'll be reported for this and if so what will happen to my account ?
does it always happen and is there a way to make sure it does n't ?
i 've worked myself into making working-out a habit to the point that i can mindlessly go to the gym does n't even require me to premeditate it or put any effort into fighting some sort of laziness '' about doing so .
i 'm at the point where i look forward to it and enjoy it .
i sure as hell have studied a lot at times even if not very consistent but it 's always been and has always felt like a struggle .
even once im already in the study-mood coming back from a break becomes a struggle continuing on studying without distracting myself feels like a struggle .
is there a point where the habit just forms and i 'll do it without feeling lazy about it ?
i 'll be on all night tonight and this entire weekend to climb .
join the discord must be 16 and have mic .
i am contemplating web design as a career due to it being so flexible and many people needing web designers .
could you guys point me in the direction of where i could go to self-educate ?
where is the best online place to learn web-design ?
i am good with math however and it comes fairly natural .
not sure if coding and math go hand in hand but if they do that 's on my side !
i would be looking for a linear program that will teach me all i need to know and more .
the cheaper the better free is best but obviously elusive ...
if there is any advice you 'd give to a newbie i would gladly like to hear it as well !
my wife and i are saving 30,000 a year and will be saving more incrementally each year for the next 4 years .
pessimistically the total will be 160,000 by 2020 with current projections being that dividends leading up to the end of 2020 will make it 184 to 190,000 .
but each year until then we will be investing the money into those etf 's .
i 'm looking into vwob vig vym vt and div .
we want to be able to use the dividends as money for the country we will be moving to as the budget for living there is incredibly low .
i 've been using dividend calculators until i 'm blue in the face but does this seem like a sound choice ?
hi everyone with the finals around the corner we 're happy to announce a suitably large giveaway ... attendees of any viewing event listed on our site https www.barcraft.com will be able to enter for a chance to win prizes from a 16,000 prize pool .
there are more than 230 venues around the world waiting for you !
totally unrelated if you happen to be in seattle this might interest you http www.barcraft.com/wizardparty .
u/its_epi i do n't want to hate on the way the ranked system is but when i lose 289 pts from a ranked match when it 's 3v5 because of the shit show servers you guys provide for the final 3 rounds something is broken in your algorithms .
just wanted to share my little milestone with you .
i started my channel 2 months ago and just reached my first 100 subs .
it 's been a steep learning curve but i 'm enjoying the heck out of it so far .
this subreddit as well as a couple of others have been a great help when it comes to learning and also getting my videos out there .
i think i 'm starting to get an idea of what works well for my channel 20 of my subs came in the past 3 days so hopefully i can capitalize on that .
trade the cyndaquil has a ha as well as crush claw and extrasensory .
the swirlix has a ha as well as belly drum .
you had heard about it from a friend but despite her description you could n't imagine it being real .
a tub full of cum enough to bathe in have covering every crevice soaking your tits and filling the crack of your ass showers that shoot out cum so you can wash your hair in it and feel it rush down your body a room where a circle of men will jerk off onto you you can help them out if you prefer .
when you walk in you 're met by a receptionist .
she takes your information and asks which option you want .
it 's 50 just to soak in the tub but for an extra 100 you get some extra services .
some girls like a pre-bath '' from a real cock before they get in .
others so turned on by the experience like someone to help shower them off and fuck them afterward .
you read about it on the back of the local independent newspaper .
next to the ads for escorts and strip clubs was something intriguing .
2 the glory tower the glory tower '' it says unlike any glory hole you 've ever seen .
do you want to be fucked by men in all your holes while being cum on by even more men jerking off from above .
come to the glory tower the worlds first multi-story glory hole where men fuck you while others jerk off on you from before . ''
if you 're interested stop by the address is on the advertisement .
i 'd been feeling discomfort in my groin for weeks .
i was n't sure why but finally went to check a doctor .
well '' he said we ran some tests and figured out the problem .
you 've suddenly started producing significantly more cum than usual .
the only treatment as of now is to drain your balls as often as possible .
you could probably shoot 10 or 11 loads and still have plenty left .
you could drench a girl from head to toe have her hair sticky and matted and still keep going . ''
when i come home that day i give you the news .
well if the doctor insists '' you say as you unzip my pants and take my cock in your hand .
been having a lot of fun with this deck its been pretty consistent vs warrior .
let me know what you guys have been running and let me know if you have any ideas .
i currently like the taurens as i do n't really know what to run in the 4 drop spot and helps hunter stay in the game until i can get savannah highmane down .
also tracking is amazing in this deck keep as many secrets as you can+cloaked huntress and use tracking to search for the piece you did n't draw .
a lot of the time i can get 2 secrets in mulligan then find huntress with tracking .
i seem to have found a particularly annoying bug where if i boot my computer with my blue snowball mic plugged in i will have no sound until i reboot my machine with out the mic plugged in .
if i plug the mic in after booting everything works fine .
i seams that alsa is trying to use the mic as the default output device even though it should be my motherboards on board sound card .
the most annoying part of this bug is that i ca n't seem to find a way to change the output device to the on board sound card with alsamixer after i have made the mistake of booting with it plugged in hence why i need to reboot .
anyone know how to stop alsa form using my mic as output or at least change the sound card being used after boot .
if i were to connect an xbox one to the set-top box in another room would i be able to watch live tv from the console without interfering with the tv watching in the other room ?
if you 're a funhaus fan like i am i hope you enjoy this video .
i worked on it for about two weeks and i like how it turned out !
i am looking for offers and the usual jazz but i 'm specifically looking for a copy of rocket league .
if you have one post below and we can definitely work something out .
if not and you still see something you want do n't be afraid to leave a reply !
the incredible adventures of van helsing final cut http store.steampowered.com/app/400170
i ca n't believe go iv has been taken out of the play store the app does n't even have access to your account !
why are they so against people checking out the ivs of their pokemon ?
but since it 's been yanked does anyone know where to find the apk file ?
call me a wii u scrub if you want but i just want to know if a pro controller works with this
i killed 5 devastating creatures of zaros all named nex .
how are they specifically compared to the founder 's edition ?
over here in canada cheap blower models are over 75 cheaper than the founder 's .
should i expect similar temps noise or is it worth forking over more money for the founder 's ?
i have an ncase m1 so as you can probably figure out i need a blower card but at the same time i wo n't be seeing it so the aesthetics do n't really bother me although it is quite ugly .
supposed to be posted at 2am last night but i forgot ...
mother-dick '' sandor said while eyeing the locke port through his lensed scope .
ahead of him was one of the few true castles in the north a vassal of the mad erena manderly and a port with no ships in it .
they 're trying to outrun us '' sandor said to his men .
no matter '' his gaze moved from the port to a large hill along the coast it was here just far enough away from the castle that bracken and the vanguard of cavalry were waiting .
have a smoke signal lit '' he commanded to one of his men who then proceeded to throw green leaves and fronds onto the brazier on deck .
he kept his gaze on the hill until his signal was returned with a small column of smoke .
well they know we 're here '' sandor said no sense in waiting around .
time to do the king and lord stark 's work . ''
he climbed up the sail a bit and called to his fleet .
sandor said do not converge on the fort unless you see smoke from my ship '' he called .
raise a targaryen flag '' he said we come on a royal mission ''
the sister cynthea sailed by itself into the harbor of oldcastle .
meanwhile the army atop the hill and the fleet surrounding the waters waited with bated breath to see what house locke would do .
lord locke '' sandor called when his ship landed at the dock .
you have guests on a royal mission '' he shouted to no one in particular king 's decree and all that ''
to preface this in case it 's relevant i live in the boston area .
i have very little backpacking experience since i was a child but i would like to start doing it .
i do have a fair amount of hiking and camping experience as well as what i hope is enough common sense to backpack successfully .
i also am lucky enough to have the funds to buy a good amount of backpacking specific gear .
what i do n't have are people to go backpacking with .
my girlfriend considers car camping with flush toilets and showers to be roughing it '' so backpacking does n't really appeal to her .
i 've thought about solo backpacking but i worry about the boredom and solitude particularly once it gets dark .
plus i should probably get a few trips under my belt just to make sure i know what i 'm doing before i go out alone .
i 've found a couple meetup groups for hiking and maybe there could be a backpacking trip here or there but i have n't really seen any on their schedules .
does anyone know of a good resource to find groups that go backpacking that are open to people going with them ?
alternatively are there trails where you can solo backpack but that have well populated shelters where there 's a communal vibe going on in the evening ?
how do i find out about that kind of thing ?
basically any advice about finding a local community for backpacking would be appreciated !
or post psn and i 'll shoot you an invite
we have a nice fresh server with an active friendly population looking to add some more blood into the mix .
it 's lightly boosted lightly modded and currently a friendly helpful populace .
we 're growing in population and looking to fill our shores !
at the moment we have about a dozen players amongst several tribes and still have room for new survivors to stake claim to some land .
we have bumped experience and gathering up to 2x as well as increased taming speed 3x and breeding 5x .
a couple other minor changes we 've made is increasing egg rates and tripling crop growth .
admin commands are logged because nobody likes competing on an unlevel playing field .
we had a server where the admin was solo and somehow had a huge metal base day one .
we did n't want to subject anyone else to that experience .
server is hosted in new york and my ping from the midwest is 30-35 .
the second admin plays from ireland and we have a few survivors playing from australia with no problems either .
we have several mods to improve experience that do n't impact gameplay too much .
the first is cute hair it 's entirely cosmetic and lets you change your helmet skins .
we also have beacon lite which makes beacon drops useful again and adds a level 80 crate drop .
once we are able to edit the contents of beacons ourselves we will likely remove this mod as it wo n't be necessary .
no collision mod – this handy little gem lets you make building parts that can snug up to existing terrain to give a much more complete look to structures and close off those annoying little holes you get when constructing in certain areas .
this mod lets us make structures with identical stats to metal components with the added cost of some crystal that you can see through .
think greenhouse without the bonus to plants and you ca n't punched through the glass .
let 's you make much nicer looking bases and see what 's going on outside of them !
we 're looking to set up a home for a good chunk of players .
with that in mind we have started some feedback on our steam group and always encourage more .
rules settings mods and more are always up for discussion and feedback to the pros and cons of all of them are always encouraged .
our goal is to provide an island to survive on that can be enjoyed by any and all players in a respectful environment .
we 've done our best to keep most settings default as changes are coming constantly that have impact in all parts of gameplay and making major changes today may have unintended impact down the road .
imprinting sped up to keep in line with faster maturation
both .ini files are available for viewing on on steam group if you 're interesting in digging into the nuts and bolts of server settings
yep that time again looking for a home with the new expansion just around the corner .
i do n't have a ton of raiding experience under my belt in wow as i started in cata barely cleared firelands did heroic ds skipped mists and did n't really raid until hfc in legion .
for the most part i 've been having fun alone but this expansion i 'd actually like to be a part of a community .
now about me i 'm working full time and have no life .
i go to work come home eat then play video games .
i have a pretty funny personality after i get over my early 'i do n't want to talk and say the wrong thing ' phase and once i get past that i 'm really talkative .
now i do n't have any logs to provide but i 'm mainly looking for a tanking or healing spot for legion .
i do n't really want to dps but i can have one as an offspec if ultimately necessary .
i 'm also looking for something i could consider casually hardcore '' meaning i want to clear come the expansion and raid stuff dropping but i consider mythic out of my reach and it 's only ever a bonus if i get there .
also i really only want 2 3-4 hour days or 3 3 hour days .
but yeah classes i 'm thinking of so far are either blood dk or resto shaman/druid .
anyway on that note my btag is aulton 1661 if you 'd like to contact me with further questions .
leech seed stealth rocks and spikes are a must .
i would love seed bomb but that is not needed .
i have a couple dbha heracross with 5 iv .
i have a few other 5 iv pokemon that i can offer such as ha bulbasaur ha froakie noibat honedge turtwig scyther mareep or growlithe
i dont really have one but these ones are pretty cute lbcheek lbaviewtoakill lbcuddles
my name 's lexxxi and i 'm thin have long blonde hair green eyes a shaved pussy and a big white butt and the flexibility of a cheerleader and i 'd love nothing more than to be your ditzy dumb bimbo .
give me big fat tits and dick sucking lips mess with my mind until all i can remember is how good cock feels use me as a fuck toy and maybe share me around .
you could sell my bimbo body too if you 'd like all i want to do is be pretty get some cocks inside me and think of all the ways i could make you happy .
i want to be your perfect toy so i 'd love if you showed me what you 'd like me to look like .
it 's a lot easier to list my limits than kinks so my limits are scat gore blood and vomit .
aside from those i 'll be as dirty as you 'd like .
please send me an orange envelope i ca n't wait to serve you 3
for someone with minimal experience who is interested in becoming a game developer what would be the best language to learn ?
also what would be the best route to start making money off building a game ?
hey guys so i picked my returnee set of heavy armor before i decided to go for an asura which takes plate armor .
this http imgur.com/a/ewbge scratch got on my apple watch sport about a week ago and i tried ignoring it but i ca n't .
how can i get rid of this scratch without sending it to apple ?
it 's pretty ridiculous that roshan beat her omni definitely deserved some kind of placing .
1 pick one player or two players every pick day who you think will have at least 1 rbi .
2 if your pick s gets an rbi your streak continues .
if your pick does not get an rbi your streak ends and you can start a new one on the next pick day .
3 your goal is to break the all-time rbi streak 17 games held by ray grimes and to put together the longest rbi streak .
4 this may be a little difficult so doubling down does not hurt you and the focus will be on both the streak and who can get the most players with at least 1 rbi with their picks .
pick days will be held every monday wednesday and friday doubling down is allowed but poses the same risk as regular bts .
there will be a live leaderboard for daily stats and season stats .
contest will end on september 31 and the winners will be announced .
i will have live updates on the players so you can follow along !
i started a small auto repair shop last fall and am doing ok. keeping my head above water paying the bills and the taxes and paying an employee i just hired .
starting to look into local print advertising and i 'm not sure where i should be looking .
anybody here have any experience with the roi on the basics direct mailers flyers those coupon things i get in the mail every month etc ?
anybody have any suggestions on what i should be looking at ?
i 'm assuming the stuff like pens bottle openers etc are all worthless or is there actually value to be had there ?
and then she went on a 1 week vacation !
i work long hours from home so i can do anything within reason .
i am willing to get ripped to shreds to learn .
i am testing ph and ammonia nitrate nitrite and keeping the ph and ammonia at 7.5 and 0ppm with water changes .
i thought the betta would eat the guppies so i bought a galvanized fine mesh chicken wire fence i am fairly sure it 's safe ? !
sized so that the guppies can move freely but the betta has only the one section .
they seem to have figured it out ... for now ...
the poor plants how do i not kill everything ?
i give them a bit of plant food and spurts of co2 .
nothing is dead yet except those lillys they might be doa .
so i spent some time messing around in dark souls 3 character creator trying to make something that would resemble good old geralt as much as possible .
here 's what i managed to come up with i 'm curious about your opinion
i got my copy of journal 3 today and i just binge-read all of it .
while reading i noticed a couple things that seemed weird to me .
also not sure it it 's still spoilers probably is but i 'm spoiler tagging it anyway .
this is really minor but how did dipper know that you see your worst fear when you look into the gremloblin 's eyes ?
it never specifically states that in the journal and if dipper 's story about catching one is correct he had no way of knowing on his own .
i know it could just be a guess or exaggeration based on fiddleford 's response and it does look to be true and it 's not a huge deal .
why did ford have to ask if dipper and mabel had met bill ?
at first i thought he just had n't read the entries yet but it turns out he read them after the events of ddamd .
so why did he even ask in the last mabelcorn ?
again i 'm nitpicking but this second one actually annoyed me a little .
sorry if i 'm being annoying i just felt like pointing it out .
i literally just finished the whole book sans ciphers which i 'm decoding tomorrow .
i loved the journal despite these two minor things and i am really glad i bought it !
anyone who has n't gotten it and is still reading this for some reason i totally recommend it !
am i the only one who was confused with the possession timelime of sokka 's water tribe machete ?
there are various accounts when he loses it but in particular e35 sokka is shown to be shaving with it in ba sing se .
the next episode it is shown to be in appa 's saddle when the sandbenders search it for valuables .
they eventually drop it in the sand and continue on their way .
surely there are n't identical machetes like that in the earth kingdom .
can you think of any other instances where he loses it without getting it back ?
so i 'm going active duty from the reserves i got orders to go to korea and i am currently in-processing at fort lost in the woods .
at my last reserve unit drill my ta-50 gear i ordered about a year ago when i first came back from ait finally shows up on my last drill .
i go in the supply room to try and clear out this gear with him .
he says hey you need to take that gear soldier ! ''
i 'm going to get issued my full ta-50 when i arrive at my duty station ''
he responds with this if you do n't take the gear it 's going to be a long time before you will get gear out there in active duty ''
he also added that since our reserve unit has low funds bullshit he ca n't send the ta-50 gear back to cif so it will stay on my clothing record until he can ship the gear off to cif .
he further said that this means once i get to korea the cif there will not issue me any ta-50 .
so i took the gear from him and have it with me with two other duffle bags .
i 'm thinking about shipping it back to my unit and mailing it to him .
did my supply sgt finesse me into getting this gear ?
am i in the wrong if i ship it back to him ?
ended up pulling some event servants on some alts that i dont really use so im giving them away
these accounts are empty their is little to them besides the event servants i was n't kidding when i said starter
write which account you want 1 or 2 and then guess a number between 1-100 .
edit winners have been chosen and pm 'd thanks for participating !
day 1 the outbreak reached my state my family is gone i 'm only let with a m4a1 with only 2 rounds of 30 .
it has spread worldwide and i believe there are n't many of us everyone is become crazy betraying each other killing one another for survival .
who knows how long this will last or how long i 'll last ...
i 'm camping in my house having person mines at the door just in case a intruder comes in .
all of a sudden i hear a helicopter around i quickly grab my m4 and rush out the back door .
i spot the helicopter i scream and shout hoping they will notice me .
i see one of them point to me coming near and dropping down a rope i quickly get to it all of sudden a rpg shoot down the end of the helicopter making it go down .
i run back to cover and heard a big explosion .
i sighed great now i just lost my way out here . ''
i see three heavily armed men go to the bodies talking and grabbed the helicopters group loot .
i load up my gun and aim at one of the heads bang one drops they quickly spread but i was too fast for them and dropped the other two .
i run to the bodies finding a fal with 5 50 rounds i grabbed the gun and the ammo for the fal also the food and water they had with there packs .
i run back to my home getting my traps armed and run to my room .
i drop all loot spreading it around and grouping it with food water ammo and guns .
i store the food and water in a closet and the guns in a cabinet .
it was getting dark so after i finished i went to bed hoping one day i 'd escape this madness .
sorry for the lack of grammar kinda tired a better one will be out soon .
deus ex revision is going to be getting achievements very soon .
all of them are completed and one of the dev 's said that they should be coming tomorrow .
so for background i 'm a size 9 in nikes .
i wanted to cop some pk nmds the japan ones and i waited for a while and finally found some for a good price .
i did some research and almost everyone was saying go half a size down so i did .
now heres where i think i screwed up was i supposed to go half a size down compared to adidas shoes or any shoe .
just as the title says guess what building she will attack next ?
really hope i 'm not the only one that thoroughly enjoyed gpm and rev 's annual japonies stream .
wondering if they plan on doing a 2016 one ?
i recently went back to watch them all and remember gpm saying that he does it yearly because it 's a pain in the ass to set up hoping it 's not too much of a pain and we get another one this year and that he 's drunk for it it 's a tradition at this point for him to be drunk during it .
i have uow swinburne la trobe and rmit 's offer letter for the above mentioned course .
i am thinking about selecting uow for my masters as it is economical as well as the course seems well structured .
can anyone help me out and tell me whether i am making the right choice or not ?
call me crazy but i have no clue what i saw tonight !
there was some blinking star '' that was n't moving in the sky it flashed red green and white .
i googled it but all results of it being a planet in the sky or something would mean it being close to the horizon .
it was high in the sky and my mom and i were freaked out .
we tried to take pics but we only got one decent one if you want i can include it later we tried to record it but it would n't show up all of a sudden !
former genius at apple and i cant wrap my head around this .
long story short ive done this before with success after a minor headache and uninstalled bootcamp the proper bootcampy way since then i 've probably reformatted my hdd anyway and now i want to have another go at putting win7 my mac using bootcamp .
i torrented a copy of win7 probably working as it has 2k plus good reviews id link it but tbp is undergoing maintenance and tinkered with a bit of the .plist of bootcamp to allow my early 2011 mbp to be able to do such a thing and it seemed to work see
and went through the process of selecting the tasks and run bootcamp .
oh no when it restarts instead of the lovely follow the onscreen prompts to finish your windows installation . ''
i get this shitstorm which reads in ugly pc letters no bootable devices insert boot disk and press any key ''
mind you the usb that has windows installed on it is still plugged in however is not blinking as it was when the mac was jiving with it but i 'm not sure if that matters ?
i restart holding the u key and only my main drive is shown .
i boot to that as it is my only choice when it starts up ... on my desktop the bootcamp drive sits there taunting me .
under startup disc in syspref it only displays my main drive .
anyway.. please tell me theres something i can do .
i am going crazy trying to figure this one out .
i 'm here coming to you as a last resort .
thank you so much for even looking at this .
so i 've been bandying about the idea of having a trailer for each of my episodes to get some hype among my subscribers and to help share my channel .
i previously did a version that was a couple minutes long that was mixed on reception .
this time around i did one under 30 seconds because i wanted to keep it super short so it could go in instagram in it 's entirety .
my question is which method do you think works better given some polish of course ?
do you think the longer version seen here https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=gajfhl7rnn4 is better or the new shorter version here https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=algmz3dyksm
i 'm really not sure how i want to play this aspect of my channel and i 'm open to ideas .
i 've been a firefox user for many years but more recently i 've been really impressed with how smoothly edge runs on my surface pro 3 surface pro 4 and surface book .
on top of the speed i 'd also like to use it due to the reduced battery consumption it promises .
until recently though i could n't use it as my primary browser since the initial version did n't support ad-blocking along with a few other features .
now that extension support has been added i 'm eager to see the number of extensions grow rapidly .
to help with this effort i 've created an issue https developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/platform/issues/8472326 in the edge issue tracker requesting that a mechanism through which users would be able to request extensions should be provided .
if you read the details you 'll see why i think the current feedback support is not enough .
if you want the same wrt edge please go to this issue and click the me too '' button to show your support .
is anyone else experiencing lag after the latest patches ?
because i could craft ammo clothing chems whatever instantly and just spam craft things quickly .
now after the patch it delays about 3 or 4 seconds .
but now it takes about 2 or 3 seconds .
my game would always run at 60fps and still does but now there 's just random lag ever since this patch .
i 've even tried completely new games and it 's still blumpy .
i 'm just posting this to see if anyone else is having these problems .
hopefully they actually fix this instead of leaving it broken like how they just left things broken in skyrim .
public service announcement some users are seeing spikes in air pressure after updating .
i 'll be doing my best to prevent this from happening in future updates but in the meantime to mitigate these effects simply disable all spaceports and space elevators on your planet .
once the update has been installed you can re-enable them without any ill effects though they 'll be called transit networks and spaceports respectively as this update moves space elevators into the new satellites section .
tl dr disable your spaceports and space elevators before installing the update unless you 're up for a wild ride .
i just moved to california to start my first job out of college .
this is the first time i 've completely supported myself and really paid all my own bills .
since i get paid bi-weekly i was thinking that i could have each of the paychecks pay for specific bills depending on timing .
so for example my rent is due on the beginning of the month that bill would be assigned to the 2nd paycheck from the previous month .
in the case of bills that are due in the second half of the month those are assigned to the first paycheck i receive for that month .
my combat veteran boyfriend 26 and i 27f have been together for three years .
since we 've started living together i 've noticed certain things that he initially brushed off have become more common place .
he is not a violent man he has never raised a hand to me in anger .
usually he goes right back to sleep but sometimes he does not knowing who i am and will restrain me until he realizes where he is .
other times he wakes up in a sweat and has to check the windows and doors throughout the house .
i have reached out to the va as well as other resources however it seems like everyone tells me the same thing be there for him listen let him talk do n't push talking and above all make sure i 'm safe .
i 'm not coming to the reddit table empty-handed i 'm looking for advice on how to make all the damned 'advice ' i 've been given work .
i have attempted to discuss the possibility of ptsd with him once however he shut me down .
he claims these reactions he has are normal for a man to have and that i am blowing things out of proportion .
he does not think that there is an issue .
i do not want to push so i simply have n't brought it back up for a year .
i am nimble and try to avoid him when he 's asleep this usually works but does not solve anything .
what does one do if the other is unwilling to discuss the issues at hand ?
i can understand having bad dreams but patrolling the house and restraining me on the floor is getting difficult to contend with .
i want to help him but if he is unwilling to discuss the possibility of ptsd what can i do ?
how am i supposed to proceed if people keep telling me not to push him into talking about it ?
i keep poking around looking for some answer to help him but if all i can do is wait for him to talk-which he refuses to do-then what else is there ?
i 'm not going to end this relationship but sometimes i feel like we need separate rooms so that i can get ready for work without worrying about getting jumped-the other morning i almost peed myself because he lunged at me from the bed while in one of his dream hazes or flashbacks-i 'm really not sure what he 's thinking when these things happen because he wo n't talk about them .
i do n't know what else to do-just keep poking around for advice .
a few days after her return to snowhearth isfryd donned a heavy fur cloak in the early morning hours while her husband still lay sleeping .
she broke her fast wuickly and simply then departed for the godswood .
although it was not as grand as that of winterfell the godswood of snowhearth was wild and vast .
she walked the path to the heart tree the place where she had wed robard .
stopping before the large wierwood she closed her eyes and took a moment to look back at that night .
she felt a kick from her son and smiled .
so long as i have you both i never will be again she though with a hand over her belly .
the light of dawn gave the face of the heart tree two sides one of the red dawn the other of the dark night that was now coming to an end .
beyond this point there were no paths to follow but isfryd would never forget the way there .
trees and roots and branches twisted and turned as she walked .
eventually she came upon a clearing which the day had not yet found .
in the point between them all she knelt and closed her eyes remembering their faces in turn .
her father was as strict as always but his eyes were milder no longer distant .
even htough he could make no sound mance 's friendly laughter was visible in every aspect of his face .
jarl played the warrior trying to act aloof yet she could still see that slight smirk he reserved for his siblings .
ulfric stood strong and fearsome but his bright blue eyes that flashed like lightning held only brotherly affection .
gede had the same glint in his eye as always as if he could n't wait to tell her some old secret or fact he had found in the library .
she thought about the last year she had spent as ady of snowhearth the htings she had accomplished the friends she had made the man she had married the son she would soon have .
it was beyond doubt now on her 21st nameday .
after a while she opened her eyes and rose to return to her castle and family .
i ordered a king series oh/kb28/nr chair from my local dxracer office recently and was excited to await its arrival .
upon arrival however i was dismayed to find that the plastic portion of the armrest has snapped off the chair .
i reported it and was promised an immediate replacement part when it becomes available locally .
when the replacement part arrived that 's when i discovered that the 4d armrest that came with the chair was set 2 inch shorter from the chair base than the original and pushes the cushion wings of the chair closer than previously .
initially i was certain that there has been a mistake but i was later shown pictures and convinced that newer chairs all come with this armrest .
however when i was fitted for the chair it was n't with this new armrest model .
i was terribly disappointment at this turn of event .
the closer armrest pushes against the cushion on the chair and changes the shape and effective size of the chair .
what was once perfect for me is now a noticeable smaller chair .
i imagine that it must have been some standardization to save cost that lead to this design decision but i think that its a terrible let down in terms of warranty support .
i expect to receive an identical or part of equal measurements .
unfortunately i have no options now but to accept this sub standard replacement as there 's no option provided to me to return the chair .
so just a fair warning at anyone who are looking to make a purchase going forward that this could happen to you as well .
pics linked here for anyone who is interested http imgur.com/slwi10u
the desired outcome is that when a new item is created a log is created that 'debits ' the amount from an account .
or is there a better way to log information this way ?
hi i 'm a bit of a noob and am relatively new to fl studio but i was wondering how to make this sound in harmor https youtu.be/qtxcsdiomwm ? t=10m33s start at 10:33
i do n't have massive and that 's why i am needing some help .
buying in the uk budget is anything up to around £1,200 .
can stretch a bit further if it 's worth it but aiming for between 800 to 1200
do you prefer a 2 in 1 form factor good battery life or best specifications to your requirements for the money ?
battery life not too important as will nearly always be plugged in when gaming .
if it 's light that 's night but my existing macbook pro weighs a ton so i 'm used to it .
i 'm moving from a 17 '' which was a bit too large to move around comfortably and use on lap so anything below that is fine .
i write for a gaming website though so i will occasionally need to play more intensive games but i have a gaming pc that can handle them .
so i do n't expect to run brand new games on highest settings but overwatch and dota looking awesome and running at high fps with the option of playing more intensive games is ideal .
leave any finishing thoughts here that you may feel are necessary and beneficial to the discussion .
hdd size is n't too important as i doubt i 'll need more than 256gb .
a solid state would be nice for fast booting etc .
i 'm not very clued up on things so i very much trust your guys recommendations for what is suitable for me !
gaming at friends as i ca n't move my gaming pc easily .
i can tell you put hard work into both of the maps .
i just happen to not be a fan of either .
right around 1:30am pst is when i 'm playing my last round or two .
right after yacht came out as a joke i said to my buddies that i refuse to end on yacht .
however now it 's pretty much the only map i get for some reason and only in this timeframe .
1|-ak-47 redline minimal wear 0.11303934454918 http csgo.exchange/item/6442757077 sticker lgb esports holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c lgb esports 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 sticker lgb esports holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c lgb esports 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 sticker lgb esports holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c lgb esports 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 sticker lgb esports holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c lgb esports 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 sold for 20k
1|-stattrak™ ak-47 redline field-tested 0.16473433375359 http csgo.exchange/item/6142545714 sticker lgb esports holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c lgb esports 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 sticker lgb esports holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c lgb esports 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 sticker lgb esports holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c lgb esports 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 sticker lgb esports katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c lgb esports 7c katowice 2015 sold for 21k
one of the sticker on the navi one is 12 scraped .
send an offer here https steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new ? partner=210884358 token=egikjlpp or add me here http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198171150086 to talk .
levelled up my chroma to 25 in one run on a pug akkad yesterday .
which is great but oh my god is akkad dull .
thing is whenever i 've just got some new gear my objective is always going to be to level it up .
which means i 'm always going to find the xp loot cave no matter where it is .
if we want rid of loot caves altho tbh i was fine with draco then xp boosts should move around the starchart like alerts .
that 's how you get people using the whole of the starchart and that 's how you integrate gear levelling and formaing to the wider game .
so instead of logging in and going to whatever the current loot cave is you look at the starchart and choose from whatever levels happen to have an xp boost e.g .
that way we integrate xp and forma directly into the wider starchart .
de are happy because people are actually using the starchart i 'm happy because i 'm not sat on a beam on akkad for 20mins and here 's the best bit its much more difficult to build a meta around a moving target so more people spend more time playing different mission types and different loadouts instead of figuring out ways to game the current loot cave
ek het gehoor 'kys ' beteken 'sweetheart ' maar google translate se dit beteken 'chaste ' .
as dit 'sweetheart ' beteken kan ek dit vir n man se of is dit net vir meisies ?
edit dit is blykbaar 'kys ' nie 'kuis ' nie
with rebirth still going strong i 'm actually really enjoying most of it i wonder if any of you have already given up on a title yet ?
how far did you get and why did you decide to drop it ?
justice league after issue 2 art was good but the story was a mess .
titans after issue 1 i 'm not a fan of brett booth 's art and i 'm honestly not a fan of any of the characters excluding nightwing and arsenal .
harley quinn could n't even finish the first issue .
i dropped the book after about 8 issues the first time around i thought i 'd give it another try but i could n't get into it .
and just because i 'd feel bad for leaving this on a bad note .
my favorites have been wonder woman green arrow detective comics the flash and superman .
and i 've had mostly good things to say about everything i 've read so far .
does anyone know what size the alpha vector ship is ?
i 'm now around 30h in the game and have a ship with 25 slots .
i have n't used the code for the preorder ship and was avoiding this because of the hyperdrive bug '' .
now i am wondering if this ship has a fixed size or if it will be slightly bigger than my current one .
i 'm pretty tired of looking for jobs and i have no contacts to help me either so i am considering to maybe make money on my own .
i used to upload youtube-poops and other types of videos back in 2008-2010 and received some nice views but i made no profit since it was just a hobby back then .
i have the editing skills i am a music producer too so i could make music for my own videos and of course use royalty free music .
i mean there are lots of people who make money by doing pretty useless stuff like tasting food or talking about make-up .
i do n't think it 's sustainable that some people can make a living out of sitting in their room uploading videos they edited in windows live movie maker or any other free software .
to me it does n't sound like this is going to last forever .
i am sure unemployment rates will go up a lot in the future and then people ca n't consume and this will hurt the companies who advertise on youtube they will have less consumers and that equals less ads ... if i understand this correctly ?
i 'm not an economist though so i decided to ask here and see if my thoughts are right or wrong .
just spent quite a while battling a level 4 friendly gym trying to boost the prestige until it got to level 5 so i could add one of mine .
after half an hour i finally got it and now the first dot under the title is hollow https www.imgur.com/a/eogvp which i thought indicated that there is now an empty slot .
however there 's no button on the bottom left allowing me to add one of my guys .
prestige numbers read 12294 16000. says level 5. only 4 other pokemon present .
relative noob here especially wth gym stuff so bear with me .
float of the wasteland rebel is 0.6992 ... it 's 13 for all wasteland rebels and 1 stattrak on csgo.exchange ... proof http imgur.com/a/zotby
proof that it 's from a case opening http imgur.com/r5bwtba
i do n't understand why suzanne did n't get blamed in the finale of season 4 for poussey 's death .
she was the one who kept acting crazy which made poussey have to try to appease her and consequently get herself suffocated by bailey .
the fact that other members of the black community went easy on her was another big shock for me in the finale .
as you can already see in the title our team ayzy gaming is searching for a midlaner and jungler .
we are a group of six members but due some time limitations and the lost interest towards league only 3-4 players are still active .
we do tryhard in team rankeds for sure but do n't take it as serious as others probably .
although our core of 3-4 players is still active we do n't really play regularly .
so when some of us are up to play some team ranked we do it spontaneously .
but when we do it 's about to get freaking hot in euw .
so what do we require from you in order to join us ?
so if you think you fullfill these requirements do n't hesitate to contact me .
i am looking to go to japan for about four weeks next year .
the only dates that i can go due to university are between june 24th and july 24th or november 26th til 26ish of december .
i want to see as much of japan as i can and intend to stay in sapporo tokyo kyoto fukuoka and osaka at some point during the trip .
my big concern is that june/july from research can get very hot and uncomfortable .
hot weather wont bother me but since its a long trip i feel the humidity will start to get worse as the days go by .
would nov/dec be a better time to go in that regard ?
considering that i am going to multiple locations is there a specific way i should arrange my itinerary to make the most of the weather in these periods ?
ive done a lot of research on the weather and feel like it goes from one extreme hot/humid to another cold .
i am going with other people who want to go in june/july dates .
i need a little bit of help finishing off heroic naxx .
i have the last three bosses to go but seem to have hit a brick wall on thaddius .
does anybody have any good decks and hints and tips to get me through this ?
oh my goodness the waiting anxiety has struck me so hard today !
i 've been so chill and cheerful about the whole pregnancy process but i rounded a corner where i can not shake the feeling of what if i never go into labor ? ''
i 've already scheduled my induction for 41+6 so obviously this baby is coming eventually .
but i just ca n't relax and i 'm driving myself crazy !
nope they have said uwp users get no steam keys they wont be getting any more updates either ...
as an owner of the uwp version i doubt ill ever buy from remedy again unless the steam version performs way better since the game engine was built in dx11 if it performs better ill buy it
edit i wont buy from them if they dont give out steam versions to existing owners not because the game has bad performance the games great but the studio know the version they are abandoning runs like ass and they say they are confident the steam version will run better which if it does they have lost a customer qb was my first remedy game btw and it will probably be my last
just use invitation code kickthatass since its private and go to games you 'll find it
hate threads are unnecessary but if people are upset that this game is n't what they wanted and have valid opinions that they communicate properly and cooly then they have every right to be here .
this subreddit is not a fanclub n'or should it be .
steam has refunds for 2 weeks after you buy the game if you have played 2 hours or less .
so if you really want to try just buy the game if it does n't work get a refund .
same once i 'm done with all the p.a .
it reminds me of something i read that geena davis was working on with crowd scenes .
dunno should i go for 6400. as i said its up to 100 more in here so i have to consider it .
some people told me to go 6100 like u and some 6400 .
nature can be very dangerous but it 's usually not the animals that get you .
falls abrupt weather changes getting lost and poor planning are all more likely to kill you than a coyote .
i understand what you mean about average energy now .
thanks for clarifying i really need to get better with zarya .
i 'm looking for a caster dps to add to my arsenal of enhancement shaman prot warrior and maybe havoc dh if it remains fun at 110 .
i enjoyed demonology warlock at 6.2 but since 7.0 i 'm not really getting much joy out of playing any of the 3 specs .
in cataclysm i used to enjoy balance druid a lot but am currently unsure if i want to level and gear up a balance druid or a mage since a lot of people are really enthousiastic about mages since 7.0 .
will the spec be fun and interesting enough to play for hours and hours ?
watching preach 's overview of the spec made it look like it missed a lot of the balance identity it used to have and just did a lot of stuff other casters do except others do it better .
his overview is now 2 months old though so i do n't know how much has changed .
theymos had the same idea that should make you scratch your head already
it currently makes much more economic sense to just use the electricity produced by the solar cell directly instead of attempting to convert it to fuel .
the advantage of this system is that it 's yet another way to produce a carbon-neutral fuel .
the other issue is that if we 're getting the energy to run this cell from solar panels then we 'll need to cover a ridiculously large area with solar panels in order to replace our fossil-fuels used for transportation .
however if we got that energy from fission or fusion someday then we could fuel all transportation vectors with synthetic fuels ... sorry almost let myself start ranting about how we 're all idiots for being afraid of fission .
i started playing last season and finished on bronze i .
this season i started from bronze v and now i am on silver 4 i want to get to gold this season .
my problem is that i get about 15 lp for a win and about 25 for a lose .
it 's been 4 months going up so i do n't know why my lp is being punished so bad proof on graph http www.lolking.net/summoner/lan/823476
i 'm just a clam boy wanting to be a full grown clam man this game would really help with that .
yeah quickstart or whatever they call the wind button saved a ton of time
i was n't overly interested in selling any of them .
the way i understand it the charger that comes with it is usb-c and therefore natively supports fast charge .
while it can take advantage of older usb standards at their fastest they still wo n't be as fast as usb-c allows .
as a heads up the included charger is one unit and you 'll need to have your own usb-c cables or adapters to connect the pixel c to anything else .
i only recently picked up micro-usb to usb-c adapters so i could n't tell you if it charges faster off of a charger that supports quickcharge but my guess would be that it will charge as fast as the charger will allow since it should be rated for higher than most non usb-c chargers are outputting anyway .
again you 'd likely only get max charging speed from a native usb-c cable .
the relationship between captain sisko and his son jake is amazingly written .
it has a lot of complexity and forms some of the best moments of the show for me and i 'm only in season 4 !
if you mean the uncharged dfs you are correct .
the charged dfs has 50 defensive bonusses in melee and range over a ddef .
well i was an extra once for this m. night shyamalan movie but they had to keep cutting filming because i kept trying to eat sausage links out of my shirt pocket .
you can do some pretty quick math to confirm but even upgrading from 12 to 13 ancients you get a 7.69 boost to damage and toughness just for being an ancient .
if you had 10,000 str you 'd need 769 strength to get that same boost to damage .
in some niche cases you can take a non-ancient over an ancient usually when the non-ancient meets some sort of cdr goal you 're looking for or has a lot of thorns that would otherwise increase your damage .
for example i 'd take a 20 physical 8 cdr 700 str 700 vit 7500 thorns lidless wall over a 15 phys 8 cdr 900 str 900 vit ancient lidless wall that did n't have thorns .
we lose some toughness there but the extra 5 to phys and the 7500 thorns would definitely outweight the extra boost from being ancient if that lidless was my 13th ancient
glockspeed is the gtx 1070 's amp clock speeds .
okay but is the card even reaching stock speed ?
i have lowered it but still the same amount of usage .
also check that the profile for mgsv is set to 0 .
framerate is low but is consistent no stuttering or anything .
i did n't think all the drawings i submitted would be upvoted .
exactly they do all the heavy lifting once you upload the photos .
you set the pricing you want and you get 80 of the markup .
i have mine pretty low right now so i only get like 35 for that .
i doubt they were 2500 but we have the confirmation that isis held hostages hundreds of civilians .
it 's amazing to see the sdf fighters keeping their calm when you consider the risk of vbied .
so the coils sits slanted or you have to bend the legs for it to be level ?
one of the best parts of godzilla '14 was the soldiers parachuting in and as they release their flares edwards gives us this super wide shot that really drives home the sheer immensity of godzilla .
if that 's the case then why did n't you just break with him instead of dragging a painful relationship out by picking fights all the time ?
as an ex-mo ... .wish i could give you more than one upvote ...
i should have some spare time over the next week so i can try to take a look at the night mode css and see what problems there are .
i noticed some use of final fantasy vi music in your videos .
can we hope to get a ridiculous recap of that amazing game please ?
15 things fdr does n't want you to know .
not knowing what the widget is this may be a silly question but if you or a friend placed an order for a widget from the retailer when you receive the widget can you proof positively tell whether or not you made it ?
the interviewer asked me about my reproductive plans because he did n't want to hire someone who was just going to leave when you end up pregnant . ''
i 'm cf but was so shocked i just stood up and left .
this was pretty obviously coming since zen has been basically mandatory for discord
it is impossible to adequately critique someone 's team without knowing the rest of the important information surrounding the selections that went into building that team .
if we could purge posts asking people to rate their teams from this sub it would make my day .
the best part was when the utah girl went to kick the ball and it went into that diving byu girl 's head .
flex your legs for like 5 seconds a few times .
the blood will start to circulate more into your legs removing the blood out of your boner thus making it go away .
when someone told me this i did n't believe it .
so i 'm assuming a straight relationship — plug fitting the socket so to speak .
luke uses the force in the third act of a new hope to blow up a death star .
i 'm not pitting one against the other for the sake of it .
i 'm not saying vr is better than non-vr .
what i am saying is that since experiencing vr it has dampened my non-vr gaming experience which is not what i expected .
i wish this was n't the case as i still want to experience my monitor games with as much enthusiasm as before .
i really struggle to understand how you can imagine them having a completely reusable launch architecture that has the cheapest price to orbit of any system out there by a fair margin this is n't guaranteed of course but it will have to be true if mars is to have any chance at all of working yet ca n't imagine how it would be beneficial to adapt that architecture for payload use .
they could potentially just get rid of f9 and f9h entirely and focus all of their efforts onto 1 lower stage and three upper stage variants with a high degree of commonality .
i will delete the post and repost with pics .
i 've had a student plagiarize a personal narrative .
took a friend 's paper and used it as his own .
unless you can honestly see yourself using or needing a 256gb sd card i would get the s7 edge .
i am sure you will be happy with either one .
the idea that shipping food across the ocean to be processed and then back again to be package and then shipped out to grocery stores having less of an environmental impact then transporting the food locally seems very counterproductive to me .
do you know any articles that support your claim because i would be really interested in reading them .
shhh shhh there 's nothing to say now son just sit tight and watch it burn ...
sure it 's explainable but we all know the real reason was for nostalgia points .
no mvp they do n't have enough points to qualify for regionals .
ive heard of judo players getting dq 'd for not bowing or shaking hands .
another is wipi which can be run with activator i think but not sure if that is near what you want .
i think he 'll be 3rd string at best but might be good for 4th and inches type scenarios .
this song appears on the album water from the well 2000 .
vincent demanded for one thing and the boss gave him something else .
it 's not too loud but when i 'm waking up to soft sounds a notification that 's noticeably louder in volume is a bit of a wake up call lmfao no worries though i needed it
why would he troll by defending freakazoid and taking accountability for his actions ?
even battlebots can not contain my excitement for the de ... ... .and yes bot we will see a hoh crowned tonight .
the terrible thing about war is that we could probably find similar photos of children who 's relatives were killed by the allies in bombings .
edit because i 'm guessing i was n't clear enough and because i was linked to from a sitxsays sub i want to clarify a bit .
so i 'm looking back at it and it seems to be heavily down voted .
i wanted to clarify a bit here because i 'm guessing my intention did n't come across .
as i hoped to make clear in my comment i was not attempting to justify anything the nazi 's did .
objectively it was horrible some of the worse things a group of humans has ever done .
nor was i attempting to claim the allies were somehow in the wrong for what they did .
the interment of american 's of japaneses decent comes to mind but on any kind of balance we did what was needed given the times .
my point was about the evils of war in general of which there was plenty on both side during ww2 and plenty of innocents were harmed .
farther looking at the definition of wehraboos this sub uses i do not see how my comment or my views match any of them .
if anyone can point to what in my comment gave them that impression i would appreciate it and i 'll attempt to fix it .
well given that they 're praising his common sense when he is completely wrong about this as well drug scheduling is not based on a drug being deadly but on a drug lacking known medicinal purposes and being prone to abuse ...
definitely seeing lots of positive and varied examples of awesome lesbians in tv shows and movies and books and also real life people .
also i 've been reading an amazing book called the gay revolution '' by lillian faderman about the history of lgbt civil rights in the us .
it 's helped me a lot to identify with the awesome folks who fought for the rights we have today and their courage to stand up to people who assumed they were all pedophiles and psychopaths .
lgbt people are as varied and beautiful as the rest of humanity and we existed long before it was legal accepted or fashionable to be different .
warning the book is like 3 inches thick so do n't expect it to be a quick read .
hell yeah they would be great for the pa winter .
if i manage to sell my knife or my glock fast enough i 'll buy yours
add up every single scandal both real and imagined and it still does n't come close to the disaster of invading iraq .
the best the republicans can come up with is emails and benghazi .
i wish to my very core that i had a spiritual guide to tell me things like this .
if you 're not familiar with my animation catalogue http www.kanzenshuu.com/forum/viewtopic.php ? f=25 t=32434 over on the kanzenshuu forums it 's essentially a guide showcasing the different animation styles each supervisor brings to dragon ball super .
i thought i 'd work on expanding that guide in video form focusing on the history of each supervisor both in and out of dragon ball and examining how their styles have changed over the years .
any suggestions to help improve the videos are absolutely welcome .
actually there are many healthy successful vegan athletes my personal favorite is scott jurek .
kendrick farris the only male weightlifter the us sent to the olympics is also vegan .
your protein needs can be easily met through plant sources .
i did not examine my hymen closely in my early teen years to be able to report my vaginal state in my early years .
i simply report my experience and what i was told happened soon after .
i 'd give that first drive a slightly over mediocre '' rating d
thank you for your submission however it has been removed because it has been automatically determined to be breaking the following r/videos rule
if having read the rule you believe that it does not apply to your video please click here https www.reddit.com/r/videos/wiki/automoderator/p/c11 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
one organization comes out and says the russians are suspected then another repeats it then another says we are pretty sure it was the russians then another repeats it then another says we have 'high confidence ' it was the russians and by that point it 's been repeated so many times that it no longer sounds like speculation and everyone believes it .
meanwhile none of the official agencies fbi nsa etc .
unless you 're running 100 tabs of chrome or your whole steam library 8 gigs is fine for literally every game ever .
sorry confused but would n't a 500mg dose exert twice the effect on a 150 pound person as it does to a 300 pound person .
edit sorry about not making my title right i 'm new on reddit in general and do n't know how to change it d
this is something i will rant about here in illinois to anyone who will listen .
the financial benefits of being an early regional adopter of weed legalization will be enormous compared to being a latecomer .
do we want billions of dollars to pour into our state economy and by god we need it or do we want to wait until michigan or iowa for example learn how to do math ?
adopting first means capturing huge regional markets regardless of legality .
be the first state east of the mississippi to adopt full legalization and you become the beneficiary of a huge windfall .
your political party could hold power for a generation .
but adopt last and at best you 'll be recapturing your lost revenues .
it 's common fucking sense for any state more than a day 's drive from colorado or the west coast to fast-track legalization .
i guarantee you that because of beer lobbying missouri will be the last to adopt and in 30 years will truly be the absolute asshole of america that we from illinois know it to already be .
there 's nothing good to be found on there .
it 's just a bunch of circlejerking and making jokes '' about short people .
layer 8 is also a local tech consulting firm in fact .
m you have no secret tags so yes it is good for my side m
malaysian observers report that the electoral process was relatively free of fraud there are several who raised concerns about the quota system although officially we state that this should be settled internally by the rhodesian legislature .
not sure if i 'm too late but do n't have anything to ask anyway just want to say thanks for doing the things you 're doing .
it 's made me laugh on some bad days .
i am sorry you are having to deal with that though .
but i am happy you are finding something that is helping .
today i decided i ca n't afford the car i want .
it sucks i spent a long time looking at them and even scheduled a test drive .
my fiancee who is typically way less conservative than me told me it was stupid to drain my bank account on it even though i do n't have one .
she is regrettably right and i feel really bad .
i hate how fucking long this phd program is and how the rest of my undergrad cohort has gone on to real salaries while i am stuck spinning my wheels .
i do n't really need one we have one vehicle already i just do n't always have access to it and it does n't have high enough ground clearance for long climbing trips .
i fell in love with the r/overland crowd and wanted an xterra which they no longer make .
i guess i 'll wait a few years and hope there 's something else .
if we could just put them somewhere where they only have to deal with each other our own lives would see such improvement .
yeah i remember well because i told this story to a lot of close friends and family for years .
not one of them doubted me or asked for proof but the time is logged into the cartridge of course .
as a matter of fact on the startup screen you can push one of the trigger buttons and the mario raceway time pops right on the screen like this particular contest was planned way in advance during game development .
never really listened to the beatles ca n't afford not to buy it at this price !
i got the fire 7 '' tablet and fire stick for 65 delivered to my house within an hour of ordering it .
do n't get me wrong i get the difference but i do think that some of the griefers might be pvp'ers that have gone crazy in the loneliness of space .
derek anderson is such an underrated asset on this team .
i forgot socialists are supposed to live in the woods and not buy anything .
best team last year going into champs was og ... we can place top 8 realistically its the strongest year of competition i feel ever .
mf is good enough on paper to place t8 .
but i am hoping they show up so we can get some respect because every year it seems we get no respect .
and then we place top 8 and people write them off again by the time champs roles around next year .
she possibly could make the weight to 135 but i have doubts that she 'll make the transition to mma .
i just listened to her press conference and she mentions that she 's not sure if the ufc platform would be any bigger than what she 's experiencing now as 2x consecutive olympic gold medalist .
plus the past 4 years have drained her mentally and physically as it 's been one long training camp to lead up to this day .
kid knew he was going to lose so sat there and ran about 15 minutes off the clock on his turns while spelling out fuck you and talking smack the entire time while trying to get me to concede because he was going to waste my time ''
like what your neuro will allow what your willing to risk what your insurance will allow ...
there are quite a few neuros out there that are starting to come around to thinking that you respond as hard as the ms is coming on .
so for very aggressive ms they are suggesting stronger treatments right out of the gate i would know .
the first time i consciously remember being on a plane i felt the plane fall '' for a split second right after it got off the ground .
in reality it was probably the pilot just adjusting the angle at which he was ascending .
even if we had fallen after take-off we were probably not even thirty feet up so a fall would n't have actually be that bad .
when i felt that drop '' i almost screamed .
it 's been said a million times before but the series desperately needs to go back to its rpg roots .
i 'd even be fine with another super paper mario game i enjoyed the shit out of it even though it was a whole different genre than its predecessors .
if it was holo the price would 've been way higher than twice
i like the cinnamon leather i 'd actually really like it in mine .
i 've got the vanos to be checked although nothing flagged up during inspection 2 but will still get it checked independently .
i have n't signed into my reddit account in a very long time but after reading this comment i had to .
it 's definitely one of the funniest and most accurate statements i 've ever encountered .
also the 30 minutes or so of side splitting laughter helped assuage the pain i felt from reading this abomination .
it used to be the father got the kids automatically after a divorce until the women 's movement fought for women to have rights to them too .
kids going to the mother was n't always the case and only recently changed several decades ago .
it 's more of an extreme response to women not having had that right than women just being seen as better care givers .
if that was it women would have gotten the kids after a divorce from the start .
it reminds me of the first generation surface rt which was a horrible design .
when i was four i tried to sled into a freezing river ¯ ツ ¯
fortunately my grandma caught me before i fell in .
i remember crying because i was having a jolly time and she just randomly yanked me .
wtf is 1ex.trade '' and how the hell do they have a v2 if nobody on the planet has heard of v1 ?
i caught up with an acquaintance/friend this last weekend .
i wanted to share this with them and began with questions .
i first said i wanted to speak with him about something i thought was important but if i did his entire reality could possibly change and let him decide .
the ones i asked about were where is the statue of liberty located '' he said on ellis island in nyc .
i asked what was that tv show about 4 women one of which was sarah jessica parker .
i asked what was the famous line from field of dreams .
he said if you build it they will come .
i asked what was the movie with tom cruise and brad pitt as vampires and he said interview with a vampire .
i then explained about it all and what was the current reality .
he had a thing for interview with a vampire and that was the hardest to swallow .
i then asked about mr. rogers theme song and where is the heart located in the body .
he said the '' and pointed to the center of his chest .
just then the bartender came up and said oh yeah i remember mr. rogers show .
i said what was the theme song and she sang it with the '' .
i then asked where her heart was and she pointed center of her left chest .
i just smiled and said i 'll have another amberbock please
not sure what swedes this poster knows but many of the swedes i 've met have been tall bearded and outdoorsy .
maybe that does n't fit the op 's definition of masculine or maybe this person does n't actually know shit all about sweden or its people .
i remember when an ebook reader was a hot item but demand died down really fast with kindle being the only one well known now .
seriously i want a new nook glowlight with a larger screen and color e-paper .
nook is the only device that lets me pirate ebooks .
print out the little alien and put it over her face .
it 'll make things a little easier for you .
i think some websites vary but i found them here .
yes and they deserve help if they want it .
but they should also move on if they do n't
i did n't even see this on australian tv !
that race was incredible he was way behind in the first 50m .
collins looks like he 's back to his old freakish self .
garoppolo has been mediocre but he 's not really working with much .
really ca n't wait to see bennett and gronk together good god what a nightmare matchup .
belichick might rip the heads off of the punt unit .
i bet he had some kind of dirt on the upper management he blackmailed his way in .
do you guys have performance reviews would love to see his .
i love many of christ 's teachings although i no longer believe he is the only way to god .
my experiences with other churches episcopalians are pretty easy going and do n't take themselves too seriously .
they do n't keep track of attendance and look at you funny if you do n't attend .
i sent my children to born again '' type parochial middle schools because our middle schools are appalling here .
this particular school was very uptight and self righteous so i was n't too impressed .
but since you did n't justify 2 as you could have done easily people are attacking it on those grounds .
the universe changes over time and could have been different without contradiction .
ironically this is a hell of a wise comment .
you ca n't smash up a human not easily as they tend to run away .
but the machines that capital acquires can be rendered useless and worthless quite simply .
i suspect in some far off future that 55k vending machine will be guarded by a guy making 1 an hour to ensure that no one smashes it .
what do you mean my metapod ca n't learn sweet scent ? ''
those were options on a facebook poll not an official list of genders .
a lot of those are repeated e.g cis male cisgender male .
i liked this interpretation a lot because to me his crazy struck me as more realistic .
if you 're an antisocial psycho what 's funny to you should not be what 's funny to me or society as a whole .
so he may have thought doing all of his antics was funny due to its chaotic nature like firing a machine gun from a plane while collecting his important assets but it may not come off as funny to me .
what 's entertaining for a crazy guy should be what 's antisocial in nature .
also no one in the real world would follow a joker that ca n't at least act a bit mob boss like .
ledger 's joker literally kills 90 of his crew .
too high of a turn over rate for anyone to want to join up unless they 're bored of living .
i think leto 's is a joker with a more modern appearance and a more late 2010s twist to his persona .
'azaad ' kashmir has n't had to deal with the insurgency from fundamentalist jihadis it 's probably safer there than the indian side where radicals and the army are busy hurting the youth in the name of ideology .
but economically and as far as being a minority i 'll stick with the indian side .
i really enjoy my detrivore shadow in defiled although i hate the name gorgeous colour and formula .
it was limited edition but i imagine the formula is similar across the board .
just imagine me petting your head ever so gently .
when we hit 450 ppm co2 and 2c average warming by 2025-2030 and climate change mania has consumed many many people the change will come much much faster than 1 to 2 generations .
they had plenty of room but they covered your neck and part of your head depending on height which would cause a somewhat painful ride .
when people say that they only listen to bm in winter i go wat ? ''
when life gives you lemons you say fuck lemons and bail .
but it can be both play and bots at the same time .
or he left the battle on the game to .
and according to putin himself he day dreams about having novorussya
not very nice of you to just outright lie like that .
read up his lore i posted above definitely a connection there
it was specifically shown in the show that rubies are not the smartest and easily tricked .
as far as we know garnet and pearl were n't there when rose shattered '' and rose has been shown to keep up hughe lies for centuries see bismuth so we really ca n't be sure .
also in the episode bubbeled the one thing ruby claims to remember about rose quarts is her huge sword which i assume she saw only once as rq confronted pd .
which is let me quote bismuth abel to destroy the phisical form of a gem in an instant destroying the body but never the gem '' .
wait but am i the only one here who 's going to say you can barely see them and you should n't worry about them ? !
if you had n't had said anything honestly i would n't have even seen them .
go to the hardware store and buy a new bolt .
there was a lot of one-shot races like the wadi the tosk a few others that appeared once or twice and a few like the teplan ennis and yaderan who were literally just humans without even any visible prosthesis ... but other than those one-episode races from the early seasons after the dominion was encountered the focus went back to the alpha quadrant races again and the only gamma quadrant races we saw after that were the founders vorta and jem hadar hell i think we went about 2 seasons without the main cast going to the gamma quadrant ...
i do n't remember them risking going through at any point after the war broke out when the dominion was unable to send ships through
my department doesnt have any apparatus to rewire so i have n't gotten the chance to try this on any of our trucks yet .
i 'm very space constrained tacoma with 4 trunk mount radios siren lights and all of the normal stuff too so the din solution helped me manage my space better .
thanks for checking it out and i 'm glad you liked it .
we have new videos every monday and we are prioritizing myst to make sure we finish before obduction arrives .
the va for 8-man in oregairu really hits the nail on both season
thank you for taking the time to reply and replying with transparency .
i know i was n't the only one who was very worried about this .
i know you are aware of my/our undying passion towards js and want to put some solid time in this wipe this put to ease some of my worries .
really glad to hear about the great changes and fixes .
like i 've said many times in the past a lot of us folks do understand how hard to implement some of these features and do n't mind waiting extra time to have it done right .
i am also glad that some of the community folks were able to utilize the testing to not bring these bugs to the live servers .
i suggest that shields should should absorb nitrocell explosions and people bitch at me saying this game has realism and shields ca n't absorb that but all of the sudden this game has realistic shotgun range and everyone bitches about it .
stage 4 can violent proc you but the abar reduction from stage 5 is what normally slows my runs down
looks like you took the pictures with a webcam from 1999 .
i agree with the rest ca n't be rated with these pics .
yeah but perhaps your gut is telling you not to trust him .
when you unzipped your computer put all of the files into a single folder .
straight talk i 've been following nms since it was announced and have been on the fence since it was released .
i 'm a single parent so i ca n't justify dropping 60 willy nilly .
it gets me thinking will walmart be selling figs from past wave ?
why the hell does everyone want it to be canceled ?
would you care to go ahead and make such a calculation of minimum thickness ?
finally figured it out so i 'm finding and sharing with everyone who has been searching for it .
the problem is that time-machines would need to have an established beacon or anchor to the time people wish to travel to .
without a beacon or anchor the time machine would simply stay in place and due to the cosmological shift of the earth and solar system through the universe anything sent back in time would arrive in cold empty space .
tldr time machines need to be time and space machines to be viable .
fox did that one even if its a marvel property .
the trees in the background look bleached in the after '' one and i am trying to guess if this is just a season thing or if there are other factors affecting it .
well if they tpk people will be salty about that .
i 'd say trying to digest that pile of word salad was enough to blow anyone 's literal mind .
or at least blow out their literal mind 's figurative colon ...
yeah i went with mattdeemoonn because the other variations were taken
you ca n't jump straight to it though you have to upgrade incrementally .
right now i 'm 28 slots most upgrades i 'm seeing are 37-38 slots and between 22-25 million units .
they also got the 3 stage intake manifold which is nice even though i think an n52 is better if you put one on tune
just because you do n't believe does n't mean your friends who do are wrong .
we do n't have enough information one way or other .
the only way to find out is die and people ca n't exactly return and report on that one .
be respectful of your friends beliefs ask them to do you the same courtesy .
their faith brings them comfort and as a friend you should n't try to strip them of that .
nothing else will do this is a truly dark time .
i havent even played the game just replying to your comment since i thought you might want the info .
these people wo n't take their drugs on their own .
you mean the college kids that buy merch '' with their parents ' money ?
but how do i differentiate between the 14 that you know and all the other ones ?
you can tell that guy has seen some fucked up shit
not really coaching tbh you say yourself you do n't feel like you 're learning .
my advice would be to find a new gym .
let 's say they are complaining of abdominal pain .
something that could kill them in three hours or could be caused by the food they ate last night .
do you want a full medical history on that person or do you want nothing ?
what do think i want when i work with a new client ?
their complete medical history with a diagnosis of any conditions they have .
people seem incapable of just letting other people enjoy what they enjoy .
you do n't have to hate rl to love ru or vice versa and even if you do you can just shut the fuck up about it .
i 'm not a weird foot guy but i fondly recall that scene as the only time we got to see elaine 's feet .
it 's not like you are n't allowed to wear the ib stuff going forward .
you just are n't required to do so in order to gain extra rep .
i think i 'm going to make the switch because my toothpaste perpetually looks disgusting as my brother does n't care about which side he squeezes from .
there is anti-muslim bigotry and there is criticism of a religion and criticism of the ideology based off the religion islamism .
lumping them all together under the label islamophobia '' lumps together muslims with islamists .
anyone who thinks that all muslims are islamists is a bigot themselves .
i 've thought i lost it before but after flying around the planet it was just hiding on the other side planet was huge .
so unless its a bug you should eventually get the orange marker again
i just wanted something to replace the 5 clip size because i do n't like it .
but why is not spending too much points cheating ?
note to self do n't reply to threads while you 're waking up haha .
it definitely blossomed in flavor with a drop of water .
longview is looked at as the preferred scope vs ambush simply because ambush drops the aa by so much .
however i find ambush to be a bit snappier so i do n't mind playing with it .
ca n't bring herself to have sex yet but looking into getting spanked
20,000 miles on one belt is quite impressive especially when i 've seen sport bikes need new chains after 100
does this mean people will need a new excuse for when they die ?
lag hacks assault symmtera bad widowmaker/hanzo no heals i have gold medals but you guys do n't other team played better luck hooked through a wall afker troll on team and quitters .
dodging in this game is so random unless it 's a power move where they warn you .
it 's against the rules for this board ca n't make you an account .
screened bottom board and a screened top board should provide enough ventilation .
not that you would want hive smell throughout the house interior of whatever building .
my issue is that i know there 's sexual harassment happening every day and i feel powerless .
hypothetically if i was a shitty person and said something shitty to someone and that 's how they replied i 'd probably just scoff at them because they have nothing meaningful to say .
dunno if you 're in the us but if so is the national guard an option ?
once it was up to speed it did appear to be moving pretty quickly .
any idea of the rpm and kinetic energy stored in the disk at speed ?
are/were you worried about spin up time of the disk ?
come on man you can do better than just listing a link .
live timing data is not available as an api .
not even if i want to pay for it .
i 'm steadily making money doing what is described here .
mene su cijelu osnovnu maltretirali jer nisam pričala teškim prigorskoseljačkim naglaskom bez uvrede nego sam razlikovala č i ć ije i je čitala knjige i znala se izražavati .
kako su maltretirali mene tako su maltretirali i vjeroučiteljicu zvali su je vjerokoza tako da sumnjam da to ima veze s vjeronaukom prije s odgojem .
if they start telling me how hot my girlfriend is i get a little annoyed at them for looking a little more than i am comfortable with if i could kill you and get away with it i 'd fucking do it .
but it starts somewhere and that is by making a plan .
i mean ea is n't perfect but what they have been doing with late life battlefield 4 and the launch of battlefield 1 has slowly earned some trust back from me
my mom almost choked once and my siblings/dad were about to call 911 bc no one knew the heimlich and i was laughing my head off i got in trouble but i did n't think it was funny or anything i was just panicking and that 's what happened .
it has n't happened again on that scale but the whole time i was just confused and horrified that i was laughing really hard .
he must have read a single stephen hawking picture book .
will i be able to attach a string to my rock and be able to hack '' those new player made vending machines ?
eh i do n't think this game is big enough to crash steam .
the golden age was far from islamic reformation '' but instead the strong presence of secularism which did n't last because it ultimately was un-islamic .
as you 've said the book is there and it will always be there .
even in prosperous societies it 's there and it will always be there .
i agree with your religion is cyclical '' argument but i do n't think we 'll ever see a similar stage with islam again .
they were a bit generous with harley 's ass .
check out the others who are doing similar seems like duolingo is the way to go best of luck !
as of vue 2.0 it will only support one way down data binding with a global event system in favor of two way .
there 's also vuex also created by evan which is a redux like lib that also provides single state management with reducers .
i 've been working with vue every day for the last year building an app like you describe heavily modularized and component based with lots of state like you describe above .
vue 1.x has been amazing for that really looking forward to 2.0 !
i do n't know if tony benedict would honor the sanctity of the get out of jail free card .
fists count as weapons some people will then have imperfect fists .
i know this is n't an answer to your question but if you get slingbox you can stream all of your channels even on cellular .
i did n't like how the twc app was limiting so i got a slingbox and i use that now .
are the owners stopping you from taking your half hour break ?
this is the first i have seen her out side of 4chan recently .
the quality or views of a person or organisation of who supports someone is not a in itself a criticism of that person .
yes and that will happen quite fast eg you can have module failures at 95 .
again not saying any of this as a doomsday predictor or anything .
my big concern is the quickness of his reads .
he spent a lot of time in the pocket and he will have even less in the real games especially against defenses like ari buf mia .
nah not enough evidence better just relax and go on vacation
and lol at xhaka as the only one having a shit-eating grin .
photographer was probably just like ah ... fuck it . ''
it was very sad to see that like 40-50 turned up pic proof http imgur.com/a/wawod even though there was 2k said they will come on fb ... not even the organizer from limerick made it to the protest .
yeah it was a very politically heavy happening but at least they talked about the issues we 're facing .
also fun fact the eu law allows us to get an insurance from another european country but so far i could n't find one who actually would insure me .
it looks like i have to give up on driving in ireland after november
i spent the first week doing my learning lounges and then i really started training myself because the lead did n't train me for shit so i watched and learned from the other people in my dept .
and i had them teach me ... and then black friday came !
i just started reading lumberjanes looking for a good comic to get my niece .
i might have to read all of them you know to check things out first to make sure they 're appropriate .
he 's in the car and is essentially the payload '' for the map .
be attractive and talk to girls thats all it takes to get laid .
michael thomas 's ability and drive make brandon coleman extremely expendable unless coleman suddenly turns it on .
as others mentioned i do n't see him making the final roster .
i 'd be surprised if your cost of driving 90 minutes is only 9 .
but it depends a bit on your gas mileage depreciation total miles driven etc .
even if it 's really 12 then your extra income is used up .
well they have talelented people plus ex-cryengine engineers but they really should n't be trying open heart surgery on a game that 's already in development .
that 's the most least preferable way of doing games development ever .
it took me a second i thought it was one of those big led camera lights ...
woooooh on a enfin trouvé un presque terroriste qui utilise une appli chiffrée au lieu de mobiles prépayés comme tous les précédents !
allez vite on essaie de faire passer une loi ! ''
pcpartpicker part list http uk.pcpartpicker.com/list/pj668k price breakdown by merchant http uk.pcpartpicker.com/list/pj668k/by_merchant
head replacers will do that which dizona does things that replace the body alone should n't .
i think there 's probably a fix for it but i 've never done anything with that .
i think that chris hardwick might have played gern as oddly as he did because he might have felt that he needed to make his few hours as a character in the game stand out .
if the spells in your link are accurate i 'd pick blood magic .
im gon na have to find a bunch of dvd players to give to my friends first .
he 's not that hard to figure out though .
he just says whatever he thinks will generate the most attention at the moment without much regard for what came out of his mouth previously .
it 's actually a beneficial quality for a career grifter and reality tv show clown to cultivate .
but now that he 's running for high office he does n't know how to switch gears .
i tried going through coscto but they said that there are no participating subaru dealers in my area .
they 're at 33,879 for a 2.5i limited w eyesight .
i do n't know why you do n't think they work .
but the most important thing you 're missing here is that the owner of a company bears all of the liability .
if your employer goes bankrupt you get a new job while they are left with all debt and legal culpability .
you do n't know what goes on in the chats .
there are rumblings that this bullshit shadow-ban is driving away long-term members and we are discussing our exit options .
please do n't presume to speak for us when some of us actually care about you and your situation and regularly talk about it .
you are experiencing a transcendent/psychotic break in a very similar way to how some of us did in our lives .
we have been there in very similar ways before and i see you struggling with it .
i feel for you but you undoubtedly will not admit that your experience is n't unique and that other 's might posses insight that you do n't ... so ... whatever i hope you make it through ok .
thanks i did n't catch that when i was editing it .
why did you start smoking in the first place ?
does it really make you happy or does it just make you not care ?
when you stop smoking do you replace that coping mechanism with some other strategy ?
if not then you will go back to what you know works .
do n't get your hopes up it was like this at the beginning of wod too .
i really hope the game continues like this but i 'm skeptical because of previous events .
i loved bjudd 's freya concept but the theme was too norse for my tastes .
i prefer the skins that take a character and send them in a completely different direction than what we 're used to ie an angelic thanatos or futuristic thor .
regardless i 'm sure they 're going to make the voting phase at least so if i do n't you 'll at least have a worthy back-up !
could be wrong but is n't it au '' as in astronomical units ?
i have only played like an hour of this game since tuesday so sorry if this is totally off
in my head it makes sense because its close to tally .
atleast your christians believe in evolution and that the world is n't just 5k years old ... .
if anybody had actual proof of election fraud or at the very least proof of orders to commit election fraud it would be this dead dude
lol when i learned about the softban bypass '' of spinning the pokestop 40 times my bot was having the time of his life flying from santa monica to japan to michigan all day
big show has no rub to give anymore his character has been watered down so much wins and losses do n't matter
and then they tested all individual athletes and let majority back in about 1 week before olympics started
there is literally nothing new they just need people to click for ad money .
we do have our own version of jr in t ross lol
do n't matter where he popped out everybody knows mix-a-lot 's posse 's on broadway https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=dfojaoee3mq .
although his star faded some time ago he 's still a much loved personality in seattle .
i saw him play a christmas show at the showbox market last year .
it was high energy for a bunch of middle-aged people reliving the early 90s .
i like that garnet kept the scream at a certain level she was n't wailing like pearl was
would have been fine if not better without the accent reading
i went through some ... interesting problems when setting one up not long ago so i 'll help if i can .
the first thing to understand is that the networking on this thing is all kinds of weird .
you 're talking about management interfaces if you 're talking about the ones that you setup as management i/fs in idrac then it 's important to note that these interfaces are actually on a completely separate hidden switch fabric which is only accessible from the cmc network interface .
when you plug into the cmc network interface you will be able to ping the cmc and any blades attached and they 'll also try to pickup dhcp from this interface if that 's how you 've set it up not the best idea obv .
the interfaces on the dual 10g nics supposedly can be used for the control interfaces by if i remember using the 'switchport off ' command to denote that the port is non-switching and therefore management .
however i strongly advise that you do not attempt to support a configuration like this we spent a good few weeks on and off trying to get an in-10g management system setup including working with dell support through their webex and in the end it just wasn't worth it .
from how much pain dell had helping us with the setup it 's just not a normal way that this is supposed to work and you 're really close to unsupported configuration '' territory .
we got round this by dropping our management vlan untagged out of the switch onto a 1g interface which we put straight into the cmc port .
then other vlans could go through the 10g interfaces tagged .
i hope that helps otherwise gim me a shout .
also contact dell they do have a networking whitepaper which is kinda misleading in places but a good start and they 've got a guide to the console commands and configuration options for the 2210 switch .
more than likely the person just saw the words surgery '' and animal '' in the title and posted this
it 's pretty obvious when i 'm not wearing one so i could n't imagine forgetting to put one on before going to work or otherwise going out in public .
only exception would be in an emergency situation and even then i 'd still be aware of being braless but likely would n't care .
ya i do n't mind the lowered brightness really .
it 's also weird to me that it 's a power issue as hojin has said as well when there are boards with 120 rgb leds that are much brighter and do n't have any problems .
is it the microcontroller that limits the power throughput ?
60 leds and 16 rgbs ca n't be taking anywhere close to the power of a fullsize rgb board set on full white .
the in-switch rgb leds 4 pin are being powered via pulse width modulation so that they 're only on maybe 15-30 of the time and using a capacitor system to smooth the power draw out .
ws2812b leds like are used on most of these custom keyboards have their own internal driver circuits and ca n't be used with pwm .
their power draw is significantly higher to the tune of 60ma per led at max brightness when displaying white .
finally yes please have player ratings by positions so i know were my youth players play best
may well play 5 or 6 games in a row but just seems to me he 's in a lot of template teams purely cause he 's 7m and spurs
if he was same price as alli and erikson not sure who 'd gave him
i prefer start the season with known quantities then alter rather than 2 or 3 starters not playing and make big changes
at outposts on planets there are pole looking things you can manually save your game at .
that scene where jumps out of the bushes when elliot is in the woods .
i think i 'm more inclined for it to be a premium character like quake
edit because i really think mandarin and crimson dynamo are supposed to come with the makluan zone .
why ca n't people be nazis without tons of tattoos and wallhangings ?
also middle picture looks like a really really good time .
i 'd fuck her even if i had to do it in that bed with that dude watching .
now just put him on the case of curbing car emissions and industrial waste !
and attitudes being passed down like this is why the world will always be at differing levels of shittyness .
people do n't move on from shit that happened which dooms everyone .
i do n't know all of the people i know that watch survivor despised him but i guess he was likable to some
you asked me if i had the right not the means and i showed you that i did have the right to purchase oxycotin .
i would tell you to read a book but you clearly have a learning disability so someone should probably read one to you .
the problem is people are trying to play charge blade the same way as in 4u it 's supposed to play differently .
i went through all of village as adept charge blade and it can be a very fluid weapon .
all of my hunts were sub 10 minutes never carted knocked out monsters like twice a quest it was insane and very very satisfying .
i know things are different for the uber wealthy but safe withdrawal rates are typically between 3 and 4 without dipping into your principal savings .
at even 3 that 's 360 million a year .
if he gave that much to charity annually he 'd still have over 300 million a year to spend and still be worth as much at the start of the year .
52 million is a pretty embarrassing figure given the immense wealth they have .
i thought it 's just a progress bar of that current session '' of mining .
like as soon as i stop mining ... .the progress bar resets .
basically every time you press r1 the progress bar is at 0 but the actual slot can be say 70 full .
maybe it was a good thing that i was forced to ditch en after the 3.0 update after all ...
go midnight and they will have a holy hell of a time tracking you .
scootaloo-i i 'm gon na go wake up everybug else who eats pony food !
she left right before the demons appeared in stormwind after the broken shore .
i am not a woman so maybe there is more shit for them for whatever reason but there is more than enough for men too .
i think the best things i did were to realize it is a fact of life make sure that what i said when i said it and to who i said it were recorded best possible email meeting notes knowledge base update whatever and then use the fact that everyone is lagging to get further ahead research the problem solution get quotes/vendors inline if possible work with the tools/solutions and then when everyone else pulls their heads out of their ass you will be the one coming out ahead ... hopefully .
minecraft vivecraft on the htc vive amazing like he says .
if that 's true the international communist party should take all the maoists stalinists the north korean government and the khmer rouge to court for attributing to their party such horrible unprecedented crimes against humanity .
come to the subcontinent suck at shit whine about wickets being crap .
mitch johnson said something about we played on some pretty poor pitches there and lost '' .
turning pitches are not crap just coz you 're not good at playing on them .
england toured india in 2011/2012 lost the first test after an excellent pujara double i think and then anderson and co bucked up and won the next 2 tests .
steve waugh won the next tour series to india after the epic 2001 one .
he did n't sit and whine about it he achieved his dream of victory on indian soil .
i honestly think that your commentary was really funny .
just a bunch of guys goofing off while playing a really shitty/funny game .
i would say that 9 and a half minutes is a bit long for this type of video but i thought the commentary itself was enjoyable .
i had my audio and youtube player turned all the way up and your commentary was still a little quiet .
i imagine you guys were just in a room with a mic maybe you could snug up close so it picks up more volume or increase the gain post production .
the intro or lack there of was really abrupt .
i think you should definitely have some kind of simple intro of some sort .
i alway enjoy when a video starts with a random funny highlight of the video and then cuts to your intro logo and then the actual video starts playing ...
other than that there is not much more i can think to tell you it was a really simple game i was laughing at how incredibly stupid the game itself was .
keep up the good work and bring up your commentary gain some !
not hst you ass the guy that u/slothonreddit linked .
also if you like hst read his kentucky derby piece .
his book on the hell 's angels is also pretty good but not really gonzo '' yet
my mom does n't know anything about camera so she just shouts words and 's at me and i have to figure it out from there haha .
looks like they already posted on there that it wo n't fit the d7000 anyways .
whitebeard can be a great captain in his own right against certain content or be a great sub for lucci .
if the stores that are submitted here are indication yes .
it 's just one conspiracy theory after another around here .
peter molyneux has a long career in game development and has worked on and lead many successful projects .
apparently the file is infected with a trojan win32/maltule.c ! cl one of our readers put a comment on the post .
i contacted them so they can have some explanation .
for now wait and see the answer i 'll get from extrasphere .
could be a couple stores that dropped it could also be the region 's distributor .
have to ask and keep going up the chain if you do n't get answers .
https vimeo.com/3554852 that 's the official music video they recorded live '' audio for it .
its kind of like a taped rehearsal since there 's no audience .
nah but your mom did when she was on all fours last night .
i think the slime rancher thing was a joke based on the game slime rancher
force muslim or people with skin conditions or just those that do n't want to show everyone their body for what ever reason not to go to the beach .
i was at the beach today and saw a muslim family and a sikh family both had female members wearing these why the fuck should i have a problem with it ?
i do n't even think the sikh religion has any rules on this and only some of the women were wearing them others just swimsuits .
both looked to be having great fun and i 'm pretty sure if you pulled those women aside and forced them to wear a bikini they would be very uncomfortable and not be laughing and screeching playing in the sea .
i do n't get beaten for getting out my tackle in public man showers .
force me to and i no longer go to that establishment thank you .
culturally i do n't want other men seeing my nob in a public setting .
start ripping the clothes of girls who dare touch the water in clothing that is n't revealing enough ?
lost led me to believe that dynamite will explode if you breathe on it i was very disappointed .
actually that 's a good point i do think that the ult charge speed should be really reduced it 's a bit op .
but one of the devs also said that discord orb is probably being nerfed soon so maybe winston can be a good counter again .
if you 're turning left you turn into the closest lane meaning you only have to worry about one lane of traffic the lane you 're turning into .
the people across from you can only turn right on red and they too turn into the closest lane which unless it 's a one lane road is not the same lane that you 're turning into .
the red light is to stop you from driving straight across the intersection where you 'd have to cross multiple lanes of traffic .
i 've made a nice diagram http i.imgur.com/m74o0kq.png to show what i 'm talking about .
you could add as many lanes as you want into the middle of the one-way street and it would n't change anything .
they promised us regular flights starting in 2007 iirr but they found out what some people already knew that flying into space is much harder than they thought .
a few companies are trying to develop reusable boosters and capsules and spacex has successfully landed a few of their boosters after launch .
but afaik they do n't talk about their turnaround procedures so we do n't know how much work and money it really takes to get one of their craft back up again .
elon musk is somewhat infamous for quoting much lower pricetags for his ventures that seems realistic .
high-energy machinery like rocket motors takes a lot of wear and tear in use and no matter what you build them out of they are going to be high-maintenance items .
metrotown has an arcade they 're open until 9 .
there 's a comicbook store called golden age on granville if you 're into that .
i have not had trouble parking in vancouver but i do n't think you can really guarantee safety .
do n't leave valuables in the open blah blah blah .
take a look on googlemaps use streetview and check the signs .
also you can ask the r/van facebook group too .
is the global story only done on normal and thats it ?
you actually have to know what you 're doing .
hours of work and preparation went into this photograph .
i planned the location of the photo down to the mile .
the article talks about my access to cape canaveral air force station to photograph launches as a credentialed media member .
very rarely are there minors working for accredited media outlets that cover launches as i do .
i would really appreciate if you guys checked out my video and channel .
feel free to leave any feedback for me so that i can improve on future content .
during the old republic era there were sith who while still sith and powered by hate and fear and all that good stuff we 're generally nice people and patient which are usually light side '' attributes .
sometimes they did a better job of being light side while being sith which is ironic .
and these sith still served the empire at the time with as much loyalty as any other imperial servant .
no seriously light side sith '' from the old republic mmo are weird to think about but i had fun playing one of them what do you guys think about them in-canon and stuff .
is calling them light side '' just a gameplay mechanic misdemeanor ?
hi guys next month i 'm moving out of my flat to live with two of my friends and right now i 'm connected to internet through cable but in my next appartment i wo n't be able to do so the box wo n't be in my room .
can you guys suggest a good/viable solution through a wifi device or something else ?
i have a computer running win10 with an intel i5-4440 3.10ghz 8go of ram but i do n't really know what my motherboard is .
so i just unlocked the frenzy ability at level 86 strength and it does n't seem to exist .
there are n't any quest requirements and it does not show up in my abilities .
a recreation of the rx-78-02 gundam from gundam the origin manga .
the rx-78-02 is armed as seen in the manga and allows for variable armaments as expected from the series .
with an led system in the head for effect the origin gundam is one of cian 's prized customs .
i ordered the op3 graphite on aug 1 and saw the estimated shipping was 4 weeks but today got a notice that it shipped and will arrive aug 15 .
so glad i did n't cancel my order and settle for the gold !
transmission to non lyr cmdrs some of our employees this cycle have taken it upon themselves to expand a new system .
unforunately they did n't do the math very well and it 's not profitable for us to make the move .
rest assured when we find out who has undertaken this work we will be dismissing them for gross misconduct probably out of an airlock .
i once dreamt of a dozen blind men groping round a huge zen elephant .
one was holding on to the tail and claiming it 's a rope .
one was holding on to the leg and claiming it 's a tree .
i wanted to shout to them that it 's an elephant !
i was so excited by my realisation that i ran straight to the room beside mine and rapped on the door .
and it was at that moment i realised i do n't have a sister .
i can never good a good glimpse of the label
firstly even though i specify window.setstage scene it still launches on scene2 .
secondly when i press button 1 it prints out button 2 was pressed and doesnt change the scene .
now i will just have to figure out how to arrange the labels
i want to start playing from lone druid but some problems are preventing me from doing that .
1 which lineup does ld compliment and which lineup does ld counter ?
in which situation should i not pick lone druid ?
does he work well against the common pubstomp heroes pa ursa huskar etc .
i know that he is supposed to go offlane but that does n't really matter at my skill bracket .
alliance.admiraldulldog goes mid when he plays in pubs is this viable ?
3 itemisation what should my general build be like ?
should i go phase boots bear oov bear boots ld radiance bear vlad 's hero bot hero mjollnir bear manta hero abyssal bear ?
i have a question about manta why does n't anyone get it ?
it gives you ms so the ms debuff from ult gets negated .
it can help you remove silences so that you can escape with your third ability .
i read that if my farm is n't going well i should buy a maelstrom before radiance is this ok ?
after what items should i get agh 's and start splitpushing with my bear ?
because i tried that in a bot match and i just fell 'weak ' without my bear .
am i powerful enough to fight people after i 've got radiance ?
a lot of you talk about pre-k and daycare and i ca n't really get my head around your system .
here in new zealand kids start school at 5 years .
befor that is daycare or kindergarten where parents are volunteers .
also the some thing like the dab '' dance is also there
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
also feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score so people can compare .
if six months have passed when junko enoshima arrived then why did she knew about what happened to the incident in reserve course ?
incident when natsumi and sato got killed and knew what really happened in that incident who really killed sato .
there are signs in chapter 2 danganronpa 2 game when she used it as a motive .
if the danganronpa/zero characters will make a cameo in upcoming episodes i hope the hope 's peak elementary characters does to .
i wan na see monaca and kotoko prior to tragedy .
i have no friends who would ever want to go stay up late on saturday watching video games lol
as far as english custom maid communities go there 's hongfire 4chan 's 8ch 's anime-sharing and a few others .
then there 's this place that popped up a few days ago .
i 'm kind of curious as to how it 'll develop though i know ultimately that 'll be up to its community .
i wonder though ... what 's particularly lacking in other communities that could be included in this one ?
if there 's one thing that i think that 's missing it 's indepth guides .
custom maid 3d 2 's been out for an entire year now and most of what 's available is very piecemeal and in some cases based on guesses .
i would n't mind providing some more indepth ones just anything to save people 's time .
for example on the multi tool i have a cool down sigma 1 or whatever it is called does the effect stack if i build a cool down sigma 3 and add that to the multi ?
today we did a5s and i learned that when i do the repelling shot usuually is fine but it put in circle button and then sparks happen and we die ! ! !
i 'm preparing the step1 as an italian medical student at the 4th/5th year of university naples .
i have no idea where to start and what to do need help .
hi guys im new to the game and im loving it however im a bit of a noob and was wondering where do i actually go in order to sell resources or items i find in the world ?
google translate has helped me for the most part but i want to be super sure on what they 're telling me here .
can some one give me a picture or details of her set up im not too sure how good this character is in dungeons
just knowing that the mouse is hiding in the middle of the screen bothers me .
scroll down to picture displaying products 1 laser mouse 2.qualper laser phone
laser pico projector similar to ltv picobit 4.basic plug and project unit
just did this deadly mission where i went for the enemy idol and thought i 'd share it with you guys .
i never post on reddit before but i need advice on trial of ascension .
i 'm stuck on toa 100 and i would really like to get the legendary scroll .
this is my first time i ever got to toa 100 and i spend over 500 energy on toa 100 and go nothing to show for it .
there are some team that got me to the boss .
however i can not kill both of her split fast enough before she fusion back .
i read through several guide about the boss and i kinda understand the basic mechanic but i do n't have the monster that people are suggesting in the guide or i do but i do n't have the right rune .
i am able to do gb10 for while now .
so i do n't have any good set of violent rune .
i was wondering if is it impossible for me to do toa 100 before the reset .
if anybody could give me team that would higher chance of succeeding with my current monster .
if somebody could help me i will really be appreciated .
not sure if this is the right sub or if i should post in r/garmin etc..
i 'm having issues with my vivosmart hr entering do not disturb mode even after i applied the lock screen feature with the two-step unlock .
is there a way to disengage this feature all together ?
i have the connect app on my iphone and can not seem to find a way to turn it off .
i work in an environment where i rely on being able to look at my wrist for pertinent info from my phone as it is unacceptable to actually pull out my phone and this feature seems to mess me up frequently .
xabrux and his pilot grimaced floating low above the surface of yavin 8 slower than they would like allowing for the heat of the engines to clear the mist giving them a clear view of the ground .
just because they could n't see anyone or thing did n't mean they were equally well hidden .
their ship left a wake of clear ground tendrils of mist lapping back to cover it up as they floated low looking for flat ground their nerves raising .
finally they came across a flat clearing and the pilot took the ship down .
no one moved while one of xabrux 's guards inspected security read-outs .
when he gave the okay xabrux let the breath he 'd been holding out of his nose .
he knew that those security systems in these conditions with the types you 'd find around here were no guarantee .
he rifled through his small armory and equipped himself with a beam-deflector vest a clip on first aid kit a blast rifle and a small corellian make pistol hidden by his ankle .
he hoped he would n't have to use them .
the mandalorian was carrying significantly more weaponry and of a more intimidating nature .
xabrux motioned towards a hologram of the moon 's surface .
the pilot made some calculations reading figures off of a datapad .
he was pointing at a valley not far from their destination .
strategic entry points to the castle are here '' he pointed at the hologram and here .
he was far more comfortable with this mission than xabrux who sighed in response .
from the valley 's floor they could see the very tip of the castle .
a cloud of mist kept visibility to a radius of fifty feet .
low ground no visibility and heading towards a castle that has n't been entered in centuries .
after an hour of uninterrupted hiking the pair came upon the path into the castle where they paused eyes wide open .
the entrance to the castle one of many a side door almost went unnoticed .
vines and rubble covered the entrance disguising it as a natural crevice in the rock but a minute of excavation revealed a wide doorway .
xabrux was immediately hit by a heavy musk the smell of dirt stone rotting wood and something more subtle lingering underneath .
the pair skulked through the tunnels and halls eyes everywhere ready to defend .
the holocrons were likely to be in the library or the vault beneath it .
either way they were too far for xabrux 's comfort and that was assuming their map was correct and they would not get lost or their path obfuscated .
as they found their way further into the castle glints of sunlight entering from somewhere unseen xabrux recognized the subtle smell .
even with his mask on it was apparent he 'd detected it too .
i 'm going to scout out a few paces ahead .
hold for fifteen seconds and then follow '' the mandalorian said .
xabrux excused the breach of protocol in the interest of his own safety .
he waited until the mandalorian was just a small chromium-blue figure at the end of the hall before he crept after him .
xabrux 's breath caught and before he released it the whole ceiling caved in .
the stones formed a solid wall between xabrux and his guard .
luckily xabrux was on the side that led back out .
he turned the way he came and walked to the end of the hallway where it forked .
thought it was going to be end of july ?
the tacos get progressively hotter each week for a month .
we 're only in week 2 and the bottle rocket shrimp taco was at the very high end of blazing hot but still enjoyable .
we 're here in piestany slovakia for grape festival which started off yesterday .
i believe this is just the second time that bloc has had a chance to play in slovakia for a tour .
great to see them back to slovakia and be invited for headlining honour at grape festival ! !
so hope we 're having fun at grape festival and ready to rock cause bloc party will be playing tonight !
righto so first up i 'd like to apologise because i 'm sure lots of these have been answered before but screw searching through reddit for 17 quadrillion hours .
if you 're a townie especially a mayor is it considered gamethrowing if they forcefully lynch people with no evidence ?
i 'm pretty sure this comes under the player being bad at the game not knowing statistics and all but just to be sure .
second one 's a unique case had a guy that 420 rekt the dead chat with spam but no-one else was dead .
it 's not impeding anyone else 's gameplay but it 's still spamming thoughts ?
thirdly i 've gotten a lot of reports of people who do n't speak english .
is it against the rules to not be able to speak english ?
it seems like it 'd be extremely impractical for gameplay and a nuisance but it 's kinda racist and sad to ban them from playing for it .
lastly we have another spamming question how much spamming is too much spamming ?
this guy said no '' to every question asked in chat only once at a time though and did n't really seem to harmful .
he did say it like 30 times though and lied as a town member due to doing this .
soz for it being super long but any help is appreciated thx fam .
just wondering if there are any decent apps to help athiests talk to others about atheism ?
a plot of all the spawn locations of vulpix at the millenium park nest over 24 hours .
please note to be absolutely clear this does not indicate how many are up at any given time just shows the location of all that spawned over 24 hrs .
i usually find between 2-4 per pass best ever was 6 .
1 stattrak™ p250 splash field-tested http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198166627980/inventory 730_2_7158916485 0.17801332473755 http csgo.exchange/item/7158916485 sticker have fun http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c have fun 3
the best example i can come up with is here on reddit .
when you go to a user 's profile page the html css is the same as any other user 's page .
i 'd like to replicate this practice of using a template as the base of a page and then having other means fill the content in .
also when you navigate to a user 's page you type u/xxx .
i 'm sure the specific info is proprietary but if this type of folder structure is used on a server would 'u ' be a folder full of every single user 's .html profile or would it be more practical to make only a template page and by other means fill in user info .
hey i know this is n't the normal post or anything i just want to thank the community for being so incredible .
i was in a game with 5 other people and the stress got to me having a horrid week but i 'd rather not get into it and i broke down and cried and basically could n't help it for the entire game .
i played horribly and caused our team to lose 3 to 16 but they did nothing but help me and gave good calls and consoled me .
i was doing a japanese campaign and had a german luxembourg and spain campaign .
my friend and i got 12 week to program a new fully functional binding of isaac-ish game.. we both dont have any experience making a game before.. any tips or advice on how i can learn or any tutorial vids will be a great help.. thanks in advance !
so last week i went out for 5 nights not in a row and opened with a few girls in clubs and bars and got rejected multiple times and thought that i was ok with that .
but tonight when i went out i realized i was way more hesitant to open with girls because what happened last week springs into my head almost immediately .
it got so bad to the point where i was unable to even say hi anymore while sober to a random girl at the club/bar .
also there were odd groups or girls by themselves that laughed or tried to put me down on the nights that i went out last week .
that is what hurt me the most i think .
i want to snap my frame and state back i just do n't know how without getting shit faced .
how do i overcome this feeling of hopelessness and start to open without feeling like i 'm going to fail before i even do it..
so first i want to say that a couple days ago i was looking for ways to get better fps when playing the game rust .
i came across something that said unparking my cores might help and i downloaded a program that did this for me .
after doing that rust seemed to run a little better but i was thinking this might have had something to do with what i 'm about to describe .
last night i was watching a stream nothing that i would think was very intensive really and i suddenly smelled this electrical burning smell .
after looking around a bit i discovered it was coming from my pc .
i turned it off immediately and tried to figure out where exactly the smell was coming from .
i 'm not great with computer hardware stuff so all i could really tell is that it was coming from the back .
i waited a few minutes and tried turning it back on .
all that happens is the lights come on and the fans spin for like a second at most then everything is off again .
i 've tried starting it up multiple times now and that is always what happens .
judging by where the smell was coming from i 'm kind of thinking either my power supply or video card went out but i 'm not sure .
do these symptoms sound to you guys like that is maybe what happened ?
can not find my two external hard drives connected via usb .
under other locations '' i only see my computer as an option .
i was just reading an article about multi-threading and i 'm not familiar with about 75 of the terms they 're using and ideas they 're trying to express .
where can i learn about this in a c-like way ?
aka no classes or templates or any of that nonsense .
edit i forgot to mention this but i 'm not trying to learn how gcd or pthreads or whatever else does it i 'm trying to learn the basics .
i need cacturne for my pokedex but i will add anyone
after the ban wave i decided to make a new fresh account to bot on today .
sorted everything out to try and make it look legit by putting default coordinates in my city in a lure hotspot and setting the walking speed to 5kmh .
for a few hours the bot was running perfectly smoothly .
made it to level 21 but now i ca n't loot any pokestops and i 'm hardly catching any pokemon it only seems to be catching lured pokemon at pokestops .
i 'm guessing this is some sort of ban .
edit 2 woke up today and decided to try and see if i was unbanned .
logged in to necrobot and everything is now working fine so it seems to be a temporary ban .
hey r/fireteams i 'm looking for some help on the exotic quest .
i can return the favor or help with anything else after .
hi guys me and my crush yup my crush and my childhood friend are looking for a game we played on pc about 10-11 years ago .
i will try to describe it as minute as possible the main character was an animal with 2 legs i do n't remember what it was and its main quest was to kill other animals like ostrich woodpecker and even dinosaur i remember one detail about the ostriches which they can create trap by their poop yeah poop we would get stuck if step on them by pushing rocks boulders tyres and stoves apparently .
if you push the rocks into a dead-end/corner you can crunch the rocks .
after killing all the animals we could pass to the next round .
also the design looked like those bomberman series but in 2d and with top-down perspective
please help me i might get a gaming date with her if i found this game .
p/s i have checked dig dug boulder dash cave dig 3 dig dug deeper motteke tamago trog and they 're not the game i 'm looking for .
i really want to dye my hair in an ombre mostly because i dont want to touch my roots .
i have black hair that goes down to my armpits .
how white should i bleach it in order to achieve this ombre and what kind of dye would you recommend ?
from r/teamsolomid to r/cloud9 good luck today and may we meet in toronto for one great final !
it 's frustrating for me to watch teams like atletico and dortmund a few years ago do well in the cl .
am i wrong to think that they do n't really have much more resources than we do ?
simeone will spend big occasionally but usually seems to follow wenger 's principles of buying great value players .
as a fan of wenger it 's tough to understand why we continue to perform so poorly in europe .
it 's great to always make it into the champions league but it 's hard to keep my expectations high year after year against the best of europe when we have clear holes in our squad .
i would genuinely like to hear your guys thoughts on this .
and maybe you can convince me why this year might be different ...
when i upgraded my ship a second time 4 crew members the panel which allows me to accept missions and check on crewmembers is gone .
i have a couple of mods installed including the avali mod .
if anyone have any ideas as to why this happened please let me know .
i dont likecase cs go vanilla keys or e-sports keys
wake and bake with the best group on kik !
message me with your age and kik id for an invite !
how does one get access to premier league matches online without having to get with optus i refuse on principle also their service is shite in my area .
does anyone know of any streaming sites that show all the games ?
i am trying to become one of the better 76s on pc because he is my main .
i 'm currently on the 92nd percentile when it comes to kd but is that the stat i want to be looking at ?
i 'm happy we had so much interest in a fantasy league .
i think this will be a lot of fun .
once you have saved a team you can join the league .
make your user name your reddit name so we know who is who .
edit the first league filled up quickly 20 players max so we are going to have a second league .
this way we can all still play and compare stats and standings and shit
hey r/vegas i 'm a local born and raised here in vegas i 'm turning 21 in three days and i do n't really have any ideas of what to do .
can someone please tell me what 's in my safari ?
i 'm looking to make the leap into modern with a budget version of naya zoo .
biggest notable cards i ca n't afford are the goyfs and goblin guides but i hope to work around them for now with loam lions and swiftspears .
just looking for tips on cards to help work around my missing notables and to round out my sideboard .
my sideboard is ripped entirely out of sideboards found on similar decks on mtgtop8.com
ruling party official kidnapped killed in turkey 's southeast by pkk https reddit.com//r/europe/comments/4xjafb
it was a winter day in the southern colonial senate after receiving demands for taxation by the sholah .
an angry counselor raises the letter in the air inside the government hall .
yet another demand from a thousand leagues away '' says the counselor and tell me why ?
we worship and please the gods ourselves we can keep the wealth taken by them for us !
the senate begins to mutter with one another until a man in the back row stands what if they see this has treason we could be killed ! ''
he says others laugh thinking how preposterous it is that a far away land would contend with the mighty city state .
we will merely be under muratviyan boots if we stay this way we can forge our own destiny !
the centre man rebuttals with the senate stands in applause and agree on plans for independence .
the senate hired a levy to begin the purging of traitors to their new lands .
they were exiled back to vinoz and never to return .
word of this spread fast but first to the northern colonies who saw this as an opportunity to also seize power of their own .
the three colonies became the three city states if their own lead by a small senate of men formed in the cities .
when word reached the sholah 's ears he was in shock .
the once colonies which he helped become great stab him in the back he decided military intervention was the only course and the muratviyan fleet set sail to restore order .
months pass the colonies hear nothing from the mainland and are worried of retaliation .
they prepare for retaliation hiring mercenaries and levies building ships and defenses .
a yugian fishing ship is making ends meet as the muratviyans come hundreds of vessels .
he flees to the shore to raise the alarm and soon the city prepares to test its new navy sparring no expense in their mercenary fleet .
the leaders send a small ship to warn the other city states of the imminent attack .
the yugians come to meet the muratviyans not far from their harbour in the near open ocean .
their morale is strong and are not ready to give up their new home the leaders speak of rape and pillaging if they fail to hold them back and the men get into a frenzy .
the muratviyans are lead by admiral elites he begins the battle with an open formation and a skirmishing raining arrows onto the unlucky souls on the top decks .
the rain continues as the ships make their way closer to the yugians who soon return the favour .
the men soon grab aspis ' to shield the arrows and then a calm hits the anarchy a large scream is heard on both sides draw swords ! ''
the vanguards soon meet and shouts are heard by one another their intimidating muratviyan shouts bellow across the water and then a tenacious man from yugia pounces on the enemy once is crashes .
the men soon swing swords and thrash their swears at one another the chaos if ships in the centre grows and soon ships become planks to fight against one another .
the muratviyan admits calls for an encirclement by the flanks by soon they are hit by the enemy flanks the rams breach one another 's ships and soon the sea takes muratviyan and yugian alike .
hours of carnage pass not clear who as the upper hand ships and men smash and fall into the waves .
leaders are weary whether to retreat as it would be certain destruction .
the sea begins to fill with blood and the shore starts to fill with with the destruction in its wake .
brother against brother and it ended in the largest slaughter in muratviya 's history .
the next day the admiral of muratviya stands on his ship to see the wreckage he was victorious but it was phyrric .
he had no where nearly enough men to continue the assault and so he returned to the sholah .
as the admiral walks to the palaces he feels his heart pound in fear of what is to become of him .
he walks into the sholah 's court to tell him the news .
he says the sholah gets up to prepare a response but he is cut by the admiral .
but ... i could not restore the colonies to order .
they were too fierce in the naval engagement they had mercenaries to bolster the numbers .
we did all we could by i had n't the men or supply to begin a siege . ''
he says stuttering here and there he then bows in forgiveness .
the sholah goes to helping back straight you did what you could hopefully they suffered enough to begin asking for terms . ''
the sholah says then soon summoning his council on muratviya 's plan of action .
the muratviyans sent emissaries to the colonies some with warmer welcomes than others .
nonetheless the all wanted peace to begin and trade to continue the points if the meetings were discussed the three colonies were recognised by the sholah as their own independent city-states .
trade would continue as usual and they would continue to be treated as cultural brothers .
the northern colonies were keen on this with offers of even more trade talks .
yugia was still bitter accepting the peace and trade and ordering the emissary to leave .
the oligarchical leaders of the the city states and the sholah announced the end of the war the great muratviyan war is finally over .
the sholah the began talks with his council much was to be done in order to secure the home island he does not know how deep this treachery goes .
he begins a massive rebuilding of the navy and rearming of the men he knows war will return .
i recently got back into the game and subscribed .
i finished sith warrior 's story and i was pleased .
now i want to go back to my first character love the inquisitor
what 's in your opinion the most fitting species for the class ?
i plan to do a little bit of everything pvp solo pve
monster hunter is not something i enjoy but that 's mostly because it feels so clunky and i kinda suck at it .
after searching info about custom skins for a couple of hours i might be able to make bartender singed into an actual skin you can use in game .
let 's just hope everything goes smoothly and according to plan ...
i 've taken singed 's model and modified it a bit already !
bottles pockets belts buttons and all that fancy stuff .
if people seem interested i could do posts like this one to show my progress .
usually when i look at my bank account in the 2nd or 3rd week and see that i 'm below 500 i would freak out and ask myself how am i going to survive the next 2-3 weeks of the month ? ''
now that i 've been using nynab i know exactly how i 'm going to survive and still have cash left over for next month !
giving every dollar a job has really calmed my nerves as i tackle my debts and get back on my feet !
mine would probably be fallout fast and furious pitch perfect ratchet and clank and nintendo .
edit here 's more ideas i have independence day despicable me mrbean and hunger games
all lvl 80 with lvl 6 or 7 abilities that mattered .
i even fucked up on stage 3 by debuffing everyone and lobot healed everyone .
focus fire the emperor on stage 5 and it 's easy peasy if he remains offense downed ability blocked and stunned
the rest was just whatever leftover garbage mods made sense .
to sum up the situation of some favelas in brazil they 're spontaneous tries of independent communities .
of course they 're not very sophisticated as the people mostly lack basic education also i do n't think it would fair to call them anarcho-capitalists with a very primitive level of intellect as they do have leaders like narcotics kingpins .
nevertheless their market used to to have a certain level of independence from the state as the market is relatively underground and their own kingpins have more autonomy on such communities than politicians and national guards with the obvious exception of politicians and officers involved with them .
in the late years things began to change progressively some would argue that very slowly and flawled to make these people more civilized and bring them closer to the state 's law and what their government did was to install the unidades de polícia pacificadora '' pacifying police unit .
my question here is if you were living in those communities would you prefer to keep the black market operating away from the state authorities but dealing with all the violence or to see the level of violence slowly decrease while your community gets more attached with the state ?
i must mention that a little ironically there are communists against those units as the officers deliberately use violence against some people from those communities in order to make them supposedly more secure .
it is also important to mention that some of these communists are organized with the party that governed brazil for 13 years .
for the last two weeks 'photos agent ' has been running on my macbook pro nonstop .
my machine is constantly hot and has terrible battery life as a result .
i 've searched online and the only solution i keep finding is to disable photos in icloud 's settings .
but i 've already done that and nothing changed .
i also go to activity monitor and force quit the processes 'photolibraryd ' which is currently using 86.5 cpu and 'photoanalysisd ' .
edit i got nearly 5000 karma from literal shitposting thanks reddit we did it
i have tried to read a lot of books and tutorials which contained words category theory '' in title but none of them seems to satisfy two simple conditions
for me math is a tool therefore any book that does n't teach me how to better design of my programs with ct is worthless
surprising number of tutorials for ct contain only long winded explanation why hask is category and both functor with monad are stealed from ct into haskell .
i already understand monads so these exaplanations only useful as base for proofs in ct based on definition of category functor and monad
so i 'd like a sanity check on a science fiction concept i 've cooked up .
the concept is meant to address a specific problem which is that i 'd like to a make a setting far enough in the future that modern day ideologies/nationalities/etc are faded away or vestigial and b still plausibly contains a recognizable and relatable humanity .
the biggest obstacle i can see to this goal is advanced machine intelligence particularly radically inhuman agi artificial general intelligence and mass production of digital human brain emulations .
the solution i 've come up with for this problem is to posit a s-f'nal concept of the soul .
this soul does n't really bear much resemblance to any religious views in that this soul does n't contain any of a person 's thought personality or memories .
it also can not exist independently of a body as it is some kind of distinct process/structure within the brain .
its sole purpose is to act as a sort of consciousness key '' being an identifier for separation and continuity of consciousness .
only a single instance of a unique soul can physically exist in the universe at a time even if it 's only in storage rather than actively running '' .
attempts to create more than one instance of a soul at a time will cause random fluctuations in the second soul creating an entirely new soul .
deviating significantly in brain/thought structure from human as in all the possible formations of an unmodified human brain can also result in a new soul and the destruction of the old one or an intelligence without a soul entirely causing it to lack sentience .
in this setting persons a exists as a distinct conscious intelligences because they possess their own unique soul which develops at a young age and persists through their life even through unconsciousness and certain kinds of brain damage and is destroyed after their brain death .
if one were to reconstruct a perfect copy of person a 's soul after their death then that would literally be them or at least the recipient of their subjective experience depending on your views on identity though they would n't necessarily possess their old memories personality etc .
i believe this concept of a soul addresses or at least mitigates the problem of advanced machine intelligence leading to an incomprehensible setting for a few reasons .
assuming that agis are based on human brain architecture closely enough to possess a soul or possess one without mimicking the rest of the human brain i would expect that they 'd be hesitant to self-modify beyond a certain point for fear of destroying their own soul .
this of course requires said agis to fear death which is n't necessarily the case .
people might also be more resistant toward the mass production and deletion of human brain emulations as each would be a distinct consciousness and so would have strong reasons to fear deletion as personal death be unbound by the contracts of the soul they were copied from and might view other copies of the same person as competition rather than as fellow members of a clade .
these arguments rely on certain social attitudes being present though i think that they 'd be natural outgrowths from knowledge of the soul 's existence as it exists in the setting anyways .
please point out if anything in this explanation is unclear .
as mentioned above i would prefer criticism about whether this concept is effective in addressing the issue it 's meant to over criticism on its scientific validity though by all means give that too .
suggestions for alternative solutions would also be appreciated such as an argument that conditions a and b are not necessarily opposed in the first place .
my god he looks like a homeless guy who was doing heroin in an alley and they slapped a jersey on him
this is the coffee standard yet i have n't had one that 's completely blown me out of the water .
maybe it was sidamo from bee in indianapolis that i loved and a kenya alimu from halfwit in chicago that i liked a lot too .
i 've also enjoyed the tanzanian peaberry from hero in chicago too .
can someone please find me the video when a player trues to run down snake gets shot out then throw a tantrum so snake bonus balls him to shut him up
when it procs what visually happens to your character ?
is it like the dread warrior 's enrsged if so does it stack ?
is it possible to rename your character on pc specifically the gog version ?
i 'm assuming this feature just uses the ps4/steam account name in other versions .
i am trying to open up some space in my closet and most of the clothing i am selling in this post are far too large for me so they are mostly unworn except a few maybe once or twice .
i am open to swaps for items that actually fit so just link your album to me !
otherwise i prefer paypal f f and will send via usps with tracking number shipping is not included but i will try to be as reasonable as possible .
if you buy multiple items and would like a deal just ask me !
super cute when i bought it off ebay but then it was huge on me and i usually fit most xs clothing from old navy .
the deep v goes down a little too far on me and the sleeves are far too long but otherwise i absolutely love this dress .
sleeves are sheer but the rest of dress is lined .
purchased a few years ago from alloy.com and have only worn it twice .
5 s black white print casual dress with cutout back http imgur.com/a/yfyc3
super comfy and i love the print but again too big for me !
i absolutely adore the print of the dress but it 's extremely large on me .
super cute i just have no where to wear it to !
5 s textured white sleeveless dress with front zipper detail http imgur.com/a/ml9oa
a little too big for me in the straps and around the waist never worn .
just an fyi i am 5'2.5 '' tall less than 100lbs
my measurements are 30b/20in waist/34in at widest part of hips
so i drew these at 4 in the morning .
i meant to post it here not my servers sub .
also sorry for the vs one being sideways i 'm new to imgur
resist the devil and he will flee from you .
submission to god obeying his word and instructions is heeding the will and mandate of christ .
obedience to god leads to blessings and it honors the lord and thus the reverse is also true where disregarding what the word of god teaches will open the life to the will of the enemy .
the devil only flees from those who are standing behind the protection of god using the scriptures as your protection and ultimate defense wards off the attacks of darkness .
but disregarding the commandments of christ leaves you outside the will of god standing on your own ideology and using your own words your own thoughts you own actions against the wiles of the devil and his flaming arrows .
submit to the word of god heed what it says and you will be able to safely and completely resist all that the enemy tries to throw your way .
2timothy 3:16-17 all scripture is given by inspiration of god and is profitable for doctrine for reproof for correction for instruction in righteousness that the man of god may be perfect throughly furnished unto all good works .
to be perfect is to completely surrender to god in mind body and soul .
give yourself to his will and you will find complete peace and safety in the hand of god .
the armour of god only works when it is all put on and only full obedience and acknowledgement of god being supreme in your life can do that .
his protection his wisdom his knowledge his power can not be contained or denied and we must surrender to it through submission and acceptance of him as our god and saviour .
james 2:19 thou believest that there is one god thou doest well the devils also believe and tremble .
the enemy knows god 's power they fear it and hate it .
they tremble at the thought of it and the power of god is the only thing that can keep the enemy at bay .
i was born in the us to an american mom and a canadian dad .
i have an old expired canadian passport and a old canadian citizenship card .
my husband is an american and my kids were born in florida .
if they are canadians does anyone know the steps i need to register them ?
month ago i had some pricechecks around 250-310 keys .
sorry for bad english italy sucks with foreign languages !
anyway i really love playing support roles in every game i play..and dota is no exception !
so yeah give me all the tips tricks to be a good support player !
these tips should be useful at all levels of play .
since i would really like breaking the 6k mmr as to say get to it and past it .
i 'm not near that level sorry for the confusion every bit of info and tactics is more than apreciated !
if you have a youtube video/channel that has good support tips etc feel free to link it !
same with pros if you know a youtube channel of a pro that plays support..link it
if you know guides etc link them as well every bit of help counts !
if you have tips on specific heroes go ahead !
this post could potentially help other people so a friendly attitude would be best
touno hifumi was summoned to another world to be a hero for a kingdom .
unbeknownst to the summoners he 's a kill-happy person who restrained his killer instincts with martial arts .
upon arrival he slaughter various knights and the mastermind of the event the king .
unwilling to oppose this strong killer the princess let him go free .
thus start the fun life of travelling the world unrestrainedly killing any who attempts to kill him .
but first let 's purchase a pair of female slaves .
hey just wondering what is a safe way to build my assassin as im pretty new to the game any tips are useful
option 1 no more pork beef lamb deer etc .
even the use of broth will trigger an allergic reaction .
option 2 you will have puffy eyes and difficulty breathing and antihistamines are only somewhat effective you will experience the symptoms at least once a day or twice every 3 days .
your only relief is in the winter where you will be free of the allergies
there are so many of his shirts on every show .
i wonder if his shirt is the best selling of all .
does someone know if there is a statistic about that ?
i know i read somewhere that he was the 4th best merch seller in 2015 eventhough his shirt design was n't as great as the one now is .
i have spent a little on clash royale bought princess miner log and lumberjack with gold from the store
but i also got 2 sparky and a ice mage from the crown chest and 1 lava from magical chest .
and after all of this i can say they are just cards clash royale is a strategy game so if you dont have the skill ... go play another game ! !
they both should be compatible on 9.3.3 but cydia states them as incompatible and does n't let me download either of them
hello guys i joined ffrk a year ago but has been up a down quite a few times but i have been serious with the game since ff7 vincent event .
around that time i have had troubles with elite battles due to lacking of skills honed and weak characters unprepared and lack of knowledge with all the sbs i have at that time .
but thanks to veterans help and guiding i have surpassed most of the elites since the 3rd events before the current ff9 .
as i feel comfortably doing the elites except the fight with the guy in the previous ff5 event where we need a mage team and i only main physical team and with the average requirement 3 and 4 skills with enough honed except some of the busters celerity other classes skill like ninja bard etc .
i have begin making some of the first need 5 skills thanks to the orbfest .
my first 5 skills after first day of orbfest is full break r1 and bahamut r1 .
i 'm still continuing farming for more major ice orbs for the 2nd rank of full break .
and will continue for the next phases to create saint 's cross and other skills .
and this lead me want to challenge the first ultimate difficult before i have more confident with ultimate .
beside maximum the levels of my a-team having full break and other honed skills .
will i survive the u even though if i do n't have the gears synergy ?
what else do i need in order to brings out more damage ?
i feel desperate when even though hitting the weakness the dps still only came out as 2k-3k .
my tyro with gears synergy and using ga spells still only hitting 3k as maximum
any more specific requirements or tips for the u ?
https www.ffrkcentral.com/profile/fgr6 i just got celes 's ssb galuf 's ssb and garbet 's bsb from the summer pulled and i planned to use celes from now on galuf for ffv event .
gilgamesh or lightning for his sb+dps or lightning for her spellblade .
thank you guys for reading this and giving me advice .
our discord community is recruiting gta members to play online just chat messing around earning easy money through heists joining clans etc !
to join us please click on the link https discord.gg/sbwy9wy .
we are a small community at the moment looking to grow !
i 'm happy to be coming up on a long-overdue disney vacation starting next wednesday as a graduation present to my boyfriend .
it 's not my first time at the parks but a lot has changed and i 've got a few questions i could n't find answers for .
we 're going to hollywood studios the day we arrive and want to see both fantasmic !
at 9:00 pm and the star wars spectacular at 9:30 pm .
is it possible to see both of them in the same night ?
star wars is our priority as he 's a huge star wars nerd and i 've seen fantasmic !
several times before but we 'd still like to attend both if possible .
we have an 8:15 dinner reservation at la hacienda de san angel in epcot in the hopes of watching illuminations from there .
i see conflicting things online about whether or not that 's a good idea with posts from all throughout the last decade .
some people say that there 's a wall blocking the view if you sit outside others recommend sitting outside and that the view from there is the best in the park and still others claim there is n't even outdoor seating for the restaurant .
i also see people say that eating inside by the windows is a good experience .
i 've heard mixed reviews about the jungle book spectacular in animal kingdom .
we 're going to be in the park during the day and then have a dinner reservation at jiko .
we were wondering if it was even worth it to return to the park afterward to watch .
obviously this is more subjective but i 'd appreciate opinions .
where in your opinion is the best place to view the main street electrical parade ?
i have somehow managed to miss this every time i visited the parks in the past and really want to experience it in the most magical '' way possible .
this trip is definitely more for him but i 'm also using it as a way to check things like this off my disney bucket list .
i wrote up the science and posted to r/askscience just now but i 'm wondering if anyone has ever compared gun laser colors against grass bushes etc .
plants are green because they absorb a lot of red and blue .
but red objects stand out much more than green ones among green plants .
looking at a chlorophyll wavelength absorption chart http www.goldiesroom.org/multimedia/bio_images/05 20nutrition/05 20photosynthesis 20spectrum.jpg about 30 of the of a red laser around 630nm would theoretically be absorbed .
i really do n't know what factors come into play if leaves actually absorb less at night or when really stressed like in heat .
anyway almost none of a green laser 's light would be absorbed http www.kguttag.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/lumens-per-watt1.png by chlorophyll but of course the leaf is reflecting a ton of green light so it might basically be drowned out .
looking for some people to hangout with in virtual reality !
i 'd like to use vtime preferably but i 'm also down for altspace .
every time i start the game pc there is long animation flying through space and i can not stop it with usual keys enter space esc ... .
less seriously ... names after my family members or friends
however i 'm starting to think a standard naming convention for planets might be more helpful .
i ca n't remember the main resources for a planet off the top of my head or how angry the sentinels are etc ... i know you can check the discoveries page but that could get very big .
i 'm asking the community if there 's a better way .
all post involving in-game story mode will be deleted from now until game release .
know players who like to show-off and spoil and/or youtubers trying to get easy clicks by posting it here will do something like this .
any post after the game release will have to be in text form with a spoiler in the title .
this rule will remain until a week after game release .
just a paranoid question about updating the sample 's firmware does it delete anything ?
finally getting round to updating but i need the sequences on there for my next gig .
is it safe to do now or should i wait ?
i have tadic but redmond looks to be oop and is cheaper .
one thing i dont like about carrier variants is that they arent coming straight from manufacturer and always long time delays .
the problem arises with all the carriers but at least the other 3 have software updates page of devices telling them whats ' the current version 1 for tmobile with update status .
not only that my lg g3 is still missing android 6 mm when lg already updated the other 3 carriers ' .
where 's sprint software update page and where are the updates ?
i literally just want karma dicksout for harambe hilary is a murderer trump is now our president sean murray is literally hitler 's grandson sean and before i forget dicksoutforharambe literally just anything to get karma from you people
ouch and with street bars too ... that 's more like 12-15mg that 's insane for a first time .
be thankful you did n't end up in jail or dead .
verizon believes their users are idiots and remove any customization options they can to prevent you from hurting your device ...
redpill has fucked your head dude i hope you find your way back someday .
i do n't think i 'd be able to swallow my tongue when he says something really stupid he will .
it 's his thing and i 'd end up getting punched by one of his asshole supporters .
yep ue4 bases eye buffer render multiplier off of mirror window resolution so if your desktop is low res and the game was basing it 's multiplier off of a larger mirror the game gets down res'ed too .
seems that logic would also allow continuous self-passes through the air .
like bobbling the ball in your hands akin to chest passing '' it to yourself repeatedly .
u/kru4me has taken out and paid back 0 loans for a total of 0.00 paid
u/kru4me has given out and gotten returned 3 loans for a total of 170.00 paid
go learn what socialism fucking is before you spew your shit .
people in china care more about the environment than in canada
in other news the earth is round and the sky is blue
i 'm on the 50 but up in the top level so i have a great view .
i aquired 2 savagery as rogue on ladder with a 5/1 dagger .
how about that time when you guys stole the secrets of silk paper compasses and gunpowder from us ?
how about that time where you guys were embarrassed in both vietnam and korea ?
your probably right his heart condition coupled with the ride roughness/restraints probably did him in .
edit this article claims he was having chest pain before the ride so he probably should n't have been riding it anyway .
i do n't know where the blood on his face '' could have came from though .
unbelievable that he still seems to think even partially that these issues with the game are still on the user end of things ...
they should dig deep in the code and everything that has to do with the game and make it dedicated for pc as well instead of copy pasta ps4 stuff
edit i know he is just covering all bases here and starting with the basics first tho .
but the most major issues are definitely not on the user end of things .
well actually phelps won world championships and broke world record when he was 15 years and 9 months old so progress was made .
i 'm so used to giving now i get to receive . ''
if i can pull off some of these ideas i see some more in my future .
edit i am a senior accountant for the company so this would be way outside of assigned duties but extremely valuable hence my reply .
why is your stupid useless bot clogging up reddit ?
noone needs you get lost and go console trump .
i just moved it a bit further down the thread so it applied to the right match .
but i almost expected to get a handjob or something .
she was supposed to only use the thing on my balls but she kept bumping into my dick and she keeping resting her arm on my leg
it did n't ever flame it started and i ripped every cord imaginable .
i 've seen nbc steal feeds and commentators from the bbc .
i 've been involved with grad school admissions and i do n't give such experience any special consideration nor have i observed anyone else do it .
personally i do n't understand the rationale for why i should give someone any advantage because of where they work .
is it suppose to show that someone is more motivated ?
or that they 'll be a better grad student because they 're familiar with some aspect of professional practice ?
she is so inspiring but can also bring people down from time to time i heard she gave bill clinton the weed he did n't inhale while he was in college .
your boyfriend does n't have to loan you the money to go to your sisters funeral because he is a judgemental asshole with no concept of family .
but at the same time ... ..you do n't have to stay with him .
maybe go home and stay home and get a new job there .
would a mainboard run the fans differently if they 'd have their own header as opposed to sharing one ?
in fact really..you are the face of the subreddit itself .
not the other redditors who post there..just the sub itself with the funnies and the lulz and the trolling .
you and saig go hand in hand..and when you delete your name out of sheer embarrassment in refusing you were wrong in all of your posts about him being sdgaf or hshigaf or ndgaf or whatever stupid initials you come up with ... we will all laugh as that will be the sure sign saig will be abandoned .
so we will just anticipate the day we hear oh mick ?
one of us was likely to be wrong ... i just knew it would be you
even in much less populous areas there are typically a good number of our people looking for games
yeah dude those cherokees and apaches play dota for sure .
wait what you 've posted this exact same story about three or four times now .
i assume you 've deleted the others but still why
last i heard the director said if he was going to release it on pc he 'd like to rebuild the game from the ground up specifically for pc .
i would assume that means it 's very far out .
in the middle of random babbling she says loudly and clearly there was a man a man from portland and he was on the run .
in any competitive clan less then 3 stars on a 9 is a fail provided its not a scout
idk why you need to be rude i 've done it multiple times and they are n't black just dark red .
can confirm every school i was in i knew i had a spare inhaler that the staff could get in case of emergency or would call an ambulance for me .
2012 oh ... you did n't sign the right form to allow your child to have one in school ...
who knew cah had a collection of high-tech sex toys ?
any other ways to get all the vitamins my juices provide if i take away juice ?
desalinating the oceans vertical farms independent of sunlight e.g .
cheaper transportation of all kinds and maybe faster but not necessarily airplanes become to loud and cars to deadly
if you 're talking about truly unlimited energy pulled from the power of dreams then fast space travel becomes an option ... at least in theory as you still require a reaction mass ... with the exception of the alcubierre drive which requires tons of energy ...
literally tons as in several tons of mass converted directly to energy .
on the other hand in theory it should be possible to convert energy to mass .
by the way here is a big list https www.reddit.com/r/garyjohnson/comments/4musuz/full_gary_johnson_media_schedule of all of the interviews he 's done this year .
check through the list for a show your wife may like and show her that one if gary does well in it .
in general i think he does better in longer and more casual interviews .
the one on penn jillette 's podcast is really good as well .
the first set of cards just released let alone the unrefined meta currently which comes naturally after every expansion .
you might find success now but in a month you may get destroyed like usually and this 4 drop wo n't do anything then .
i 'm not saying it is surely a bad card just saying it is too early to judge it
i will be messaging you on 2065-11-24 00:23:50 utc http www.wolframalpha.com/input ? i=2065-11-24 00:23:50 utc to local time to remind you of this link .
3 others clicked this link http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message https www.reddit.com/r/hockey/comments/4xf0pn/it_has_been_18000_days_since_the_toronto_maple/d6fb9i4 0a 0aremindme !
18000 days still no cup to send a pm to also be reminded and to reduce spam .
parent commenter can delete this message to hide from others .
faqs http np.reddit.com/r/remindmebot/comments/24duzp/remindmebot_info custom http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message link inside square brackets else default to faqs 0a 0anote do n't forget to add the time options after the command. 0a 0aremindme !
your reminders http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=list of reminders message=myreminders !
feedback http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebotwrangler subject=feedback code https github.com/silver remindmebot-reddit browser extensions https np.reddit.com/r/remindmebot/comments/4kldad/remindmebot_extensions
she can become a very good attacker but all her skills focus on herself .
in this era of team utility she 's often passed over because she ca n't do anything to help the team other than maybe being a punching bag .
i see your point and i definitely think that some of the people voicing their opinions in this thread have made me see the more rationale other side of the argument .
i just ca n't see that fear of the government outweighing the fear of putting guns in the hands of unstable citizens right now .
i also do n't see arming citizens with guns as a reasonable way to fight an oppressive government in the modern world .
i just do n't think it would be effective .
from what i remember they where saying its possible old characters might pop up but it was just an answer to someones question .
i doubt it least no one any of us actually give a damn about .
i mean for there goal of ignoring me3 ending with out making that choice pointless the launch has to be before me3 otherwise we could all be weird glowing hybrids .
maybe it 'll be that news reporter from me1 who never showed up in the other games .
think we had like a email or something in me2 from her lol .
the auto-choke has a plunger that starts with a rich mix and closes it off over about 2 minutes however a poor electrical connection or a bad coil can cause it to go lean or rich intermittently .
it can seem like it 's related to temperature because the autochoke plunger does move as the engine gets warmer but it 's really based on time not temp .
papers on the culture effect are all over the place eg
this the distance effect effect only holds for digital products that depend on taste such as music games
for these a 1 increase in physical distance reduces the probability
w e estimate a series of modified gravity specifications and find that cultural dissimilarity between nations has an economically significant and consistently negative effect on aggregate and disaggregated trade flows however estimated effects vary in magnitude and economic significance across measures of trade and our cohort of oecd reference countries .
a comparative study of nine oecd member nations http link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11079-008-9090-8
this paper studies the intangible costs of international trade by extending the basic gravity
equation with measures of cultural and institutional distance and institutional quality .
analyzing a sample of bilateral trade flows between 92 countries in 1999 we find that
institutional distance has a negative effect on bilateral trade presumably because the
transaction costs of trade between partners from dissimilar institutional settings are high .
contrast we find that cultural distance has a positive effect on bilateral trade .
explanation for this finding is that firms prefer trade to host-country production in culturally
finally we find that the institutional quality of both the importer and
also you may note the japanese names of the people who i cited .
even japanese people noted the war crimes and atrocities committed in manchuria yet here you are pretending they are isolated incidents '' .
where is your overwhelming evidence '' that refuted these studies and investigations ?
try and change your wifi password and set it back up again that worked for me sorry i actually renamed my wifi also .
bred 4 competitive shinies so far maybe in 600 eggs total .
i am trying to imagine having the skin peeled off my face .
she just fell out of the sky and she does n't know much about this plane of existence yet .
she needs information before she can formulate a plan for world domination aiding her father in spreading his power by building a great nation .
she is theon 's daughter and her personality is similar to his .
she is goal-oriented meticulous in her attention to detail and prone to attempting to achieve perfection .
she has a hunger for power that rivals her father 's it 's just that she craves political power instead of divine power .
she envisions a powerful empire in the mortal world ruled by an immortal empress with the aid of her descendants .
he likes to nudge a situation from the shadows indirectly steering the course of events in his favor .
she knows what she likes and who she wants ... and she 'll go for it .
she 's going to visit hell before she begins .
her primary purpose will be studying the court of envy 's records in order to gain an understanding of this world .
however she 's also going to visit the other lords of sin in residence .
she 's not going to be physically interested in heletilla .
septaria registers her as a mother-figure due to the relationship with her father .
the idea of sex with the resident lust-goddess does n't occur to her as a result .
although she will compliment heletilla on how good she looks .
septaria has done the pregnancy thing several times and she knows that heletilla 's ego probably needs some soothing .
she will ask to see heletilla 's baby ... and she 'll react like he 's the cutest thing she 's ever seen .
septaria will think that he looks adorable just like a baby harpy and she 'll ask if she can hold him .
it will be hard to get her to put him down because he 's so damn cute to her .
as he grows up she 's going to think that he looks awesome ... especially if he becomes more monstrous .
she 'll find him very cute ... and engage in her version of courtship behavior .
it starts along the following lines hey kasari i need to blow off some steam .
that 's her version of would you like to go get something to drink ? ''
incidentally getting drunk together is also part of her courtship behavior .
he 's not her type but she 'll compliment his talent with economics and ask why he has n't just made a greed sphere for himself and taken up the vacant lord of sin '' office in the court of greed .
she 'll probably tell lady green eyes to chill out and stop trying to turn everything into a bargain .
then she 'll likely tell our resident envy herald that she 's pretty and that she 'd be happy to help her out with makeup and finding a good tailor .
septaria likes to screw with envy gods and immortals by giving them charity .
she enjoys the confused look on their face whenever she gives them something without expecting anything in return .
hell yeah miller lite is my goto cheap beer .
they are stupid looking but really shine for sustained fire .
been playing it all day today and it 's been working well .
when you get up to modern times you start only going a year or two at a time
just pop the first use if you do n't get there then do n't use the second one and keep pulling for a fresh gobblegum .
you pull off the tucked shirt really well unlike most people .
did you take a picture of this with a frying pan ?
one of the most technically sound players in the world just has never seemed to put it together .
the owner of this paddy 's '' as 't is called
is frank a short man ugly stout and bald .
to woo the barmaid to whom he 's a menace
for she in truth loves charlie 's best friend dennis .
he lies with maids and tells all who 'll listen
she 's not part of the gang she does not matter .
i 'll tell ye more when 't is the time and place
it was a rough start for her but after the complete read of the ces letter and some extensive digging on her own she is officially done .
she says within a year she will be ready to file papers .
dwarf fortress blows this game out of the water in attention to detail .
gps would be nice to have but i can live without it .
also i want my next watch to be waterproof .
i like how bob does n't have an insta but we still have been so blessed with photos of him ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
omg the puppy 's nationalities ... .i did n't even think of that ! !
marie 's is def from canadia bob 's is a tri-citizen ... i guess he 'll have to pick which country to represent when he grows up ? ?
it looked pretty awesome but did n't really mess me up too bad compared to a fey steel .
that 's 2007 wimbledon 2008 roland garros 2008 wimbledon 2009 australian open and 2011 roland garros nadal matches versus federer .
all posts with less than five pictures must be a self post .
do you think a iso-heavy low-iq player like demar would fit well in luke 's system ?
lmao you know luke 's system before he even coach 's a game ? ?
do you think we 'll be able to get to the second round if we get derozan ?
can you guarantee that we 'd be able to make the playoffs ?
you think this team is even gon na touch the fucking playoffs in the next 3 years ?
all you basically said is demar 's not that good ''
lmao you keep trying and just keep beating ya ass down
do n't think that 's how it works ... red team always indicates the opposing team .
if the wall was blue then you had a mei .
i heard that was suppose to be like cod irl .
and to top it off a literal '' misuse of the word literally '' which i hear all too often these days .
goals are met even during those fights and just because you beat the monster of the weak does n't mean you stopped the bad guys overall plan that week .
this article cited a post by sorcha faal on whatdoesitmean.com .
if it is actually citing something from a russian intelligence agency report they should be able to link to it .
i disagree with a bad manager being fired with a small company .
for all we know this manager could be related to the owner which means he/she isnt going anywhere .
wait so then if you have 999/1000 items and lvl up .
rust uses art-team-made textures while nms generates it 's textures procedurally .
after many minutes of deliberation i believe i have it figured out .
ruby is geoff blake is jack yang is michael .
as previously stated weiss is jeremy and idk about gavin he can be crescent rose i guess .
i post differently in whatever subreddits i 'm in so maybe i do find it a bit unfair .
but it 's a mistake on my part if people get angry about my posts i only try to rustle jimmies where it 's in good fun .
adding to this i want them to be punished .
i want the negative reinforcement so developers and publishers learn to stop making these stupid look but do n't touch '' wander around with nothing to do games .
give us a game that has a bit of a game to it .
oh boo hoo so i decided to drink at school one single day after i had been accepted to college and in a class with the most oblivious teacher in the world therefore i 'm a fuck up ?
at what point in my comment did you get the impression that i needed to drink to get through high school ?
i 'd be really interested to see you quote which part gave you that idea .
you 're bringing your own insecurities and prejudices that have nothing to do with me into this and you should really do some self reflection to figure out why those are there .
you guys act like eg is gon na play wings again fucking rofl
i made a couple friends by replying to some of the intro posts on here they seem to be good for starting decent conversations !
the quality in any sense will pretty much be garbage .
there will be large input delay as a result of being streamed .
at least for any game that is n't a slow paced rpg or tactics game or something .
is it possible to create a critical mass with hp ?
you should check out the hitchhikers guide to the galaxy !
people that try to make you feel shame or guilt or sadists
i thought it was gon na be the philip rivers song by gucci mane
try the st louis area beer enthusiasts facebook group .
yeah but they must be busy making cool new merch for us to purch no wait that one 's us too
he does something completely insane and unexpected and it works and eventually he fades off .
i hope it does n't happen again because he 's killing it right now .
but so was n't big money matt or whatever he was calling himself in roh where everyone expected him to suck and he was perfect as a big fish in a small pond '' guy who was n't as important as he thought .
could get a room in a house near the inner suburbs for 250
new levers new mirrors new exhaust new tires new front signals but still no tail tidy .
i feel like that would 've been the first thing i would do to a grom it 's so disproportionately big .
this kind of stuff is what happens when you have a vehicle run on salt and novelty .
at this point i feel like actually going so far as to trade a litten over to some restarting and grabbing poplio and training them both up to spite people .
but then i 'd miss out on archer rowlet who is awesome .
trying to figure out who to level figure rain 's full break will probably bring up group dps enough to mean more than shine right ?
in pa liquor is similar and wine is also only in the state stores .
beer is sold at distribution centers but until a couple years ago you could only buy cases .
for a store to sell individual bottles and six packs it needs to be a restaurant .
you can not buy beer at gas stations or pharmacies .
this meant for a very long time it was much easier to find and purchase a case than a six pack to go
ok i 'll admit i 'm intrigued how you think big corp '' caused the china problem aka the fact that china has 1.3 billion people and is becoming more and more of an industrialized nation
well he got the colour for the commander and drivers right at the very least .
power slide vii drift 1,000,000 m for 4x hoonicorn bp
no wonder lots of people have problem with it .
i think they are taking legal action against any groups that they can find
i 'll never forget that pre-season game winner against the lions from a few years ago ...
you know damn well what ching chong means you racist .
if not go say it to the first oriental person you see and when he karate kicks your nose out the back of your head you 'll understand .
chicharito signing here would turn every football fan in miami into a casual southampton fan .
not that i 'd mind it 's a bit irritating to find one of the few football stores in the area and have to explain to them that yes southampton play in the premier league and their kit is made by under armour and still be stared at like i 'm speaking japanese because the idea of someone wanting to wear something english and not arsenal/city/united/pool/spurs/chelsea is inconceivable .
for extra shots they should always be on the sticker .
unless the person on register tells the person making drinks that shot wo n't be in the drink if it 's not labeled .
my boss worked out the schedule with the owner and our clients .
he was n't the kind of guy to say no to his boss regardless of the reality of the situation .
even if it was a feature that would take 200 hours to develop .
even in my current job were i do n't work crazy extra hours my boss likes to argue with me about how long things will take .
another problem is when the project scope gets changed without a corresponding increase in schedule .
features get added or changed requiring a lot of rework and additional development time but the deadlines are firm '' .
in general programming deadlines are set by business people not people who actually know how long things will take .
which is one the reasons you see so many software projects finishing behind schedule .
well the 1995 bmw is gon na be rwd at the very least .
i would be careful using a pressure washer to clean out any sort of radiator/cooler .
i 've seen a lot of people spray radiators with pressure washers and they always end up bending the fins over .
since no one mentioned it tex also is a switch hitter which allows for a lot more flexibility
the big weakness about psycho killer is not its single target nature .
assuming a decently empty battlefield and with your powers it would be trivial to destroy any illusions and make it impossible for a punchghost to come near .
looking at it from his perspective not only is there the sun lasers to deal with but if he brought a gun your a speed hcts proper could simply catch them .
if you know your own powers and the enemies ' then a fight is simply thinking up ways to neuter their ability to fight and damage you and countering their efforts to do the same .
for anyone who does n't understand watch the new techquickie vid .
no offense intended but does n't it seem silly to buy the top trim of model s and then put eco tires on it ?
my husband learned to change diapers from a nurse in the hospital the day after our baby was born .
i 'm really not ... big butts are the cornerstone of life
reviews do n't mean shit when suicide squad is close to 400 million http www.boxofficemojo.com/movies ? id=dc2016.htm and bvs made 800 million .
the different swimming strokes are obviously much closer to one another than judo is to boxing .
you never see the same person medal in those two .
and it would be an extraordinary day indeed if the same person medaled in breaststroke and butterfly ignoring the time period when they were the same stroke of course .
do n't have to look far lochte himself has held the wr in 3 different strokes .
to get the backstroke record you have to either include a time from the suit era which puts a big asterisk on it or from short course which has a far lower standard of competition than long course .
you 'd have to be talking about the relay which you ca n't just attribute to him like that .
as for track it 's not just bolt that excels at both 100m and 200m .
walter dix won bronze in both behind bolt in 2008 kerron stewart medaled in both in 2008 yohan blake got silver in both in 2012 bolt got gold in both in 2012 shelly-ann fraser-pryce medaled in both in 2012 carmelita jeter medaled in both in 2012 justin gatlin medaled in both in 2004 veronica campbell medaled in both in 2004 .
in fact almost every year it 's the same people in both races since it 's pretty much the exact same skill with a bit of variance giving slightly different outcomes .
damn never knew the 100m and 200m was so narrow in track .
heard too much about how bolt 's dominance was so unprecedented .
not everybody dominates different strokes like phelps does but plenty of people medal in multiple strokes and quite often the same people medal in both the 100m and 200m .
i 'd love to know who the plenty '' of people medalling in multiple strokes are .
100m and 200m could comparatively said to be more common true but it 's almost never the gold .
so yeah you used a strawman argument because i never said that the only reason there is international competition in all these different swimming strokes is because there 's a medal for them .
if you 're drawing an analogy between swimming events and shot put or a hopping race and say that having more medals would create an international community for more shot put variations or a hopping race what the hell else are you saying about swimming ?
i just do n't like watching a bunch of watered down events no pun intended of the same people doing the same things .
loses a bit of prestige for people to win a medal when there are over 150 swimming medals given out each year .
you do n't get to say you have your opinion i have mine '' when you on your own volition came into a thread about people celebrating an accomplishment in swimming to piss and moan about how you think swimming sucks because it has more events than you think is alright .
i do n't know why people like you get so offended by the two or three weeks per decade when you might actually hear about swimming without going out of your way to find it .
i ca n't even enjoy the one time every four years anyone can be assed to give half a shit about the sport i love without encountering a crowd of haters crowing around about how there 's too many medals '' and swimming is n't a real sport . ''
i do n't know what swimming is watering down or removing prestige from when only sports nationalists who like to wave numbers in the face of other countries give a shit about medal counts .
swimming is not other sports its existence should n't affect your enjoyment of the sports you do follow .
i 'm not going to continue arguing with someone who is just going to continually belittle a sport they do n't understand .
if you do n't like it you do n't have to watch it or talk about it !
he 's always been against gays getting married or having the same rights as a married couple .
that 's another one that predates this presidential run .
the fifth photo looks like it could be a scene out of stranger things .
americans who do save tend to take advantage of retirement accounts such as iras and 401ks for the tax advantages which have restrictions on withdrawals .
i do n't have 31k sitting around in liquid funds to buy a car but i do have 100k in an ira and 401k .
i just ca n't touch it without paying taxes and early withdrawal penalties until i 'm 59 years old .
i thought it was nice we finally got closure even if it was depressing .
how many lumens was the flash bulb on the camera that took this picture ?
i am on vacation right now i might be able to do this monday or tuesday !
mine is gon na be a man who kills everyone who says stannis is no true king not because a man is a big fan of stannis it 's just because he hates green people who know nothing about the one true king .
a man sends his regards to you and may the red god bless you all .
i dont know what 's special about my setup but it runs perfectly on my pc .
my graphics settings were all like mid level settings so i maxed them out and saved settings restarted the game and it ran flawlessly ... and continues to do so .
glad i 'm not the only one who feels this way
the other thing that the attitude era guys guys with an advantage is that vince did n't have the option of leaning on old wrestlers .
the old guys back then were all making millions in wcw .
attitude era guys never had to deal with hogan coming in and burying them at mania like the wyatts just had .
they did n't have to compete with the biggest stars of yesteryear the way these guys do .
so the whole previous hundreds of hours were ruined prior to that ?
if im getting that much out of any game i am more than content
in the fairy world that 's how you do it right .
you look stunning in this pic for sure i think if you worked on those two things you would look stunning and natural !
mfw i realize that they ms painted a knife over a dick
i can tell you that what you said makes no sense as a doctor who focuses on the cardio and respiratory systems .
what you are trying to explain and are in the right direction which you admit to be fair is something called vo2 max .
i would imagine hers might be higher than the rest of the field although who knows to be honest .
although as someone who swam distance i can tell you why ledecky is so much better than everyone else and that is because she has no fear .
a lot of people pace and draft i know was guilty of that back in the day .
that creepypasta was cool and even borderline believable until it started going on about whithand.gif and whatever other bullshit in the game files .
if they 'd just left it at the original lavender town song giving people migraines and driving them to depression it would 've been better and the fact that they really did change the song for the us releases makes it all the more believable .
creepypastas always seem to take it a few steps too far .
all that being said i am still genuinely unsettled by anything to do with lavender town .
then you should order ahead of time and give them the time you want it by .
they will make a best effort to be there when you are .
but it helps if you are prepared to have the delivery arrive say 15 mins or so early .
that sort of thing happens sometimes depending on how busy it is and that sort of thing .
you are being cucked because it sounds like you are not getting to participate .
other than that there is a certain level of trust and intimacy when playing with others .
i 've had that issue when i play with a couple and his wife and i become very intimate and close although it is just sex it 's still intimate loving and passionate at least it should be .
you could tell your wife you enjoy that she 's having fun but you want to have fun to and ask for her suggestions .
by asking her about it take note if she is happy you want participate more or is she hesitant about it .
that should kinda let you know where she stands with things .
i 'm visiting family for a couple weeks and then thursday i get on a plane to europe !
the best free place to start would be with mormons .
check out the ghibli museum if you can still get tickets they need to be purchased 3 months in advance and sell out fast and definitely check out tokyo disneyland !
i agree with another poster visiting the tame deer in nara as a short day trip from kyoto will be a treat for the little one .
check out the kawaii monster cafe in harajuku tokyo lots of bright fun colours and cute characters .
yeah i see a lot of people say wow that play was bad dude '' which some might take as toxic but usually is just a dude spouting stuff off quicker than he can think .
i rarely see one person be rude to another person the whole game in na .
for love or a child for everyone else i 'll tell your story .
this guy and the other keepers in his series .
that is what you call aggressive after a catch ?
he simply put his head down and went up field .
you ca n't go run after the dog blindly and punish .
you need to show them what they did point and apply negative consequence .
https www.twitch.tv/defaultuser420 come hang out and talk in chat i 'm just playing no man sky in the background
i 'm glad you held back any any comments about nola .
it 's true it does have its own smell .
i would n't trade it for all the other cities best combined .
i had one before that throttled down every time tried to do anything intensive .
so i was just wondering what your experience was .
it 's not unrealistic for a skiller to get 200m slayer without heavily abusing treasure hunter redtunnel has done alright http puu.sh/qzshy.png but it 's still heavily treasure hunter and the tuska training ?
but yeah with the time it takes otherwise people need to stop crying over skillers buying slayer xp idk how people care so much
what are the predominant differences between the first and second edition of the game ?
i know i have reported 3 cheaters by me all team yellow and all working together .
i attached pictures and video of them attacking a gym with no one around all level 32 dropping off all dragonite .
next day all 3 gyms were neutral white they have not returned .
everyone that i show do i look worried ? ''
probably for easy first win of the day when they do n't have time for a normal game .
because fucking people out of money does n't make you a good business man it makes you a good grifter .
when the topic is brought up the fan guide specifically avoids giving a definitive answer one way or the other .
in the dossier on church it says oddly enough church himself may or may not have administered the aspirin to captain flowers while stuck in a 'time loop . '
and in the scouting report for sidewinder this is what it says there are conflicting reports about whether or not private church traveled through time at this location . ''
i get told to get aids and kill myself every single last man standing match ...
as much as i appreciate your need for a roommate this is n't kijiji !
post this type of stuff on craig 's list or kijiji not here .
looks like you might be better served by a recomp than straight cutting especially training as hard as you are !
you 're going to slow your metabolism down and potentially waste any gains you 've made by eating so little .
i would up your total cals to about 1800-2000 with training levels steady and see what happens .
you are already thin so no need to aggressively cut just work on building muscle and the small amount of cardio you do should take care of what fat you do have which is n't much .
i would adjust macros to 40 p 35 c 25 f atleast until after your surgery .
you could probably up carbs post surgery to aid healing .
also check out r/xxfitness if you are n't already over there .
lots of other ladies willing to support or give advice if wanted d
yea but landmine can kill any class its a but of an unfair class .
a good way to tell if they are a real cop or not is by the badge uniform and vehicle .
the badge will be made out of metal and have the departments insignia on it .
their fire arm will be on their strong hand side side he/she writes with .
also look for cuffs oc spray baton and a tazer .
lastly the cruiser will be marked and clearly display in reflective decals the insignia .
also when we pull someone over you have to sound the siren .
just going back to the place to work around her schedule ?
i personally took up the reasoning of its okay to use everyday if i think it will help my mental well being even if i was addicted '' .
i usually just sling mine over my shoulder so i do n't trip .
in this kind of situation with 1v2 i 'd say it was justified .
besides two players should be able to take down a heavy no problem .
if they do that then they need to remake flesh gordon as well !
for screensharing during meetings we use skype pretty easy and very straightforward .
an alt to appear.in would have been sqwiggl but they shut down sadly .
you can check out pukkateam they 're in beta but trying to do the same thing video streaming of your remote team .
that could be dc 's thing real/plausible heroes that fight at the street level .
whereas marvel 's thing is the full blown infinity gauntlet ' lem me kill the wóhole universe so that death will love me ' thing .
that 's exactly the concept that really drew me in
talking to another person who 's across the world in real time .
image and video based submissions are not allowed by r/technology .
please try submitting to r/technologyporn r/pics r/gifs or another image-based subreddit .
for videos please try submitting to r/videos r/video r/documentaries or another video-based subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/technology if you have any questions or concerns .
i recorded concerts multiple times already and i was astonished by the good quality both video and audio .
video can get shaky if you have to hold it for more than 5 minutes over your head and audio sadly also contains people 's talks around you assumed they talk but it 's still quite good .
https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=5pjkrrdiqok i searched game grumps danny screams like a girl '' .
just look at all of the people gamergate has killed .
let 's not forget havok who will release a new album this year as well .
yeah you 'd really be missing out on a modding community that basically rivals that of doom with regard to large scale total conversion projects .
the starcaster would be ok besides the horrendous fret buzz i also had to add another spring to hold the bridge down because it was pulling up with only 3 .
i plan to rewire the entire thing as well and insulating everything since the feedback is awful .
use the imgur app and then copy/paste the link here .
yeah i think a lot of advice in here sucks and is n't preparing you for anything real .
what if this was a higher stakes game and this was your co-worker ?
you need to learn how to deal with this .
and the sad thing is it does n't go away .
your brain is just wired like that my man .
my recommendation is setting personal boundaries that you want .
if you just want to be friends change your behavior to mirror that .
once you 've made a decision take action and do n't look back .
on the side make sure you are pursuing sexual outlets .
you can teach your own kids plenty even if they 're going to public schools .
home school kids often have a lot of issues relating to neglect in addition or poor socialization .
public school is n't just about teaching the core .
it 's also great for teaching socialization which is very very hard to get homeschooled .
in addition improper teaching of your kids is an abuse of them .
teaching them literal lies is abuse and hurts their future for your politics .
i was public schooled and while texas absolutely has right-leaning textbooks at least in the way of history books actually pushing an ideology got you fired nearly instantly .
teaching them how the world literally functions when their parents would n't is a good thing .
i 'm gon na compliment you on how you 're clearly a badass who does n't give a fuck .
i feel it is appropriate to include this on the soundtrack .
irrational conclusions 75 of the american population makes about life on a daily basis
what i got out of that was you believe the majority of americans are doing things on a daily basis that are irrational and you link that to their religion .
judging by your reply to me you meant something completely different which is fine .
sometimes while just sitting i suddenly get an energy burst an my hands will start jittering .
i 'm not a spaz or anything usually i 'm pretty tired .
omg that 's gon na end up punching her in the heart
move to a rural area and need a car and new home ?
but it 's animation so it must be for kids ! ''
i wonder if any of these clueless parents have ever given their kids a hentai dvd as a present ?
if you see names you do n't recognise as being from another manga you wo n't notice them whereas if bleach is your favourite manga the recognition of a character is way more memorable
there 's been a decrease in people interested in attending colleges or universities .
i know it has to do with student debt and job availability but i think education affects people in other ways than that .
we are at nearly 70 attendance at this point which is the highest it has ever been .
the reality is that it is actually too high a lot of people are going there to get degrees that are worthless with no real interest in education .
it is a very high altitude and thus slow-growing tea made specifically in one tiny part of central taiwan .
both the limited growing area and the slow growing rate mean that production is limited at the best of times and since it 's frequently referred to as the top tier '' of taiwanese teas it is in high demand and the price is steep .
a chain store that needs to stock 50 storefronts is not going to be able to obtain enough and cheaply enough even when they charge 50 for a small box like this .
i do n't blame a kid whose parents forced him into it but he should give it up by the time he 's an adult .
i 'm hitting way worse than i used to and hitting tons of popups with good pci placement and timing .
just an fyi bartz would still do more damage with dual wield then doublehand .
the only one that really can do better and this is only on jp is garland as he can technically stack up to 5 doublehands which you ca n't do in global .
so a second dual wield would be a good option for bartz .
it 's all about the purpose and likely result rather than the actual fact .
but you say that being in jail is less conducive to attaining virtue in part because it takes away freedom and valid paths that one can choose towards virtue '' .
so in part what you believe is reliant on our ability to choose different options toward the pursuit of virtue which contradicts what you said about it being about the result '' .
my cat spends 30 of her time in the towel cupboard .
teaching them the correct '' definition is a distraction .
and by the way i personally thing the agnostic/gnostic difference is a bit absurd and meaningless and is only used in pedantic philosophy that leads to debates over the meaning of knowledge certainties opinions and so on .
if that point becomes important it is more useful to ask what would it take to change your mind ? ''
under my definition only people who answer nothing '' can be called gnostics but a lot of variations in definitions exist .
could n't have said it better myself ... .i 'm new to the anime game and i do n't have much free time so when i invest into a new show i make sure it 's something i 'm going to like .
so yeah the 30 shows i have watched are all fantastic and are all above a 7/10 .
yes there is but someone more familiar with that should advise you .
i used to struggle to talk about my feelings and really open up until i got a really great therapist that i worked with for just over a year .
it then became easier to resolve conflicts because i could be more honest but also because when i was younger i also tried to resolve conflict within my very fractured family .
so you could even say i 've always tried to do that .
i highly recommend the book and really working through the exercises .
i 'm still working through it and taking my time with it and writing things about my mother down as they come up in a 'mother ' journal that is specifically for the recovery process .
it 's very comforting to know that there are other women out there that experienced the same level of toxicity and it 's also a comfort knowing and seeing that it be overcome .
hey lets chat on the site for three years and maybe then we 'll eventually run into each other in public and be like hey '' because anything else is just too much too soon for me .
it 's a dating site what the fuck else are you supposed to do ?
i think they way of purchasing by the slice is a valid part of the ny pizza idea .
it 's fun when a brit does it ... if an american did that on camera during the anthem people would treat them like they personally gave uncle sam a cleveland steamer .
i think your us loses 3-1 to france scenario is missing one assumption .
using the assumptions you had above i have the following points at the end of pool play assuming us can both beat mexico us loses to fra italy sweeps can
so depending on how many more points brazil gets in its last two matches the usa would possibly still be in a 2-way tie with canada and the tie-breaker in that case is whoever won head-to-head i think is that right ?
if brazil ended up with 0 points in both matches then it would be a 3-way tie and at that point i do n't know what the tie-breaker is i tried googling around but could n't find anything definitive .
i microwave mine on a special ridged plate ... it gets nice and crispy and nearly all the grease ends up in the bottom of the dish
i 'm in the 150s for the first time in five years and i 'm having a hard time believing it !
i 'm so happy that i 've been able to stick to cico since january and actually continue making progress ! ! !
yeah i think the best call is to wait for them to work on it more listen to criticisms and update
me when the shower has no water preasure in winter
how does blood get into your mouth/nose from that kind of injury ?
stressing about girls is a perpetually changing thing for me .
i can go back and forth many times a day .
i wish i could not stress and stay that way or get lucky and make it go away .
coming in here like lightning torping something and running away .
the primary means of recreation is hanging out in reality .
but texting is n't really a method you can use to get girls to like you .
they do n't see you or read your body language through your text and therefore it lacks almost any sense of intimacy .
i actually got a full version of microsoft office with everything for free .
i cant find the link at the moment but if you remind me tommorow i can show you .
dispite all my rage ... i 'm still just a rat in a cage ... match ...
dear god you literally do n't see the hypocrisy in that statement do you ?
but the point is that a degree from an ivy league school is apparently not a guarantee of someone having worked hard .
unlike say oxbridge and a degree in the classics greek latin .
the employers in uk want these graduates not because of the usefulness of the degree but because they know the person can work and has worked their ass off .
i 've graduated from a top university as well and the idea of a guaranteed 'b ' for sloppy work is just mind boggling .
mothers boyfriend at the time trying to teach me self defense after he 'd had too much to drink after work .
still ca n't have people touch my neck without shuddering .
it gets recreational at 30 did 30mg cap and 10mg snorted about 30 after and then went drinking at clubs .
when you become a professor of economics at one of the world 's top universities and have a wide range of published academic research to your name in peer reviewed journals let me know and we 'll take you seriously .
my list was also much shorter when i started it .
you get more of what you pay attention to '' .
wish i 'd known that when i was building it .
the fact that this question was asked in the first place and commuting with bike every day i know that it 's not always as logical as you describe it .
that depends on the way the synology drive is mounted on the pc .
both location need to be on the same mount .
both nfs and smb/cifs do support 'forwarding ' the hardlink request to the server .
but the best way would be to just try it out .
ps the next sonarr version has some api performance improvements it 's in the order of twice as fast .
nothing will ever beat the_donald when it comes to trashy political subreddits though .
follow giraffe neck 's tattoo to his hand and you 'll notice the direction his life is headed .
yeah fishing on the bottom with stinky baits is the best way to catch little catfish .
my thing about showcase mode is if i wanted to relive a match or feud i 'll just do it through the network and watch it the way it was supposed to be with the real emotion and commentary and fan reactions rather than a generated version ... yeah it was fun to play but if i wanted to do a story with taker vs brock again i 'd just do it through exhibition mode
there are still many people from outside both india and pakistan who do observe what is going on between the two countries .
these neutral observers never use the term pok '' .
a moderator 's account was hijacked and many threads were deleted .
you can read what happened here http www.kanzenshuu.com/forum/viewtopic.php ? f=1 t=34956 .
hopefully a backup will be restored some time today .
yep good old kachinsky got that bastard o'kelly to force brendan to sign that ridiculous document 'confessing ' to all the bad things he supposedly did to teresa ... how do i draw chains ? ''
it 's not for every game but many games it 's really strong .
i 'm currently looking into the other gunblade forgot the name the mana one with the rockets and jump cause with the above build u do n't have a lot mana/mana regen but then again the sustain is amazing .
also for some games i still just go morello lich rabcap boots of penetration ludens void staff/liandrys or sometimes trinity
a few seconds lag will cause fel rush to keep going until you stop lagging .
detta matar rakt in i min slumrande ronda rousey-fetisch !
jag skulle ju städa vinden idag och inte ens nämnvärt fappa !
marie kondo 's book is the best thing for you .
i decluttered my life before reading the book but her advice is the advice i 'd have wanted myself during that process .
for me though i just bulldozed through the bulk of everything and digitised all my dvds and books .
live your life and if it comes up be straight forward about it .
now you 've stated a fact there 's no rational reason for him to be uncomfortable and you can continue on with life .
ie animal agriculture is very hard on the environment .
anything you say was requested and bob is in control on the conversation .
if he gets uncomfortable it 's because he asked for it .
if you can dodge a book you can dodge a ball
if the eu is against southern stream then northern stream should be banned too .
i 'm sad that germans were really slimy about this thing .
i genuinely think the remains of wheetabix could be the building material of the future !
he 's being protected by zebras ' sound barrier and that was confirmed by sunny 's hairlocks .
babies are great dribblers but i 'd go with amat think tottenham will get a goal
i believe commit saves config stops services restarts services .
if you only save you 'd need to reboot to enable changes .
hallucinations come into play here as well as the wonderland .
poetic botany identifies a late eighteenth-century movement in which botany became the subject of poetry .
the relationship between art and science cultivated during this movement resulted in a rich trove of botanical knowledge sumptuously presented in books artworks and gardens .
the digital exhibition poetic botany art and science of the eighteenth-century vegetable world features these materials together with contemporary media and exhibition text to present an extensive collection that would not be possible in a traditional museum setting .
instead nine of poetic botany 's most beautiful curious and sensational plant species frame the curation .
multiple media illustrate how these species are bound up with the history of philosophy science medicine sex gender politics art culture and colonialism .
easy to read covers all the topics while not being too long
my equilivant is when sending paperwork in the pneumatic shute at my hospital nurses will ring up going 'you did n't send me x form only y form !
i need both x and y forms not just y ! '
me 'have you tried looking inside the folded piece of y paper that i also sent you ? '
we have to fold a4 paper to squash it into the shute cannisters
the other 1/10 times it 's on the floor because it fell out of the cannister when they opened it .
and finding a piece of paper on the ground is hard or something apparently .
i 'm aware that the two brands are different but the setup should be the same .
try following this video here https m.youtube.com/watch ? v=5fwxgqsokf4 and be sure that none of the cords from the powersupply are connected to anything but a wall socket .
its called chappie yes i know it 's not really a remake but it 's hard not to see tons of similarities .
while still useful it 's still not quite the 1 shot sniper it was in 4 .
jet powered man '' is the phrase you are looking for .
then channel that into short 'i 'm paying attention to what you 're saying'-habits .
look whomever you 're talking to in the eye nod go 'mmh ' 'i understand ' 'yeah ' and 'go on ' but do n't actually interrupt their flow .
some people say to put the pet on the girl when she is giving birth not while in the process of conception .
also how long does it take for a child to be born ?
so do you think shanomac or stephanie will run their brand better after the draft ?
man who else ca n't wait to see the cruiserweight title unveiling ?
man i ca n't wait for bayley to debut full time on the main roster ...
i thought she would have been here by now .
tna is having just as good of a year as new japan and wwe .
they also are better than roh ... what the actual fuck ?
wwe is taking strides towards a very good place .
the sicilian psycho and johnny gargano had a moty type match on wwe television .
dad joking randy orton is one of the most entertaining randy orton characters ever .
matt hardy is the most interesting man in wrestling .
ok first this is ludicrously complicated seriously there are whole books written about how one sail on a perfectly rigid boat on perfectly flat perfectly still water in perfectly consistent wind works and changing any of those conditions makes it way worse .
to combat this we shall use two methods firstly we shall completely ignore the hard parts and secondly we shall use badly done pictures http i.imgur.com/o19gv49.png and hand waving everything i 'm going to say is going to be referring to that picture so you 're going to want it open .
in the first picture the black arrows are the air flow .
the ones on the left side of the sail bend like that basically for the obvious reason sail is in the way so they get pushed .
the ones on the back bend basically because air flow tends to stick '' to things this is one of those complicated bits we 're brushing over but that 's good enough for government work .
the red arrows are the acceleration of the air and hence the force acting on it from the sail .
the blue arrows are the equal oh yeah the lengths of the arrows are meaningless due to my lack of competence are the resulting equal and opposite forces on the sail .
moving on to the middle picture the blue arrow is that same equal and opposite force .
the red arrow is the resistance provided by the centreboard .
the green arrow is the resulting net force it 's the result of sticking the other two arrows end to end while keeping their directions the same still a little bit sideways but close enough to forwards that you can work with it .
the blue arrow at the top is still the same blue arrow it 's nearer the bottom of the sail than the top because the bottom of the sail is wider and therefore generating more lift .
the red arrow is still the resistance from the centreboard .
looking at these two together they should make the boat rotate ie capsize .
this is corrected by adding another force either a keel or your backside pushing the rotation the other way .
the orange-y yellow-y cross is the point the boat is rotating around it 's the most downwind point where it makes contact with the water but really badly drawn .
the fourth picture is intended to explain why it 's sometimes difficult to keep a boat flat but easy to keep it stable at a particular tilt .
1 there 's less of the centreboard in the water so it 's generating less resistance .
2 the force from both centreboard and sail have moved closer to the pivot point in the direction perpendicular to their force the sail one should slant down a bit more but never mind so they 're generating less of a rotation this is more pronounced on a real or well drawn boat where that corner will dig into the water and the pivot point will move higher .
3 your backside hopefully has n't gotten further from the pivot point so you 're generating more of a rotation per force ie bacon sandwich you put into it .
i 've only participated in the hate threads not the ones with actual solutions but i 'm going to fucking refund the game and pirate it instead !
hopefully this will open up more opportunities outside of the podcast/lets plays .
writing and filming stuff will be a lot easier .
i just needed to vent before i smash something from wasting 2 days on trying to get this shit and only getting 1 of the 2 double kills .
what up guys i 'm a bored guy that is tired of going out by himself .
i 'm 25 and i have a pad in south park .
then we can take a lift to north park and hit the bars .
how in the world can you consistently add new content and not fix this bug ?
b/o 39 keys for 2. if you want to buy 1 the price is 20 keys .
so today after work i went to the pool and cooled down .
right as i walked in i recognized someone from my high-school who was a year older than me so i got in went under and gave it a second and walked over and said this is a weird question but did you go to ? ''
she had a friend with her but we talked for maybe 5-10 minutes until they had to leave .
then i talked to the lifeguard who is 2 years younger but it was good for practicing conversation and we exchanged names and all after a few minutes and i left .
am i supposed to feel some special way inside ?
i do n't feel any different than i would if i did n't go except now i 'm proud that i approached 3 girls .
i have a friend who struggles to maintain a decent cadence .
i went riding with her today and she was grinding along at around 40-50rpm the entire time worse going up hills .
i noticed this and it prompted a discussion about how she should try to bump that up to at least 80rpm and how all of her shifting should be in service of maintaining a good cadence .
strangely she says that every time she tries she ca n't hold it .
even if she 's on a spinning bike with no resistance she says she ca n't maintain anything close to 90rpm .
given that i do n't know what it feels like to be her but knowing that she 's not weak i 'm really confused as to what might be the problem .
i have to assume that it 's a fitting issue ... maybe her crank length is wrong for her and it 's making it physically difficult to spin out ?
if anyone has ever encountered this before i 'd love to crowd source some thoughts .
outside of the brandon mall teco power plant off big bend rd and winthrop plaza anyone know of any other gold mines in the areas i may not have stumbled across ?
i 'm just starting to get back into fitness this year after a long battle with chronic fatigue and arthritis .
it 's not gone but finally able to manage it after about 7 years of having to basically stop all physical activity .
i 've had the same workout clothes for years and years and they are finally wearing out and unmendable .
shorts i 've been able to easily replace but pants are harder .
i noticed in target today that they had their champion gear on sale so i grabbed some pants .
i really do n't like capri pants or pants with those elastic cuffs on the bottom .
i know i 'm picky drawstring or not is fine .
i have no experience with those spandex pants not sure if they have an official name that are really form fitting .
i 'm pretty broke at the moment so my budget is 20 for an item and i 'm hoping to get 2 or 3 pairs of pants .
i 'd be willing to spend the budget on fewer items if i really loved them and they could withstand frequent washes .
one of the trade offs i made to manage my chronic conditions is less clothes .
it 's much easier for me to manage laundry if there are less clothes overall to deal with .
ca n't quite remember what happened except that the tokyo and osaka teams met up .
one hundred and fifty years from now the human population has expanded to the breaking point .
there is simply not enough food shelter or area to sustain continued human growth .
the affect on the environment has left many sick and dying and something had to be done in order to dramatically decrease the growth rate of the human population .
world decree number 43 had been introduced fifty years ago in order to save the earth and to mitigate the harmful affects of overpopulation .
procreative sex or vaginal penetrative sex has been completely outlawed .
any pleasure must now be derived solely from the use of oral or anal penetrative sex .
a new culture and religion has emerged backed by the world government in order to facilitate this change in society .
it has become procedure for women to be trained anally when they come of age in order to learn how to get pleasure from only the use of their anus .
this training involves the use of lots of toys general ass play and the encouraged use of plugs in daily everyday life .
if you consider yourself a total buttslut hit me up for a chat or an rp along these lines
remaining as of sunday 8/14 10:00am 1 sunday 1 monday .
types of ticket s well they are plastic ... say pax on them ... most importantly they are currently at my house .
price s 45 each if we 're meeting in person pass through shipping charges if shipping .
would prefer cash if local amazon gift card if not local oh god i hate paypal
your location local is going to be easiest but you live where you live so we can make it work
even ayer wants it but says it 'd require lobbying ''
i like the trinity force build but i hate top .
i 'm trying to become an ekko otp duo maining jungle and mid .
i always hated top lane because of the champs that go there and how it is the most forgettable and boring lane imo .
i 'm silver 3 trying to get into gold if that means anything .
the new cos are certainly awful there 's no question about that .
i rewatched episode 7 and thinking about it i 'm actually really kinda surprised they/piscatella allowed the inmates to even have a welcome back party for nicky .
i 've got breathe by telepopmusik 6 underground by sneaker pimps destiny by zero 7 teardrop by massive attack trigger hippie by morcheeba porcelain by moby lonely soul by unkle etc ... .. no start artist/song radio '' is doing it for me .
it 's on spotify created by me leishalove only telling you that because i made it collaborative if you feel like adding something on there or any suggestions on here would be awesome too .
i 'm tired of skipping every other song on the radios ... .
i recently received 20 for steam as a gift but have to games in mind if anyone can recommend a game i might like based of what i play that would be great .
i am currently a rising sophomore and am deeply interested in doing an internship at google .
i explored the option of ep but i from talking to others who have gone through the program i found that their projects tend to be easier and i would like to get the full experience '' of working at google .
that being said i have n't had an algorithms class yet i am taking one this semester but i know that google typically starts recruiting in sept/oct .
i have been programming for 5 years and have about 10 solid projects under my belt with a solid github profile online presence and several hackathon wins on the national level ... but i have never really had to deal with the nitty gritty of algorithms at all most of that stuff i can usually just import some packages to take care of that for me or just implement it on my own .
so what is the best course of study to get to know algorithms enough for a cs interview ?
i know of cracking the coding interview but what else can i do between now and oct/december ?
its the perfect opportunity since both devs lie infront of there audiences face
playing an assassin and all fight scenes have my character using his lightsaber as if it were single-bladed cutting himself in half an innumerable amount of times or having an opponent 's lightsaber connect with the hilt of my character 's .
i understand creating new sequences for one class is a ton of more work but come on !
i know i 'm never playing through the story again so how do these fight scenes play out on non-force toons ?
i 'll be seeing the fat ginger faggot on monday in dublin and curious to see who it will be or even who it might be that opens for him .
weather partly cloudy 81 f wind 9mph out to cf game graph http www.fangraphs.com/livewins.aspx ? date=2016-08-13 team=brewers dh=0 season=2016
top 3|joey votto singles on a line drive to left fielder ryan braun .
top 6|brandon phillips singles on a ground ball to right fielder hernan perez .
with scott schebler batting wild pitch by zach davies adam duvall scores .
eugenio suarez homers 19 on a fly ball to left field .
zack cozart singles on a line drive to center fielder keon broxton .
joey votto doubles 21 on a line drive to right fielder hernan perez .
adam duvall out on a sacrifice fly to right fielder hernan perez .
bottom 6|ryan braun homers 20 on a fly ball to center field .
keon broxton grounds into a force out shortstop zack cozart to second baseman brandon phillips .
top 7|tony renda grounds into a force out second baseman scooter gennett to shortstop orlando arcia .
top 8|brandon phillips grounds out shortstop orlando arcia to first baseman chris carter .
bottom 8|martin maldonado homers 6 on a fly ball to center field .
bottom 9|scooter gennett doubles 19 on a sharp ground ball to second baseman brandon phillips .
cin r/reds suarez 's smooth play at third http mediadownloads.mlb.com/mlbam/mp4/2016/08/14/1046454183/1471134609466/asset_1200k.mp4
cin r/reds duvall scores on a wild pitch http mediadownloads.mlb.com/mlbam/mp4/2016/08/14/1046652783/1471137245157/asset_1200k.mp4
cin r/reds votto 's rbi double to right http mediadownloads.mlb.com/mlbam/mp4/2016/08/14/1046740183/1471138843531/asset_1200k.mp4
mil r/brewers braun 's 20th homer of the season http mediadownloads.mlb.com/mlbam/mp4/2016/08/14/1046779683/1471138552496/asset_1200k.mp4
cin r/reds holt 's great grab in center http mediadownloads.mlb.com/mlbam/mp4/2016/08/14/1047072383/1471141843615/asset_1200k.mp4
ruins ben/ethan 's assumptions about something i.e ben asks why jack o ' lantern does n't use his head as a bomb sal responds by saying because his heads in there .
take two drinks when sal busts out his alan moore impersonation .
take two drinks every time she says okay '' quietly
there 's a zoom in on someone 's face .
take 3 drinks if there 's more than 3 guests
remember to drink responsibly and all that psa bullshit blah blah blah
during gameplay steam commonly decides to disconnect from the internet or whatever there 's no reason it should as i am not downloading nor have any open browsers .
i have both steam and tf2 in firewall as excluded yet the problem still remains .
i also play l4d2 and not ever i had any random disconnecting same with any other online games .
edit holyshits it actually turns off my net cant even browse news or whatever during that shitty 15s wait until it boots up again
someone sat on my hood and made a big dent in it .
i took it to a few body shops who all quoted me 800 75 .
mopar has the hood for about 400 and i 'm thinking about just buying the hood and replacing it altogether .
i do n't know if i can get it in the same color or if it even comes painted .
i 've never installed major car parts before and never painted a car so i do n't know if this is something i can feasibly do or if i should just shell out the money to hace the shop repair my current hood .
5 stars jheet elaine victoria mikael freyja patricia dynames lilith ronald vitos lucius and riona .
participants are to briefly explain why they want this account .
i just verbally accepted a job offer over the phone but now i 'm kicking myself for not negotiating a higher salary .
they emailed me the contract and i have n't signed anything yet but i 'm wondering if it 's totally bad form to try to negotiate after the verbal yes . ''
i 'm supposed to go in to sign the paperwork on monday .
there was question about the heritage duck pond being an exeggcute nest .
just caught about 10 during the hour that we were there .
found sigma somewhere last night but i was too tired and have no idea what gave it to me .
just wondering if there 's a best spot to look for them .
i remember reading about this game series that had time travel or something at least the first installment .
it had dating and visual novel elements and the titles have decimal numbers in them .
the point of this deck is to mill the enemy until i win .
biggest problem i have is early game protection from red creatures and ramp .
i was thinking originally of going blue/green and really focusing on the clue production to make use of fleeting memories but i was really liking all these blue cards .
so my small group of friends and i are planning on raiding/recruiting for legion bad thing is most everyone wants to be melee .
if i 'm counting right and assuming everyone continues to play and raid with us we 'll have 10 melee players ... including the tanks .
i want my guild to be a 'let people play what they want ' kinda guild while still making progress but ...
i keep writing epically long posts that no one is going to be interested in .
i became a raging opiate addict following a back injury and prescription to opana irs 10mg 6x a day then being abruptly switched around temporarily .
does n't really work with meds of that level .
i was severely depressed with multiple legit suicide attempts on record withdrawal on that level with only 6 mg subs a day prescribed would seriously be something possibly triggering .
i only snorted for a year minus a few ivs if a friend was generous i have terrible veins .
always have eventually cost effectiveness it was n't worth snorting and i began figuring out ways to shoot .
i began seeking outpatient help a bit over a year ago after i told my therapist i was an addict .
i went to the woman who helped me with booze years before .
either she was overburdened or was clueless to opiates but she did n't have a gd clue .
i was starting to realize this shit was going to cost my life .
i felt bad and wanted my parents to know especially everything we 'd been through with the depression but they were both so stern about drugs and to just get the fuck out of the family if i started .
my best friend made up a ton of shit about me and i lost a lot of my friends .
to this day people think i still use because i was too busy taking care of myself to see that shit was still going on .
it 's kind of sad but fucked up people were that willing to drink the kool aid '' from this girl calling me a junkie when she herself is on methadone for being addicted to her oxys whatever .
told my parents i wanted to get off pain meds .
left early when a counselor would n't let me call my mom and tried to call my bluff about it .
my mom has a tbi so it 's a little different after that i told them we needed to talk and told them the truth .
i detoxes two other times but had medical emergencies and was sent to ers and ultimately sent home .
end of december i was an inpatient for about a week for cardiac shit .
i switched substance abuse counselors when i found out that when she said i was put on a list for methadone clinic and it was 2 months and after 2.5 months an agency i was trying out checked up on it discovered i was never put on the list at the methadone clinic .
i finally had a peak and trough to realize on my own that it was all in my sickly addicted head .
so i was clean for a bit but then prince died and i used like a dumb ass it was a crazy ass day too and my clean date is april 25 2016 .
i do n't expect it to sell amazingly or at all but there was a pretty significant sense of accomplishment having self-published my first short and i wanted to share it with you guys .
i could n't have done it without the support and advice from this community .
for anyone currently on the fence about self-publishing just do it .
it 'll demystify the writing process which may make your famous writer '' dreams seem that much further off but it 'll also convince you that you can do it .
it took me nearly three months to bang out a roughly 11k story which is morally repugnant and a sign of my own severe laziness but i finally did it .
if you 're interested in the story it 's a humorous historical erotica featuring hitler called reich up the ass '' and it 's currently on kdp .
ca n't wait to get back in the writing room .
story is almost untouched just the first chapter on normal .
no modded apk 's or anything have been used on this one .
i have the urge to watch something cathartic after going through a wonderfully cathartic experience recently .
flair options allow submitters to assign their own link flair
i wonder what kind of fun stuff ill find this time !
hmmmmm that 's strange ... i ca n't help but feel like something is following me ... .
asking for a friend he wants to know what level the xm maxes xp wise .
im a 16 year old foilist and at boarding school in the uk during schooltime and go to tokyo to see my larents in the holidays .
the issue is that in the holidays i can not find a club to train at and dont have any kit with me so besides conditioning work what sort of train could i do by myself
edit thank you all for the suggestions i have a lot to look into .
we added women to the game but now we need to add hermaphrodites chicks with dicks .
i work at a medical cannabis dispensary in new mexico and have been brainstorming ideas for promotions to get new patients through the door and coming back .
i do n't expect to get any ideas i can lift from this post since every state has such different rules for selling pricing and promoting their dispensaries .
i do however expect to get a sense for how creative people are getting out there .
what 's the most interesting dispensary promotion you 've seen ?
i 've been stuck in a cave system on planet rip in system harambe for six hours now .
please send help i ca n't find my way out .
i have work at 12 tomorrow mornin so not too bad but i 'm still in a bad ould way .
i work in argos and i do n't really know what 's goin on half the time .
tbh i do n't really know what i 'm tryin to say other than ... tell me about an awful oul time ya 's had to go into work.. just make me feel a bit better plz .
tomorrow is the big day for fastpass picks for my group !
we 've already sorted out our priorities for epcot tier 1 fea is first pick if that 's all gone then we 'll go for soarin ' but wondering about tier 2 .
one member of my party loves spaceship earth for good reason i love it too !
so we 'll aim to snag one for that .
are there any other tier 2 attractions at epcot that you feel are worth getting a fp for ?
my inclination was to not even get a third fp because at least then once we use up both that we have in advance we can try to get one for something else if we still want to .
we may not need a third since from 11am on we will be enjoying the food wine festival .
none of us really want to go on mission space .
i was thinking maybe we could reserve the character spot as a placeholder and we can always cancel it ?
it is my understanding that zazen is done without and object of meditation simply allowing what comes to go and so on .
however i have also seen that one should follow the breath it seems to me that this would make the breath the object of meditation ?
how much experience is needed to get a policy job with the bc government ?
i have heard that some junior policy positions require 3-5 years of previous policy experience ...
i 've recently graduated from university with a ba and have been working as a junior policy analyst in another part of the country but would like to return to bc eventually .
current flying in atmosphere seems very restricted on some angles which really sucks for me ofc they could leave press e to land for inexperienced players ...
and lookaround in cockpit would be nice since i have to turn around just to see what i just flew by because it popped last second in my screen and i did n't get a good view what was that very low pc spec player ... .
hello i 've got a setup of compressed gravel going into the auto heavy sieve and then into a chest .
unfortunately the book i have used to upgrade it keeps getting sucked into the chest as well .
my store got inventoried a week or so ago and came out with under 1mil in shrink i found this suspicious and started asking how .
a few dms told me the inventory company didnt even do the backroom only the sales floor .
so now because our counts were all low the pos ordering system is going crazy ordering things we have plenty of in the back and we are constantly having ridiculous hours in some areas .
i have no clue if there 's anything we can do about this but it 's killing us .
i like to do a 4 on the sides incremented up to a 10 on top .
my wahl color pro set has been working well for years but has developed a little rust .
i 'm considering the wahl elite pro or the wahl 5 star senior .
the elite pro is self-sharpening '' which sounds nice .
i bought the oster 76 and it sucks for this .
really ca n't figure out what to buy because i just want a clean cut without over or underspending .
bonus stuff if i 'm stuck with traditional histories rather than contemporaneous writings how many different traditions are there that i 'd be working with ?
which turn out with the knowledge we have now to be most and least accurate ?
κατά αρχήν συγνώμη για τα ορθογραφικά λάθη που ακολουθούν .
also sorry if this is n't the right place p
όπως είπα στον τίτλο μένω αγγλία εδώ και 4 χρόνια σπούδασα στην αγγλία και τώρα έχω full time εργασία .
διστυχώς έκαναν δημοψήφισμα για το αν θα παραμήνουν στην εε και ψήφισαν να φύγουν .
επίσης διστυχως how the hell do you spell that word ? !
δεν μπορώ να πάρω citizenship/permanent residency/anything of the sort επιδή όταν σπούδαζα δεν είχα health insurance ούτε έβγαζα αρκετά για να πληρώνω φόρο άρα δεν έχω καμία διαβεβέωση ότι θα μπορώ να παραμίνω αγγλία .
οι νόμοι που έχουν για non-eu migrants αν γίνουν apply και σε μας οι ίδιοι τρέχα γύρευε .
i simply exited the game after getting out of my ship taking a break of having spent so long playing having a blast when when i get back in the game it throws me back to the 'initialize ' screen from the start of the game .
that 's ... concerning '' i thought and restarted the game again to see if it was just a glitch .
then i went after the intro sequence to the previous save files .
however when trying to load that file nothing seemed to happen .
both 'current save file ' which was still from the old one and the the previous save file a minute earlier did n't seem to load .
i 've tried various things renaming the files and so forth .
i 've included a .rar file which has the save files in case someone wants to take a look and see if it 's salvageable .
audible 's got a 2-books-for-1-credit sale https www.audible.com/sp/2for1 ? ref_=a_hp_c2_1 up that runs through the 22nd .
looks like a pretty good selection i 've already found a half dozen or so that i 'm considering !
i took screenshots of the sale as i see it with the usual caveat that anything i already owned before the sale is n't visible to me for example a friend mentioned gaiman 's trigger warning but i ca n't see it because i got it in a previous 2 for 1 sale http imgur.com/a/3lybj http imgur.com/a/3lybj
i just wanted to know how is ultra mobile 's service in seattle ?
i am planning to get a new ultra mobile connection .
nothing was explained in the game as to if the jungle camps give you buffs or anything .
is it really that hard to unlock legends in this game ?
i feel like i 'm almost forced to pay money to get a legend i want .
its so big and way too near to center of screen .
it tends to get on my way way too often when aiming .
just move it a bit down or reduce it 's size so it does n't distract when aiming .
chapter 474 his resolve as the hokage ... ! ! ''
chapter 475 madara shows his true worth ! ! ''
chapter 483 teacher and student once more ! ! ''
all content can be discussed openly besides boruto the movie .
and remember if you feel like complaining about the upcoming fillers just talk about the reread instead .
for every person who asks when it ends studio pierrot adds 3 more episodes .
was killing off danzo this quickly after the itachi reveal his first real arc in effect a good decision ?
last week 's discussion volume 50 battle of death inside the water prison chapters 464-473 https www.reddit.com/r/naruto/comments/4woc6q/naruto_reread_volume_50
next week volume 52 everyone of team 7 ! !
i 've been feeling kinda horny lately and want to try something i have n't done in a while .
i want to show you guys some sfw pics of some people i know and hear what you think .
i want to hear speculations guesses dirty thoughts what you plan on doing to them what you want me to do to them maybe even a short story or two .
basically some rating speculating and all around dirty talk .
i 'd also really appreciate a tribute if you fellas are up to it .
comment in this thread or join the discussion over at the overwatch sunday steam group https steamcommunity.com/groups/redditoverwatch .
try to do as many cases as you can aim for at least 5 .
record your process or stream it to the world if you wish .
even better you more experienced folk could lend a hand to our newly badged overwatch sheriffs .
make a guide adopt a rookie or just do some cases .
it 's all for the betterment of the community so let 's get started !
treat everyone as innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt !
event3-5 hey i 'm working on my living dex and first up is the completion of the kanto region .
just need the legendaries from kanto to complete the 151 !
all shinies are either self bred/hatched or obtained via the svexchange subreddit .
i 'm looking for the legendaries to complete my living dex hence the stats/etc .
yo so i mainly play tank in wow and i like getting lots of gold from the bags that drops from hc dungeons but since the prepatch i have n't got any since then while i should get like 5/day
i know they 're going to implement a better beg that drops 1k cash but i 'd still like to make some gold
i have been watching twitch 's streams on my second monitor for years and recently i do n't know exactly since when 1 month maybe whenever the stream i 'm watching ends firefox main process not the plugin-container which make it even weirder has its memory usage skyrocket up to completely using all my free ram 16gb in the span of few seconds like it can go from 600 mb to xx gb very quickly .
i did some testing waiting for a stream to end and i found out that both main and plugin-container processes were n't seeing their cpu usage going down as it should when a stream stop like when you load an offline stream page but also that just moving the cursor in one of my opened firefox 's windows would bring back the memory usage to what it was .
i often see the x process is using too much memory '' windows message pop but at that point firefox processes are already gone probably auto killed by some windows mechanism .
but when i 'm unlucky the leakage can cause my computer to hang on a black screen with no sound and the cursor blinking at a slow pace .
i guess in those moments firefox has leaked into system reserved memory or i do n't know what which cause drivers atleast nvidia driver to crash .
it happened again few days ago during my testing and i had to hard reset .
so here i am wondering why i seem to be the only one with this new issue which would seem to have started after checking date with the latest flash update july 12 but i 'm not sure about that since it does n't happen on chrome .
send steam offer https steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new ? partner=110032988 token=krehiuia or add me .
i 'm trying to make my first mission using eden and most of it makes sense .
i 'm running into a problem of having a plane take off from an airfield 215093 .
can planes only be launched from one of the major airfields or can the ai launch opfor planes from one of the smaller airfields ?
currently when i try to have a plane take off it starts taxing and then goes on a weird off roading trip ...
i have the feeling it is trying to get to the large airport for take off .
this is an automatic summary original http reuters.com/article/worldnews/iduskcn10o0ex reduced by 78 .
turkey says gulen who has lived in self-imposed exile in rural pennsylvania since 1999 masterminded the failed july 15 putsch when a group of rogue soldiers commandeered tanks warplanes and helicopters in an attempt to overthrow the government .
quot there is no compromise apart from this chief terrorist coming to turkey and being prosecuted quot yildirim was quoted as saying by state-run anadolu agency .
turkey 039 s foreign minister said this week documents had been sent to the united states and that turkey had received quot positive signals quot about gulen 039 s possible extradition .
the white house said on saturday that u.s. vice president joe biden would visit turkey on aug. 24 the first trip by a high-ranking u.s. official since the abortive coup .
yildirim said a u.s. technical team would visit turkey on aug. 22 to discuss legal issues relating to the possible extradition according to anadolu .
u.s. officials have said that the united states has a formal process for dealing with extradition requests and that turkey must provide solid evidence of gulen 039 s involvement .
summary source http smmry.com/http reuters.com/article/worldnews/iduskcn10o0ex faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 76834 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords turkey 1 gulen 2 state 3 u.s. 4 erdogan 5
post found in r/worldnews http np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/4xmkb2/turkey_says_no_compromise_with_washington_on and r/besteurope http np.reddit.com/r/besteurope/comments/4xmkyt/turkey_says_no_compromise_with_washington_on .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
so i 've been using the orange tree evolution steel string acoustic sample library recently and it 's quite good but it has a nasty issue where it just straight up wo n't play common tones in strums and intervals e.g .
if a guitar plays a c and g together then c and a it 'll only play the a the second time .
i imagine this is probably some kind of default setting but i want to switch it off anybody know how to do that ?
i should mention i 'm using kontakt in conjunction with finale if that changes anything .
is there really a boost when you place techs next to their base feature ?
it supposedly creates a synergy boost as shown by the color highlight .
does the game end when spoiler '' you deliver the 10 atlas stones to the interface ?
what 's the best weapon with most slots that you 've found so far ?
soon the killers wo n't be able to see what rank or levels the survivors are .
most people think that 'd be pretty cool less jumped lobbies and stuff like that .
rank 1 level 50s vs rank 20 level 1s .
so many new people are gon na get screwed over by this .
high ranked survivors are bound to grief and turn every game into a hook-less snore-fest .
meanwhile a high ranked killer is just gon na destroy any hope a new survivor ever escaping .
my point is if they are going to remove the killer 's power of seeing the rank and levels of the survivors he is up against should n't we fix the matchmaking first so unfair match-ups are much less likely ?
some people argue it could be amazing in control warrior during fatigue because it erases everything and the warrior is already in fatigue so it 's okay .
then in other decks it can be good because it can give a last stab attempt to get back into the game like dragon warrior .
seriously thinking of crafting him in gold because he looks amazing .
i keep trying to do this on every other toon of mine..
found a really cool crashed ship repaired it flew around in it to several waypoints did quite a bit of exploring .
logged back in to find that i was in my previous ship at a previous waypoint with all the stuff i had done since then gone
really the first negative experience i 've had so far .
i just scored a 250g tank with stand plumbing and lighting for a song and dance .
it 'll be my first time mucking about with a properly plumbed tank .
once it passes a leak test and gets cleaned up there are a few glaring gaps in my knowledge .
how big of a tank should i toss under the stand ?
any tips or tricks i should know about before i get balls deep ?
but seriously my new case comes in tuesday so i have no idea if my stuff is going to work or not .
in the off chance that my reassembled pc does n't work what is salvageable ?
if my motherboard if the one damaged is my cpu okay ?
also looking to buy a guardian elite pin for 12 keys .
it has always been my biggest fantasy to transform into a woman .
i have ideal specifics on what i would look like but really what i 'm looking for is to play some sort of celebrity .
anyone from television movies music or porn is fair game .
as to how we go about changing me that 's really up to you considering you 're the one with that power .
incredibly submissive as a woman so mostly anything goes .
i got ta repay whoever makes my dream come true very well anyway .
ca n't wait to find that one person who can make this all happen !
turn ons include impregnation public and outdoor situations boob play porn making breast expansion celeb play and crossdressing when possible
the entire video was of a brunette girl in doggy position facing viewer on a stool/office chair with wheels but there was no back to the chair ?
the guy was behind just givin it to her lmao you never see his face i think the farthest up in screen was his stomach ?
i saw it while scrolling through random porn accounts on tumblr maybe 4 or 5 years ago ? ?
here http pastebin.com/pt2swvtm is the script that seems to be crashing and line 558 is where it directs me to
please use the unprefixed 'hidden ' and 'visibilitystate ' instead.1 favico.js:558:3
i do n't know what this means and what to do
i am on windows 8.1 and the most up todate version firefox
the zeus should leave the barbs on the wall where you shoot so you know where you missed .
i will not go first unless you are super reputable .
you must have a official rep thread at least a half page of rep no steam profile comments do n't count .
post in my rep thread after our transaction and i will return the favor to you !
if i am not accepting adds right away i may be dealing with another trader or i am away/asleep .
i will get back to you as soon as possible .
just took a big chunk out of my finger from the metal housing the rollers .
basically i 've wanted to get one for awhile now but the main thing keeping me back was cash .
now that my summer job has wraped up i 'm thinking about buying one .
i 'd like something i can clean in 5-10 minutes .
it does n't need to be easy i just need to get it done in that amount of time like during a shower .
i really only have 60 to spend but i would like to get it at 40 if at all possible .
while my parents do n't go through my mail they will probably handle the box .
a plain brown box will do so long as it does n't have anything written on it .
some people will say who cares if your parents see it '' my parents while very liberal and i mean very are very sexually repressive for their own reasons .
i do n't want to kick the hornets nest .
i do have my own debit card but they log into my account to check where i 'm buying stuff online and out and about from so if i were to use a site other than amazon or ebay or another site i 'd need to move cash into paypal and i do n't know if that 's possible to do with a debit card and frankly i 'd rather not try
i never use lotion or water when jerking off .
if i do is there any way to make it or get it cheaper ?
for me it 's a toss up between two foods
an entire hungry howie 's pizza with pepperoni bacon and extra cheese on a garlic and herb crust .
pad thai noodles with chicken pork shrimp peanuts egg cashew bean sprouts and the medium amount of thai spices .
now i 'm about to go to town with an xl kit kat bar .
i just shut down my computer and windows 10 updated .
i also unplugged everything afterwards to check something inside my computer and plugged everything back in if that matters .
but now i 'm stuck at the lenovo screen at boot up .
does anyone know if there 's a fix for this ?
dunno if anyone else has found this bug or it 's just me .
if you purchase the contraption/flairs no matter when you purchase them most often they will show up at the first place in the item bar .
the order of the items in item bar seems really random most of the time however there seems to be a certain algorithm tho .
this is actually really sweet but sometimes when you press the contraption/flair button if they are in the front the subsequent direction circle just quickly vanished before you make any moves !
it has seriously affected the efficiency in a fierce battle especially when you play roam .
semc could you please give us an option to rearrange the item bar ?
i play on iphone 6s plus most of them time and it 's appearing on my ipad mini as well .
both of my devices are on ios 10 dev beta 4 .
she was the one that initiated it and we dated for several months .
before doing this we had been friends for a year and had known each other since third grade .
we invested a lot in each other but i learned a lot more about her and her circumstances in the time that we were dating and recently we agreed to just go our separate ways .
she seemed to be able to be very destructive on occasion .
she had already tried to break up before but came and begged me to come back .
she seemed genuinely sorry but her problems came into play .
she is very sensitive to suggestions from her family and when one of her parents made a comment about her being very young she went into break up mode again .
this was again a surprise to me as we had just seen each other that day and she seemed very content .
as expected a day or so later she was back to trying to make it work .
i tried too but she knew i was n't wanting it again .
she asked me if i wanted to go again and i said no .
we agreed that she needed to sort things out and probably get some professional help with her violent mood swings .
in addition issues with her family made me very uncomfortable even though they all seemed to like me .
it was also agreed that we still had very deep unresolved feelings for each other and that we needed to not talk for a long time .
i regret the decision to leave but ultimately i could n't see a way to feel comfortable with her again .
so the question is where do i go now ?
normally i would go to a best friend but that was her .
i am not fully convinced she wo n't come back claiming she 's changed '' but i feel like doing it again would just mean being back here again in a month.it is hard because i like everything but just a few things about her and her circumstances but those few things seem like they would be a death sentence to any future attempts .
she still means more to me than anyone and i want to know how i should go about moving on or if i even should right now .
edit i should also note that she has a very bad home life currently .
she still lives with them and there are clear signs that there a several kinds of abuse that have happened under the roof .
basic web apps using node/express scrapers for scraping pages or sites normally using python .
betting or finance related apps or spreadsheets and calculators .
my rates are very competitive at about 25 per hour .
but my usp is quality code and fast response .
i can also share my github and elance profiles in private .
check out a client feedback for me https www.reddit.com/r/forhire/comments/1togxb/for_hire_ccpython_programmer_currently/ce9z38l from a redditor too .
my normal rate is 25 per hour payable in paypal or bitcoin .
send me description of your project/work and i could also reply with a rough estimate .
hi currently i am looking for a lucrative tank and and i checked vbaaddict and tank.gg .
currently i have the e8 and cromwell in my garage .
http www.vbaddict.net/statistics.php ? tier=6 tanktype=2 nation=0 premium=1 modeid=0 team=0 battles=1000 groupby=0 fieldname=creditsn server i notice that vk 30.01 p has a huge net income compared to the e8 .
now i checked tank.gg http tanks.gg/wot/compare t vk-3001-p.c vk-3001-d.c cromwell.c t-34-85.c vk-3002-m.c m4a3e8 and i noticed the 30p ammo is way more expensiv dmg per credits so i dont understand how the netincome is way higher .
can anybody explain to me how this adds up ?
any suggestions for a nice med to make credits ?
so i decided to start up this new prompt that i 'd love to get something going on !
i 'd love for one of us to play lucy hale http i.imgur.com/37tunjp.jpg .
if you 'd prefer someone else i 'd love to hear who you have in mind !
so i have two scenes i 'd like to try
i 'm browsing one day when i see your name and picture pop up .
i think it must be a joke or a troll but i swipe right anyway for the hell of it .
from there we can play out a couple of messages where you reveal that you 're actually the real deal etc ...
the second involves me managing to get invited to some big shot new york party because a my sister knows someone important .
once we arrive though she ditches me to find some guy she was hooking up with leaving me at the bar with a drink in my hand looking around the club ...
so make a choice and let me know if you 're interested !
possible celebs alison brie nina dobrev margot robbie brittany snow dianna agron victoria justice emma roberts sophie turner blake lively and anyone else you 'd like to suggest !
every once in a while i get a bit angry about the state of aa .
the esf has 3000 hp with 75 small arms resistance for an effective hp level of 12.000 .
max has 2000 hp 80 resistance for 10.000 ehp .
btw composite armor increases small arms resistance by 10 so 75 85 .
on this forum plenty of a2a pilots lament that if aa is buffed it affects their a2a gameplay .
suggestion buff the small arms effectiveness and sniper rifle vs all aircraft .
for small arms i would suggest putting esf resistance at 65 a 40 buff in damage dealt .
hitting 30 125 dmg bullets would deal 30x 125 x 0.35 1312.5 dmg .
but that would mean an esf basically hovering still you 're never pulling that off vs a high flying dogfighting esf or even a low moving esf .
assume 25 accuracy how many people are you going to need to destroy an esf ?
about a full squad without other aa presuming they can all pump 30 rounds at it
the valk i understand is underpowered atm no good armament of it 's own but i would still put it at 80 resistance .
that leaves the liberator and galaxy which i would put at 90 resistance maybe 95 .
hovering still over a base should not be good gameplay .
this gets dropped to 70 a sniper rifle bullet normally doing 600 dmg would deal 180 dmg to an esf 3000 hp note that at the moment esf has 90 sniper resistance valk 80 .
lib would have effectively 50.000 hp vs small arms/sniper galaxy 70.000 .
so this would mainly make it a poorer idea to go hovering over a base .
there is one more change to adress anti-air machine gun resistance vs heavy machine gun .
galaxy 75-85 but valk and lib go 70 60 and 75-70 .
meaning their resistance vs aa mg is higher than vs hmg .
walker would deal 20 damage vs liberator and 25 vs valk .
obviously hmg would deal less damage on the other hand .
so i 'm currently enjoying the thrill of having coverage this season of something other than the premier league and the ucl but i 've never had a chance to see any of the italian teams outside of european competion .
what i was wondering was what teams/players are worth watching ?
also some general background on the league would be great !
not sure why my wardens are n't releasing a prisoner ?
they are healing from wounds now but my wardens have had several chances to release them it just seems that the option is blocked .
ca n't even try and prioritize them as the task goes to cleaning the blood and dirt rather than anything to do with the prisoner .
i just bought a chisel and i 'd prefer not to waste a charge to test to see how would it look like .
i know there are many problems with the game but this game is truly a masterpiece i found a lush planet with red grass and yellow sky 's and although i knew j had to move on i really did n't want to because i knew i 'd never be able to see that planet again and now i 'm sad
he knew of things in heaven and on earth the word of god and there meaning what people were thinking what was in man 's heart and how the disciples would die .
can you think of anything he did not know ?
to answer this question we will need to see who really is this person we call jesus .
is he fully god or is he fully man ?
we will look at jesus being fully man next week .
but is jesus fully god as we find in the scripture ?
in genesis it tells us that god hovered over the face of the earth and then he spoke everything into existence concerning the world we know .
here we find the reality of how godly jesus was .
the creativity of what god did come from his mind and we can now call this mind of god the father .
when he hovered over the earth we find that he had no body but rather it was the spirit of god that moved over the earth .
it was the voice of god that created all things .
in john 1 1 it tells us that it was the voice of god that became man .
these three are one and can not be separated at any time .
the mind of god is moved wherever he goes by his spirit and when he speaks it is by his voice .
how does god make the transition to become fully human as well as fully god ?
in deuteronomy 18 he tells us that he will raise up a prophet from the jews and he will command him what to say .
jesus himself tells us that it is the father who tells him what to say .
jn 12 49 back to our question does jesus know everything ?
when asked when heaven and earth will pass away jesus tells us that he does not know the answer because the father has not revealed it to him .
if jesus does not know everything and we are his followers and he lives in us then 1 corinthians 13 9 would make perfect sense .
we know in part and we prophesy in part .
john 3 tells us that there are some things we might not be able to understand so what we do know that we speak of .
looking at the ministry of jesus we can see that jesus did not start out teaching about the kingdom of heaven and his death but he started with what his followers could understand .
as his time on earth was coming to a close he spent much more time with them explaining what was to come .
it was not until the day of pentecost that they fully knew what jesus had been telling them and then it was the father speaking through the spirit that taught them .
for know we will be content with knowing in part and sharing that knowledge with others .
we will also be looking forward to that time when christ returns in all his glory and then we will know fully .
since we know in part let us continue to learn from god asking him for the knowledge that we need to know .
maybe have it so using the item on the thing it was made on will give the option to convert it .
this bug allows you to keep your old ship with the same items upgrades and slots but you get the appearance of the new ship without having to repair it !
go to a crashed ship accept the ship reload to previous save and not current and enjoy your old ship with a new appearance !
hey guys i 'm trying to sell my steam account .
i got rocket league plus all the dlcs payday 2 plus some dlcs and csgo and some unturned skins and 1,59€ in the store .
i do n't have a fixed price so tell me your offers .
i 've had a couple people tell me i should watch arrow .
however i 've heard that the new seasons are garbage .
why are they bad and should i watch the show ?
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
also feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score so people can compare .
my sister and i walked to the shops to get pancake ingredients and then came home and made pancakes and hot chocolates at 4pm on a sunday because why the hell not .
i really enjoy devil 's lab https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=imk-y8w6yha from final fantasy vi but the remixes tend to be much better https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=jqg2kc0d19a
dang how many pages deep were you to come across this post in r/all .
i 'm still of the opinion that the agot prologue with waymar royce and the tower of joy flashback in neds chapter are still the best chapters in the whole series for me .
also littlefinger pushing lysa through the moon door was a great chapter .
going off of this using their names in kanji except kamukura
adding 4 cards gives you almost a 50 chance less .
explored abandoned mine shafts uranium silver gold copper lead mercury with just my mag light and my girlfriend .
we found lots of strange stuff like guns bodies clay tobacco pipes and tools .
i 've noticed the same pattern with me and my bullies .
the teachers do n't care or tell you to ignore these seemingly harmless crimes .
then all of a sudden the it 's one too many times and that 's it game over whatever you do in retaliation you do to make sure they never mess with you again .
for me it was a girl who keep hitting me she 'd call me nasty names i put up with it for months on end and no one ever did anything .
to make it worst i went to catholic school so it was more about how she needs to pray to god and i need to forgive .
eventually she hits me and i snap and i just start choking her .
i pretty sure in a fit of rage i just blacked out .
the school then proceed to tell me i was lying about the fact that she was bullying me and that i was just a violent person and therefore i should be punished .
i am upset that hackers ruin this game for people on my team and the enemy team .
lol it was a little funny because pictures like that go way back i had friends that childhood pictures like that but the year said 1980 or 90 something .
so when i saw the number in her pic i had to do a double and triple check to make sure i was reading it right .
gunna save this for later and report back on january 4
i was surprised no one else mentioned my hamilton reference ...
i remember watching the first episode with my sister .
i feel like there was a moment when we looked at each other in awe of how awesome this show was .
though that was largely because that first song was super catchy .
you did not include the image 's resolution the width and height in pixels in the title .
you should put the resolution in brackets at the end of your title .
please check the faq in the sidebar for information on how to find the resolution .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/earthporn if you have any questions or concerns .
this would align it with the standard model that every other paradox game follows .
the whole 4x style was a risky choice for them while i enjoy it i feel that op is right .
stellaris really needs some bookmarks where we can dive into an established galaxy .
i did this once and an employee started following me and ordering me to give him all the tabs like 4 i found in the theatre .
he followed me all the way out of the theatre demanding this .
i 've been curious since do the cineplex managers encourage employees to stop movie goers from doing this ?
you 've thrown the mysoginist card that 's not a sign of intelligence sorry .
voting trump is a much more intelligent option he 'll definitely shake the status quo but not as much as democrats are saying he will deportation nukes walls etc .
are all just stupid things he says to get free media coverage and win the votes of some stupid conservatives .
also watch this video from a hillary supporter https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=d99e4r4gs9q
i 'd have to say my two favorites are the ones from turin and albertville .
not quite sure how hearthstone works on mobile i never really got into it .
there 's a toggle option to display your current cards in your hand ?
it 's mostly because when i walk i kinda zone out thinking about fish or cats or some tv show or whatever then i kick my toe on something that has been in the same place for over 5 years .
im guessing it will be implemented as a trade good though you will be able to board a ship and take the ai and players prisoner if both observe rp
now when you say intercourse '' ... is oral on the table ?
at worst you get two of the same hero .
pretty sure that was the shanghai major and i think it was last year
i 've hated the leafs since i was old enough to like hockey .
here 's the wiki https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_bear_and_the_maiden_fair for the episode .
it 's one of the four episodes he 's written the script for .
the largest present dao token holder is the withdrawal contract .
exactly what you said is what most people do n't realize they have to do when they try something .
most people think of training as just hitting your head on a wall '' but its actually not .
it 's what you said analyze be efficient self criticism .
this is peyto lake in banff national park in alberta .
your breath end up smelling like coffee and eggs and the toothpaste makes that shit taste bad .
i picked up playing a little arena while out exploring it 's a nice change of pace !
also in the suicide squad trailer there was deadshot telling diablo he was just trying to get him there .
although this was a correct context the timing and execution of that joke in the actual movie was just so much worse .
it 's just that it wasnt funny unfortunately theres another upvoted comment in this thresd mentioning sex about the dog too .
nope i do n't think that about the military .
i study vietnam world war two and world war one and i know war is fucking hell .
in a ge debate that would be about as helpful to him as calling her a doodyhead and giving her the raspberry .
i was the guy had been outraged by that punched the woman and then saved the dog with no regard for this woman .
but how can you be best friends with a bandit outlaw or a draugr deathlord like that other guy in this comment section ?
no core staff are diomedea the directorial team are gainax regulars .
in most cases the studio is just the building it 's made in whilst the majority of staff are freelancers .
make sure on that particular string you are using more of the front of the finger and hopefully that will help with some of the muting .
in order to use that part of the finger arch it more .
one thing also that people miss is to turn the palm of the fretting hand a little bit toward the bridge side of the guitar instead of having it perpendicular to the neck .
this way you can use the front and side of the finger as a smaller contact patch when you are attempting to keep the other strings open .
as everyone has their own tech they 've developed i 'm sure this will get disagreed with but it 's worked to keep my playing cleaner and i 've got fairly thick fingers .
on the flip side i 've been eating quorn for 10 years and i was served beef mince in a restaurant by mistake once and i immediately noticed it was the most bland food i 'd eaten in ages .
tasted horrible so i asked if it was out of date and he said no because meat comes in freshly every day .
people act like quorn is tasteless and it 's like ... yeah no shit .
you do n't go round eating unseasoned beef so why would you eat unseasoned quorn ?
it was produced in soviet ukraine and has the engine in the rear which is why it tipped backward so easily .
alright here 's what the magical markov chain gods have generated from 957 of u/thatonechappy 's comments
the power vacuum left by the setting and enemy design .
those world states are impossible to accomplish with a crossbow and you will get ganged up on tommy and co .
oh man my first time loved it could n't do it earlier because they genuinely are dangerous .
he means all of them are n't forced into it in the main threat is less white walker and more ai manipulation but they do not wish vindication on this sub react ?
classic tanks just do n't like batman which is what makes him interesting to me how many fathers and sons and mothers and daughters has tommy cut up to it but he did n't deny the idea and that makes things somewhat difficult .
it gets click from people who normally would n't click .
it 's just your run of the mill b2c web marketing .
he could have bowed in all forms of martial arts it 's seen as a form of respect if you do n't have respect for your fellow athletes at least have respect for the nature of the games and the sport itself
a couple of my friends who fursuit have some type of bird call they use they buy them cheaply online .
kinda makes me feel like i bought a 40 dollar game plus a 20 dollar season pass .
watching each team play you 'd have them the wrong way around
id step away befor the emperor spreads his glory all over your face and lower back .
definitely not in my lifetime or my kids ... ..but i 'll hold out hope
i never understand why people alt+tab between rounds let alone between choosing an op and starting the round..
if you are a dick people are less likely to help you when you need it .
honestly white weenie was the only thing i lost against .
it just comes on so quick and i just was n't able to keep up .
selfless spirit sac planar outburst saved all my creatures but killed all the spiders against an ishkanah deck .
i would say declaration in stone and planar out burst for the spider .
black white control i struggled against but just kind of wiggled through not sure how i would side board against it .
ojutai 's command i 'd definitely main board if you do n't have it already .
it can bring back most of your spirits and either counter a creature or give you card draw if you 're stuck top decking .
over all depending on your shops meta it 's a really fun deck .
the mods doing their best to run the game ?
who needs strategy when you can just 1v1 bash everyone lol although i have to say those chronos were amazing especially the one on clinkz at the end
people i work with had a painter who did that .
worked for all of three days on their 1200 contract to repaint a house before he got fired .
kid would cook in the house use their dishware watch tv etc .
brought his girlfriend in once and was there watching netflix while he painted '' the same room .
washed his tools in the bathtub clogged the toilet cooked spaghetti o 's without a lid stained a sink yellow smoked in the front yard and threw his butts in the grass .
turns out the realtor had never once had a problem with this kid but never checked his credentials .
kid worked day jobs installing gutters and was n't ever officially trained or licensed .
there 's a farmer 's market at triwood community center every tuesday from like 3 to 7i think .
i am posting the content of the flyer assuming this is the flyer in question
anal warts picture left studies in san francisco and vancouver have found nearly 100 of hiv homosexuals and 67 of hiv homosexuals are infected with hpv of the rectum this virus leads to anal warts and anal cancer .
in addition to hpv of the rectum homosexuals are at high risk of acquiring anal cancer chlamydia cryptosporidium giardia lamblia herpes cystoisospora belli microsporidia gonorrhea hepatitis a b amp c and syphilis .
some of these diseases are almost exclusively homosexual in nature others such as gonorrhea and syphilis were traditionally heterosexual but are rapidly becoming epidemic in the homosexual subculture .
aids fatality picture left many homosexuals falsely believe that sodomy is safe and with the advancement of new anti-retroviral therapy medications that there is no need to worry about aids anymore .
while anti-aids medications are prolonging life dramatically the truth is an average of 15,000 people still succumb to aids annually in north america and the anti-retroviral regimen in
and of its self is a source of suffering that can shorten lives of hiv people .
common side effects of anti-aids medications are nausea vomiting rashes heart disease liver problems lipodystrophy diabetes .
walt heyer picture left walt thought he was a woman and had a so called sex change operation .
walt damaged his body with unnatural female hormones and had his genitals removed .
after 8 years of living a lie and trying to be a female walt repented of his sin turned to jesus christ and embraced his manhood once again .
in spite of his self and doctor inflicted mutilation walt is living a substantially restored life and is married to a wonderful woman and is happy living with his god given gender .
if you are struggling with gender confusion do n't let homosexual activist therapists lie to you and tell you you can be a gender other than your birth gender .
natural law is clear homosexuality is incompatible with human nature .
disease death and confusion are the sad and sordid realities of the homosexual lifestyle .
the gay zombies are concerned about the spiritual psychological and physical welfare of all potential homosexual pride attendees so we want to give you this accurate information and encourage you to abstain from the homosexuality .
justin trudeau picture left prime minister of canada and leader of the liberal party .
justin is a chronic attendee of homosexual pride parades and is the leader of a party with a long and sordid history of homosexual activism and both enabling and actively participating in child sexual abuse .
homosexuals at the toronto pride parade have been known to engage in oral sex on each other in public .
some believe oral sex on strange men is risk free the unfortunate homosexual in the above picture understands this not the case .
former liberal defense minister bill graham sodomized a 15 year old male prostitute by the name of lawrence metherel .
this crime by the powerful bi-sexual received plenty of press attention but not quite in the way one would expect .
the national media raged against conservative mp cheryl gallant for saying under her breath quot ask your boyfriend quot and called the comment a quot homophobic slur. quot not a single media outlet other than lifesite news and a handful of conservative blogs bothered to tell the public the quot boyfriend quot was in fact an underage male prostitute .
for canada 39 s major media outlets pro-homosexual political correctness is more important than the welfare of exploited boys .
bill graham voted for same sex marriage and to lower the age of consent for sodomy to 14 when he was sitting in parliament .
lesbian liberal premier kathleen wynne and her buddy who sat beside her at the toronto homosexual pride parade former deputy education minister now convicted child pornographer with an incest fetish benjamin levin .
picture left notwithstanding liberal denials benjamin 39 s paw prints are all over ontario 39 s perverted sex education curriculum telling impressionable 6 year olds they can switch their genders and 13 year olds they can make the decision when to have anal sex .
wynne is ramming this perverted propaganda down parent 39 s and children 39 s throats even though thousands have taken to the streets protesting it .
canada has embarked on a destructive journey towards sexual anarchy and homosexual inspired oppression .
the fruit of sexual anarchy is the rejection of god 's plan of life long heterosexual matrimony and replacing the virtues of chastity fidelity unconditional love and life long commitment to one 's spouse with promiscuity polyamory pornography and homosexuality .
the clear evidence contained in this package shows canada 's new sexual ethic is contrary to natural law and no good will come from it .
the rejection of true marriage is also in direct opposition to god 's law and it is our duty to warn you that those who choose to rebel
against the god who created them do so to their eternal peril .
for those reading this gospel package we also want to let you know there is a god who loves you and who is real and who has made a way for you to come to him .
people recently memeing about recruiting anthony davis and all i 'm seeing is dray recruiting cuz
what 's fun to do here in the bay anja ? ''
4 ariel atoms the mclaren 570s was there and a group of supras .
also the pilot s10 in 0.5 and for something pocket-safe and way way cheaper than the rotring 800 ! ! !
it 's smooth small and has both a rubberized body for grip and a retractable nib .
im a big fan of the uk based highfocus records as well as hilltophoods and seth sentry from australia .
i really like what alot of uk preducers are doing right now boom bap beats but with a mondern spin .
olso i think uk accents sound really cool and gritty when they rap .
it actually makes it feel more dangerous than it really is for me .
just feels so sci-fi like i 'm hitting them with some advanced weapon .
i ca n't find anything about it after some googling .
this list of his is so fucking stupid and creepy it 's enough by itself to get away from him .
do n't really care what he 's like otherwise .
i could have sworn there was more than one of these .
edit/ninja edit the one at the museum is a replica .
there 's a link posted in the comments here .
next time it 's going to be hard to create one with firefox
i 'm sure others will think twice about exposing our governemet 's corruptiom
gk should have been when plankton was a huge giant destroying the city
no i just used to read wikipedia articles a lot .
you should mention this part it 'll make your story more believable .
why the fuck do we not have olympic dodgeball oh my fuck
are you saying moments after completing a hundred mile race that went horribly for him his interaction with you was disappointing ?
i think you need to reconsider your standards given the moment
all of boulevard 's 'standard ' beers are very good representations of their styles and the more limited and seasonal stuff is great .
i get it i mean not everyone thinks of it being more than some fish and some water and calling it a day .
but what surprises me most about this story is that they had enough sense to research the nitrogen cycle but not anything about actual fish .
pretty disappointing to see dc being stubborn with their drafts considering they had great drafting throughout the rest of the tournament .
hopefully the isp business expands and competition drives prices down .
hey hey ... watch it there ... i 'm a dom and i 'm not an asshole i 'm a nice italian guy that 'll cook you dinner and make you all fat .
if she 's a counselor she has to at least have a bachelor 's in psych minimum though she probably has a masters .
she knows enough to know what is wrong with herself that she would seek this out why this is unethical and how it messes with his psychology .
but narcissism is some of the hardest shit to treat .
so she probably just pushed all that down deep because 'me ' .
the key change is at 2:35 it 's a bit hard to notice but the entire song goes up a third .
what exactly did n't you like about 1:04 if you do n't mind me asking ?
was the synth too different from the rest of the song ?
hillary is progressive so of course progressives would vote for her .
on the other hand if you let a regressive fascist that will set us back decades become president then you are no longer a progressive of any kind .
but i 'm glad there was n't any dupes .
my guess is he probably has not worked in 2 years
i really like this judge his opinion is honest and insightful for sure .
lipo ai n't to be shorted they have quite some impressive instantanious current capability for their size .
and use some wire cutters next time and cut one wire at a time .
might even want to tape the cut wire before moving to the next to avoir a potential short ...
whether you 're comfortable with your parents or not they are there for you .
school is coming up and you literally have so many chances to meet people .
basically if we narrow it down to one crime terrorism we would see a peak in terrorism .
i would call you captain obvious but i feel like your more of an idiot than just someone stating the obvious .
i hope he 'll be okay but once you get a concussion you 're 3 times as likely to get another concussion according to some doctors .
it 's especially detrimental to someone like sharpe whose best asset seems to be his brain .
mariota is going to need him in a big way this year .
my employers do n't even care about my transcript .
oh nice catch but are n't they curious about the color ?
and they didnt even meet face to face yet .
what part of this murder is low profile '' ?
and they bow down to rory when they leave the jail hahaha .
u/gonzo_rick you are right and in spite of years of nursing mom was wrong .
i should n't have posted it without confirming and a citation .
probably gon na get down voted for this but i honestly prefer them over my tarte shadows .
you need to redownload it after deleting the disc data .
one more question it might sound stupid but the case fan is a 2 pack and it 's listed twice .
do i need to buy 4 case fans or just the one 2 pack ?
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules .
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=rule+1+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/4xlt8h/which_fictional_characters_death_are_you_still .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
the state 's reason for appealing would be to preserve the conviction .
to appeal and to 'overturn ' federal judge ruling the 7th cir .
would needs to argue constitutional law 'interpretation ' to proof that such was not been broken .
and here why in my 'layman ' opinion such appeal will not gon na happen .
judge duffin wrote an excellent justifiable opinion which would be almost impossible to argue against it without getting supreme court involved .
and i 'm talking about these two constitutional laws ... not ineffective defense counseling .
thing is storm is n't just ad nauseam and win '' .
you can go off with high tide effects or doomsday into lab maniac or future sight top or just mind 's desire .
ad nauseam is just the easy button to some degree .
i agree but sometimes the thing you want gets grabbed 1 turn before and you get sameturned on your backup .
i found a place where the recycling rate is 98
keep in mind this movie was made only five years after the jazz singer the first commercially successful 'talkie ' starring al jolson .
also keep in mind this was made by monogram pictures a very small studio known for making cheap b-movies '' .
this would be the equivalent of something like a direct-to-vod movie today not exactly a representation of the industry 's finest ...
even though they 're millionaires/athletic freaks/celebrities at the end of the day most of these guys are just a bunch 24-27ish year old bros .
whenever i see these videos of them hanging out playfully insulting one another and jamming out to catchy tunes it reminds me almost exactly of hanging out with my friends and/or family .
plus most importantly pop music is so damn catchy lol .
there used to be a bug where you could infinitely reroll quests to always get the high ones .
oh sheet its the turn of the mo bring it home
you probably do n't know this since you probably do n't live or do anything in china but we have a name for these types of people .
fuck i drove to work and still felt disgusting .
fortunately the front room is cooler than my house even with the machinery full of heating elements .
do n't mean to high jack but i 'm new to magic and started a herald .
my goal is sl 60ish sunbroing which is where i 'm at .
i did n't realize i could upgrade the talisman until today first off lol .
second every talisman i look at seem to have equal or less spell buff am i missing something or should i stick with the base talisman ?
i do n't think you can see a difference unless they are from the south and then it is the accent .
people are people are n't they ... i mean we '' .
how do you get your mage to survive the matches ?
my issue is that they tend to do a lot of damage all at once .
if it turns out my yuna is n't free or i do n't have the orbs i die .
thank you for your submission but right now we are already running a megathread about the rio olympics https redd.it/4wb3y0 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
when you enter the game you need to join universe port olisar and do the comarray quests here 's a video showing it https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=20ordcjdkze
yeah the trouble with the kf raid weps is that all of them are completely garbage tier weapons and that 's all purely because of the cocoon perk .
the ones that suffer the most are the primaries which you do n't even need cocoon on .
mystical has n't been active on reddit for the past month unfortunately .
it probably wo n't get started unless someone else is willing to run it instead .
i was raised in the states and i do n't speak fluent spanish so no one really sees me as hispanic/latina .
the u.s really only sees you as latino if you have a certain type of look .
it 's like they do n't realize latinos can be any race .
his advice is really good and i love how he fits those great bball analogies in there .
so what would happen to someone in eritrea if they did n't like gelato ?
no i am tracking but unless nominative total military compensation is just a little less than 100k .
iirc sand pail lucky clover and green drake eggs are the rarest items in the game .
and it just constantly sounds like a bad sean connery impersonation .
do n't over do it but dress to impress and smile show those pearly whites !
let me guess ... you know a fat guy/girl and s/he happens to be annoying so that has to mean that all fat people are annoying ?
if i comment now will i get that sweet karma ?
i think it might have to do with the undecided meta .
to a higher degree than other tis teams have won not by outplaying the other team but by playing the right local meta '' for that match .
but maybe that 's just me trying to explain the 2-0s .
just submitted my second withdrawal request from my 401 k .
makes me sad because not only am i borrowing from my future i 'm chipping away at all the resources i have left to get by while i try to become stable enough to go back to work .
was 1800 when i moved in a year and a half ago and the renewal i 'll need to sign by october is 2060 at a minimum .
but i have to renew because nobody else is going to rent me an apartment without a job and my current apartment did n't bother to check that i still had one on the last renewal .
i think i might get a copy of the quant methods handbook or something similar because i 'm missing a comprehensive reference so thanks for that in particular .
it 's also helpful to see what related topics naturally come to mind for someone else and it 's a good reminder to revisit some of the philosophy of psych anthologies i own .
with that said i believe you are over-simplifying things more than a little when you say that the materials you provided are definitive and that there is little else worth reading .
the stich book represents one possible solution among many and a relatively extreme one .
connectionism is a related but distinct question from the epistemological value of latent variable modeling .
the draery book right out of the gate states a contested claim as given when saying that mental abilities are hierarchical in structure .
again though i do appreciate you drawing my attention to these resources and your thoughts on the status of philosophy of psychology .
i 'd enjoy discussing further sometime if you 'd be interested .
since they are adding new special missions i do n't think there will be a token event this update .
i 've heard they are sensitive to over pressure also .
of course that is all on the loader but it 's something to consider .
i ran some factory reloads though my glock and it did not go well .
they were lrn but it was n't just the accuracy that was bad it was jamming and was messing up the cases .
i wo n't do it again even with jacketed bullets .
i 'd say pacific northwest soccer crowds are the best in the us .
here 's a portland timbers game as heard from somebody 's rooftop .
there 's only 22 thousand people in there and they sing and chant for 90 minutes .
i do not believe i 'm the typical ghost however i do believe humans make the mistake of believing what we can see is all that 's there .
for me and i think many others it 's all about trump 's ethnocentrism .
do some reading on ethnocentrism if you 're curious and make up your own mind .
i have and just do n't like the behaviors it correlates to and the fact that less intelligent less educated individuals are more likely to be ethnocentric .
isis is an extreme example of ethnocentrism as were the nazis .
american ethnocentrism is not as toxic obviously trump is not hitler but it 's not harmless either .
i just do n't think ethnocentrism has a place in the modern world .
i think we should be criticizing it challenging it where ever it occurs .
a lot of people are going to come out and vote against trump on that very issue and certainly a lot of people are going to vote for trump because of that issue but i think there is more of the latter in this country and that 's why he 's not doing well and may lose very badly .
someone will pay fillion tudyk baldwin torres and baccarin a nice sum to be on their shows so they can only be guest stars .
yes i 'm a horrible person i 'll be in my bunk .
24 4 ova so it 'll keep ya busy for a week maybe
in this case it is even in the sidebar that you should n't post links
that would have fucked me up for life if i got out and my dog did n't make it .
i lived with my friend for just over a month while i was moving .
she lived at 19th avenue osborne i worked at 19th avenue bethany home .
seriously how many coins do you have by now that you ca n't just play the game the way they want you to ?
i think paying coins for hp sucks also but i mean it 's been long enough with no change to just refuse to do it and complain when someone else uses them .
but wont reducing that spending make things even worse ?
unless we get education reform but i didnt hear trump about that .
i do n't have it but it 's real .
i 'm a little late but this is our first td of the season and lordy does it feel so good to be back .
if you 're willing to go to lic rocket fuel sweetleaf http sweetleafcoffee.com/jackson-ave .
here 's how you can make it at home .
yeah skyrim became literally unplayable on the ps3 after a while .
i 've certainly had some technical problems with f4 on my ps4 but overall it 's been the most technically sound of any of beth 's games to date .
but that 's just my experience and i 'm not trying to claim that others do n't have issues .
͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ╯╲___卐卐卐卐 do n't mind me just taking my mods for a walk
when you do n't believe the polls and do n't believe the media and have n't hired your own polling staff you can convince yourself anything is possible even when it 's not
was n't until recently that you could say something negative about the game .
before that any bad word said would get you down voted into oblivion .
i do n't know what exactly changed maybe people came to their sense i do n't know .
still lots of downvotes flying around but this sub always did so it 's fine .
can confirm am louisianian been drinking all day while people watching in floodwaters .
this is the best tl dr i could make original http reuters.com/article/worldnews/iduskcn10o0ex reduced by 89 .
quot there is no compromise apart from this chief terrorist coming to turkey and being prosecuted quot yildirim was quoted as saying by state-run anadolu agency .
the white house said on saturday that u.s. vice president joe biden would visit turkey on aug. 24 the first trip by a high-ranking u.s. official since the abortive coup .
u.s. officials have said that the united states has a formal process for dealing with extradition requests and that turkey must provide solid evidence of gulen 039 s involvement .
extended summary http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/4xmuub/turkey_says_no_compromise_with_washington_on faq http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 90117 tl drs so far . ''
theory http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords turkey 1 gulen 2 state 3 u.s. 4 erdogan 5
if your old employer 401k is pretax as opposed to after-tax or roth then rolling it over into a roth ira will be taxable and given your income it will probably largely be taxable at 33 .
unless there is something i 'm missing i do n't see why you would want to do that .
rolling into a traditional ira would effectively block you from doing backdoor roths .
unless your old-employer 401 k fees are atrocious i would just leave the money where it is .
or if your new employer 401 k fees are better and they allow roll-ins roll the old employer account into the new one .
if your old employer 401 k are funded with roth or after-tax money then that changes things completely .
when people do n't know how their 401 k is funded that usually means it is pretax .
just got this game i have no fucking clue what to do .
mouse just kept on spinning the map and could n't click on box to type in names
op posted a picture in the comments of what it 's supposed to look like .
as someone currently unemployed how true is your username and how willing would you be to hand over your position ?
hello u/tangyloofah if it 's your first time with a new substance check out our wiki pages on common drugs r/drugs/wiki/drugs and the drug knowledge base r/drugs/wiki/knowledgebase or use the search option to the right and then feel free to come back with any unanswered questions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/drugs if you have any questions or concerns .
kind of like an unlocked ability they can use it at will .
its written in the code of the game its random .
i did n't think it was true but wanted to check with others .
jorge is the single most important character in the entire show
if you have n't been paying attention to him at all i do n't know how you could 've missed him he 's had a load of appearances you need to go back and watch some of the previous episodes as you 'll be totally confused on the plot if you do n't know about jorge
i remember hearing it but do n't know name .
i did n't absolutely adore it but i liked it way more than i thought i would !
awesome thanks again for your insight very much appreciated .
there 's no irregularity in the finish that suggests to me the method of polishing or that it was hand polished nor any apparent joint seam .
so what can you see that gives you any indication as to how it was fabricated ?
it 's a local boutique in a very nice part of chicago though notably not on jeweler 's row for whatever that 's worth that my mom has done a lot of business with and recommended and i never had any doubt that what we would get would be authentic and high quality but it 's good to get independent verification .
i guess the thing that drove me to post here was the fact that my fiancee and i have so little expertise in this area that it 's hard to judge for ourselves whether what we 've received is actually high quality or not .
you 're somewhat taking the garage at their word as to what needs to be done on your car as well as giving them the benefit of the doubt that the work was quality .
so it is nice to just get insight from folks that actually have expertise you know ?
i thought this would be a dudes ass and decided to not click it .
all those studios are except cdpr are more profitable then naughty dog .
i never said naughty dog didnt make good games btw just that exclusiveness should not be a selling point .
gaming should be for everyone not just people that own a specific device .
the name is right in the details its excluding people .
i just wanted d to know since i am sure he reads this site 500 times a day and i can not post on his twitter feed that i just bought hundreds of dollars of weapons components and space fish from the voyager direct store across four accounts .
not to mention unmelting a genesis 2 hornets and a 325 for the hell of it .
will someone at rsi/cloud imperium/anyassociatedentity use that money it to buy personal plane tickets ?
perhaps someone will abscond with that money and buy nothing but personal items and even send d a get well soon i hope your broken mind heals correctly this time . ''
other than imbuing one with a morbid fascination similar to watching a tiny insect succumbing to entropy stuck on flypaper or a slow-motion catastrophic accident laid out in gruesome detail the sum total impact of all d 's efforts have been effectively nil .
at least so close to nil as to be statistically insignificant .
i was content to ignore all his banality but the latest personal attacks and clear harassment of cig employees is over the line .
i am happy people are calling him out and are going to make him pay .
what little part i can do by simply continuing to support the game not with cult-like devotion but measured patience and an understanding of the true scope of it all i will do .
i now however also want to make sure he knows it .
if they sold a vapid smart '' bobblehead i would mount one in each cockpit of my fleets .
can you imagine how something with so much stagnant mass but such little density would move ?
thanks for taking me back to '99 for a minute there .
went hiking in the great smoky mountains national park about 30 minutes until sunset .
we had driven for a party and did n't want to not do it once we got there .
we did a fairly tedious trail up to a waterfall .
about 5 minutes in we were walking up the trail and turned a corner .
around the corner we saw a mama bear and cubs literally 15-20 feet from our position .
bears are crazy dangerous creatures so i ca n't believe we continued past after the bear had passed .
once we got to the waterfall which was about 25 minutes into the trail it was uncomfortably dark .
we speed walked it back but about 10 minutes from the trailhead it was literally pitch black .
we had to use our cell phone lights to see the trail .
btw trail width is no more than 10 feet for the entire length of the trail .
as we were walking back one of the 5 friends i was with grabbed my shoulder suddenly then pulled me back .
he shushed me and pointed his light at the ground .
if i had completed my step i would have very likely died .
tl dr went hiking far too late in the smokies almost stepped on a rattlesnake and died .
our town had a huge flood when i was a kid .
we lived near a river but our house was up high so we were n't concerned .
we happily stayed home and loved having days off school .
i was hanging out with a friend down the street when she mentioned her dad had a raft and some oars in his garage .
since the small stream that ran along their pasture was flooded it had gone from a trickle to something we could raft on .
no adult ever asked where we were going with that stupid raft .
i knew my brother had told me about whole trees floating down the river nearby but i did n't have proper perspective on how bad that situation could turn .
so we rafted along using the oars mostly when we got stuck on debris around the property and laughed about how the raft kept getting pulled toward a storm drain that ran under the road by her house and eventually to that flooded river .
we finally decided we were hungry and so when we got hung up on some more tangled debris we got out of the raft threw it over the pasture fence and marched it back to the garage .
it was n't until i was a teenager and watched footage of how quickly flash floods occur and the power of rushing water that it freaked me out .
we could 've gotten mangled in that storm drain or drowned in a horrible accident .
it still gives me shivers to think about being on a raft in flood conditions .
that 's not what i said i was correct ln vn as being the source material and that people pretend the anime does n't exist
the comments on youtube even on a video like this is cancer .
i do n't believe that i 'm making my point for you i just have a different viewpoint than you .
i would n't say it 's so much that i feel like i have no culture it 's just that anglo-american culture just assimilates all other cultures into itself .
just the idea that countries have to make huge expensive efforts to preserve their languages as a means of preserving their cultures and histories .
the english language alone is such a threat to other cultures .
it 's ok to keep mexican culture but racist to want to keep white culture .
i think people should fight damn hard to preserve their own culture .
my girlfriend is mexican and one of her biggest regrets is that her parents never spoke spanish in the house even though they are both fluent .
she feels like a huge part of her own cultural heritage is lost because of that .
i suppose where my concern is different from yours is that i know that western culture or white culture '' is in no danger of ever being lost .
the game is absolutely playable as it is right now .
if your standard of playable '' is i use a peripheral device for input which causes the game state to change which is displayed as output on my monitor '' sure .
the correct choice if we 're required to remove a character .
hey man i 'm in fort lauderdale in half way ! !
i 've been saying that the rooms down here are like irl r/opiates ... but sober .
the secret song was a great surprise to me when i bought a physical copy .
i started the game and i am enjoying it a lot .
hey i 'm an ilvl 700 orc fury warrior i 'm interested bt mrwubkin 2491
tim keller has a redeemer church app that has his sermons in podcasts .
very easy to listen to while driving or during menial chores .
each protocol is going to need its own chip .
i guarantee you that the chips that handle the smart connector and bluetooth communication are separate .
and there wo n't be enough space because headphones will probably need to include dacs as well if there is n't going to be a headphone jack .
i read the edition list on the sidebar but i do n't understand any of that .
which is best to meet people/getting used to playing ?
as long as we get through the preseason mostly unscathed it 's a great start .
yes africa is a continent but sometimes people group countries like europe or the america 's
we just gon na empty all of asia and not take the rice ?
this is the best tl dr i could make original http reuters.com/article/worldnews/iduskcn10o0ex reduced by 89 .
quot there is no compromise apart from this chief terrorist coming to turkey and being prosecuted quot yildirim was quoted as saying by state-run anadolu agency .
the white house said on saturday that u.s. vice president joe biden would visit turkey on aug. 24 the first trip by a high-ranking u.s. official since the abortive coup .
u.s. officials have said that the united states has a formal process for dealing with extradition requests and that turkey must provide solid evidence of gulen 039 s involvement .
extended summary http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/4xmuub/turkey_says_no_compromise_with_washington_on faq http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 90117 tl drs so far . ''
theory http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords turkey 1 gulen 2 state 3 u.s. 4 erdogan 5
here http gbf-english.proboards.com/thread/595 4 is how many you need for each level .
do you want to be the very best or not ?
growing up i threatened to kill a bully if he did n't stop and i 'm the one that got in trouble .
i mean strong dark brows with colored hair is a thing as long as you avoid really light/platinum blonde imo .
i personally do n't think you 'd need to keep the roots unless you want to .
pretty sure a lot of the people voted for wisp simply because jug is a carry .
that 's like saying people will always believe in zeus or that people will never except that the earth is round .
what possible reason could there be for it never dying out ?
i never said it 's just men that want that .
which leaves open the possibility that women want that as well .
not being a woman myself i can not speak to it .
but i do n't like people putting words into my mouth .
oh shit nigga you found out about my lefty bias !
most underwhelming grand finals ever though maybe toe to toe with ti4
i mean really if the car keeps going straight maybe by the time it hits that crowd a few more people will get across the line quicker ?
the cavern is utterly dark though it appears to be much larger than she originally thought .
without more light they wo n't be able to tell .
dc and secret disbands rtz aui and misery form new team w33 is coach rtz is cap'n .
i ask primarily out of curiosity built over the years ...
i do n't really practice ever but have a high speed of 127 wpm and an 'average ' of 115-120 with zero to 2 mistyped characters .
it seems a useless skill but i must say like y'all have mentioned i 've been able to write essays in an oddly short amount of time .
being gay is about who you love not how you fuck .
the debates are looking like an uncertainty at this point .
trump clearly does n't want to do them and he may just drop out of the race altogether with the way things are going .
you do n't have to butter me up i already like you
yes you could wait one week create a new nnid on your cfw 3ds and do it again .
when other animals eat animals they do things far far worse than the chefs so calm down .
the ability to do that takes years to master .
you should see what predators do to their prey .
go back to eating your factory made chicken where male chicks are being thrown into shredders alive .
i 've actually always found it attractive when men with long legs do this .
just curious do you post in your own sub at all anymore ?
many cpap batteries i 've seen have been lead-acid .
i still do n't have a good solution for backpacking but car camping/rv camping would work with a house '' battery setup .
i do n't know about making your own but darth biomech 's milky way skybox is pretty popular and based upon nasa and eso/s images ... https steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails ? id=670717906
pictures grey smoky industrial areas full of fat people with crooked teeth
do n't dish it if you ca n't take it .
why you are n't hosting a porn service and making 10,000 a day i simply do n't know .
this kind of internet access would be like winning the lottery for me .
i 'm playing hex shards of fate '' all day long .
they have a nice but short pve-campaign to get some cards and a good rules knowledge and a very good pvp scene .
its fun to not rely on the links that people leave like you seemed to w your first link ... do you rely on what the washington post has to say w out fact checking yourself ?
we tried to go back to check things out around 9pm and could n't get down the street .
nice to hear a concrete example of what are often called superpowers .
it really means just becoming the best version of ourselves that we can be i think .
since i need to farm cards more than bios which one would be better for this ? i guess this sums up to which one has more enemies and breakable containers ?
hey nakedbeauty38 unfortunately your submission has been removed because it was a link to a video hosting site probably youtube itself .
if you 're trying to share a video you should stop by r/videos instead .
r/youtube is for discussing youtube as a whole its features bugs design trends and so on .
if you think your video fits that please send us a message https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fyoutube subject=please+approve+my+video. message 5blink+to+my+post 5d 28https www.reddit.com/r/youtube/comments/4xnkr7/top_10_most_venomous_snakes_in_the_world_with 29 so that we can take a look !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youtube if you have any questions or concerns .
im saying there were eye witnesses around the time jesus was alive that were supposedly able to verify that miraculous events had taken place .
there must have been eye witnesses to something nothing miraculous just some event that made people convert or christianity would never have taken off and become the worlds largest religion !
nobody was around when zenu was living to verify '' any of the events that supposedly took place .
i think you need a final solution '' to deal with them .
just increase your protein/fat intake in place of the sugary foods .
you should n't lose weight although maybe some water weight very initially .
i think although the scientific evidence is n't definitive a high-sugar diet probably does have some effect on the average human 's body composition i.e .
i do n't know what the mechanism would be but i expect there would be more than one reasons for this and i sense that high-sugar and lower micronutrient diets probably are n't great for one 's hormone profile .
if you do n't reduce your total caloric intake i can only imagine you would maintain the same weight with a possibility that you experience an improved body composition in the long term .
your body will tell you if it needs more calories .
also make sure to keep up with regular weightlifting and get adequate protein .
subtracting anything that does not occur without human intervention like these processed foods is probably a good idea rationally speaking .
going a step further like subtracting fruits which would have still been selectively bred is a personal choice however i guess it would probably be a good one .
for this test i 'm also reducing my fruit intake to close to nothing if not nothing .
wow i made someone laugh without hurting my self that 's amazing .
oh you think that 's why i got downvoted ?
i 'm not judging i do n't care about the pornstar thing and it would be cool if they hired her because of that too .
i just added that fact on the title because it 's there on the wiki page and seemed interesting .
i love the fact that the artist made blast sinister looking here
i hear lucas from liverpool is a tackling machine .
could be from some sort of training prop that uses propane fuel .
so you killed people in the way when you could have swerved and hit a few cats ?
i 'm pretty sure you 'd be arrested for that if it was you driving .
allowing the enemy to pull vehicles inside by hacking those is a real problem even on indar where you ca n't science harassers pulled from there upstairs .
if you give an enemy the balcony and the v-bay you 're in trouble .
repairing v-terms in contested bases in general is a bad idea actually .
it 's ironic that the two things that give you xp for terminals blowing enemy ones and repairing your own are often a bad idea whereas tking a terminal is often a good one .
maybe do chrome with 1 and firefox with the other ?
i 'm having the same issue as you are .
not sure what the problem is and i ca n't seem to fix it .
tried warping to another system going to an atlas station going to a previous save .
please let me know if you find a fix !
we can not help you with mutes bans hacks or other account-related issues on this subreddit the subreddit moderators do not have any affiliation with jagex and the jmods who browse the subreddit are community liasons not customer support .
as a result this post has been hidden automatically .
please refer to the subreddit wiki account help r/runescape/w/accounthelp and account help tips r/runescape/wiki/accounthelptips to find the various official methods of account help as well as additional information on jagex 's appeal policies .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/runescape if you have any questions or concerns .
the way his arm just folds back while he screams in agony .
can u tall me your base cords this fella staved me in the back and briefed my base .
look after small subs stations that looks like a triangle .
go into them and purchase a inventory slot upgrade .
one elderly neighbor to a flat i own told me that the previous owner once took down their common wall and built back another one 30cm into her apartment .
after checking the official plans and inspecting the walls it adds up .
there was nothing i could do though she should have brought the previous owner to court i had bought the apartment as i had visited it and as it had been for ten years .
if she made an official complaint likely she 'd have a right for the wall to be pushed back to its rightful place but she 'd have to cover most of the cost plus prejudice to us and she did n't want to .
i see your point but even 550w has room for the future .
the only time it really shines is in very heavy multithreaded workloads like rendering .
in 99 of tasks it 's almost identical to an i5 .
mason was 4.8k when he got 3rd at ti if that counts
i 'm using an amd fx-8320 r9 270 and 16 gb ram .
i got the beefy ram and cpu covered was wanting to test for a low-mid-tier gpu .
i 've got back to the testing and when i try to play a game which involves alot of moving this is the result .
what setting do i change to minimalise this kind of blur in the stream when i move in-game and what setting would you advise me changing it to ?
looks like something straight out of a tim burton movie .
ironically a big part of the reason was fellaini who i 'm ok with now .
sound is actually the most important feature of siege .
but most people tend to just think it 's something that could be used '' rather than something that should be used '' .
they should have an in depth tutorial on the specifics of how sound works in the game .
a lot of the theoretical solutions only work if everyone boards in exactly the right order and in practice this is rarely the case .
the airline i work for uses randomly assigned boarding groups .
had my first un-fun sessions of td this weekend .
lag has been really bad and my list of irl friends and in-game friends that i 've met along the way has shown nobody playing td at all except for 2 this afternoon that i spotted just as i needed to log out .
i only really have time for one main game and one other for a bit of fun .
currently it 's td with a bit of batman .
if i started on destiny or when nba2k17 drops i might not come back to td at all which is a shame as i really like the game and want it to continue to be fun to play with people .
well that 's got me buzzing for today come on you reds !
excusing the first mover from playing fair and equal does n't make much sense and in most countries there are laws against it if they were companies indicating your idea is not really embraced by society as a whole .
a public beta for ios will be available soon if you want to try it out .
adblock plus was dead to me since they allowed 'some ' ads that 's against the whole propose of the add-on .
i played aj on ds first but then i played the entirety of 1-3 on wiiware .
it 's still the only version i have of them .
here 's the video of shibata headbutting nakajima for those who did n't see it or hear it in this case
how did i manage to completely miss the voting for this ...
i find using this word is a way to undervalue a person .
lobbying is not illegal in europe wtf are you talking about ?
i can see why you would get so made sarah !
it always does that when they land on the drone ship .
they say it is because the vibration screws up the antenna but i think it is the exhaust plume .
in any event i 've grown to expect it .
if it does n't come back after a minute or so then you can worry .
piggybacking to mention that borosilicate glass that my glass toys are made of is insanely easy to clean and a breeze to sanitize/sterilize .
essential imo if you will be sharing toys with your partner you can wash with warm soapy water and if you choose you can boil them or run them through the dishwasher on the top rack .
i know that switching to glass has all but eliminated my uti and yeast infection issue i had attributed to my toy use before .
my vag gets craycray quite easily with most lubes condoms certain tampons etc
plus glass does not harbor a smell at all and for me personally i found the glass toys are easier for anal insertion .
but i do not like squishy toys for anal too many surprise 'ouch ! '
moments for me if i clench too tightly or something .
what do u mean by alot of pvp is cross server '' ?
i am mainly interested in open world small fight skirmishes .
1vx where x 3 and 2 v y where y 5
it looks like the cyclist comes off the footpath right in front of the car .
cyclist probably should have been paying more attention to the road .
he 'd still have an issue with feminism if he knew .
the whole women are equal to men '' is n't his type thing .
just make sure your landing gear are right-side-up and you 'll be a-ok .
i myself bought a spray can of grey acrylic primer for a local auto store .
you can buy lots of it in those stores cheap .
i too like to haul all my skins in a battleships
most of them are n't that scary to be honest .
i hope you find something i was just busting your balls .
nobody would hire a construction guy in a polo and slacks .
have tools documents to finish paperwork and bring lunch .
i can fly my quad fine for a little while .
it hovers nicely and responds to any stick input .
in blackbox i can see that the flight controller is giving it 100 throttle to counter the falling but it still falls .
within half a second it has toppled the quad and prop blades gravel and dirt go flying .
two men with a thirst for power who failed at the end due to their personality flaws .
i 've had my account for years now when i try to log in it does n't work i have n't played for a while does this mean they deleted my account ?
i think the best pool of good challenge competitors come from the girls side .
no one really stood out on the boys side as anyone who would be a challenge standout besides jason from season 2 of laguna beach .
i have recently moved back to portland oregon and i would love to have some local friends to play with .
bought the game reigns '' i like it so far then i bought the companion book '' dlc .
which is a seperate pdf file in the games folder .
also here 's the last page the game is about ruling the kingdom controlling the economy and you 're the king .
make a 10 star requiriment to chat and doing stuff it 's pretty easy to reach and also it would erradicate lots of these actual cancers i know this has been suggested before but why not suggest it again ?
imo it would make game a bit more challenging for newcomers and would rekt the spambots
my board is 8 '' wide should i buy 180 or 150mm trucks ?
parises colors for the 150mm are limited lol but i do n't want my wheels in the way when riding..
have tried numerous times to unsubscribe from r/gaming but it stays in my list of subscribed subreddits .
i 've got a 5 star visions eddie that i 'm sure some of you here have used !
but he has no talismans yet what are the best ones i should use for him ?
nd has just released a new patented shilajit product primavie purified shilajit powder http nootropicsdepot.com/primavie-purified-shilajit-powder .
primavie® is a high quality clinically proven purified shilajit from the himalayas containing dibenzo-α-pyrones dbps dbp-chromoproteins dcp fulvic acid and over 40 different minerals with very low levels of heavy metals .
its ' history of use goes back to the indus valley civilization 3,000 b.c. where british archaeologists have found evidence of use of shilajit which is considered the greatest rasayana in ayurveda .
given how concerns about heavy metal contamination inconsistencies between shilajit batches and product purity/potency were common in previous shilajit posts on this sub i 'm rather eager to find out how this patented version stacks up .
i was casually browsing various sites and saw an article about how if love is love then incest and polygamy should be legalized .
i read it and the author makes a good point if love is all that matters why should n't a mother be able to marry her daughter/son ?
personally i do n't support incest or polygamy but i definitely support gay rights .
could i please have some help to come up with a defending argument ?
i also hope i did n't offend anyone with this post if i did i apologize .
fn butterfly slaughter with diamond and double kitty part angel b/o 73 keys negotiable
it has happened the great rabbit species has been tamed .
http i.imgur.com/lxf4c5v.png all 9 rabbits in the nexus of ussw have been corralled into a corner .
and yeah there are 9 the 9th one is just hiding behind another http i.imgur.com/dwchnts.png
this feat which i very much recommend other people attempt very fun very difficult was achieved by phasedragn and i watanco .
edit after making this i noticed there are 4 more bunnies in the nexus which are in pens by the guild creation/renoucing station and by the arena but these are physically impossible to move out of their pens so ...
it 's actually a shit webcomic for people with shit taste
price oviously varies from float fv and stickers so send me one and we 'll figure something out .
good float is needed in case of the ft redline .
we are n't exactly a giant subreddit we are a very niche subreddit on a very niche topic which is rooting for all things tsm a megathread really takes away the community feel and honestly make the subreddit very boring .
for me personally i would rather have like 3-4 threads on the front page about playoffs and specific playoff questions than having to look through comments in a megathread .
megathreads are for cleaning up a subreddit does this small subreddit really need much cleaning up ?
they really take away a lot of discussion as well as it means a lot less eyes are seeing each comment .
the fellow that sold it to me told me the ac did n't work and i figured i 'd be fine without it !
well here hits the summer and my girlfriend and i try to do a roadtrip and get absolutely roasted .
seriously nearly getting heatstroke when stuck in a traffic jam was not fun .
when i press the ac button i get a kick in rpms .
i 'm not sure if that 's just programming or does that mean the compressor is turning on ?
anyways does anyone have any tips for diagnosing the issue ?
so i 'm currently running the out of the abyss campaign module and we 're coming up to a scene where a crazed twoheaded stone giant starts storming through the streets of gracklestugh .
the help i 'm looking for is what can i add to this encounter to make the environment more interactable tactical ect .
i was thinking about having vantage points of roof tops or having it occur near the blade bazaar market to add non combatant npcs that are quickly trying to push their wares out of harm 's way .
any ideas you all can think of to help me build a fun encounter would be appreciated !
i 'd like to set mc command up so random sims are not generated .
instead i 'd like it to be populated by only sims i create .
i 'd still like the possibility that these sims will marry and procreate .
personally i 'd love to see a film centered around the joker doing his thing in gotham with batman being a dark shadowy figure picking of his henchmen one by one every few scenes and joker getting more and more frustrated and becoming more vicious as the film progresses .
in suicide squad amanda waller says 'they became the king and queen of gotham city ' and i 'd love to actually see what that means in gotham itself .
joker could have interaction with harley and other villains who help him with his plan ?
i 'm just thinking out loud at this point .
i just think it 'd be cool to see joker doing his thing .
it would allow us to soak in the character and would give leto a chance to show us what he 's really made of .
that way if/when he shows up in the solo batman movie or any other films in the dceu we as an audience would be invested in his character .
edit i 'm an idiot for not proof-reading the title before posting .
it 's meant to say 'made ' instead of 'mad ' .
i 'm looking for projects to work on please dm me if you 'd like to know more .
this is approximately a 1.2 second improvement on the previous wr by niss3 .
despite it not being a 6:4x time it has all of the elements that i was after
nine clean boss fights the simon fight at the end can be 9 rounds instead of 10 but it 's hard to pull off with no pressure lol
the slowest part of the run is the first split .
my gold deathwarp split is 1:29.99 but when i 'm doing pb attempts i do n't reset as long as the deathwarp split is 1:40.xx or better .
so this run was on the tail end of acceptable .
the stone hands split which involves a lot of luck to be able to run through all of those zones without getting clobbered as well as getting the right gang spawns to kill to have enough money to buy stone hands is nearly gold within a second .
the third wheel split picked up time on my pb primarily because i nearly always fail to get the factory jump into a good run ... until now !
any rchs split that is under 1:35 is great for me anyway .
throughout most of my trials and tribulations with this game that was where i struggled most .
i was hardly ever able to get sub-1:40 until about 2 months ago .
i put in a lot of practice on the different good and bad spawn patterns in the gym and on the top floor over those last two months and it has really paid off !
the whole time rng will dictate whether the run dies or not .
i got good patterns all the way through ftmp and any time i got hit i did n't get knocked down .
in the one case where i dropped the chain it was a very quick recovery .
any questions about technical aspects of the run why i do one thing and not another feel free to ask away !
looks like toys r us is going to cancel my reserve of wolverine and rogue in the new marvel legends line ...
edit i spoke too soon ... also i stupidly thought they were saying that if the order was n't filled by the 15th of this month it 'd be canceled rather than the 15th of next month .
i know it 's a noob question but i 've figured how to increase ship slots and exosuit slots but i really have no idea how to increase multi tool slots .
the only upgraded multi tool i found was somewhere in my starting planet 12 hrs in i still have n't found/dunno how to find another multi tool .
these are prints of this http www.thingiverse.com/thing:1090678 model at 0.1 mm layer resolution .
note that i uniformly scaled the model to have a width of 45 mm .
also note that in the after print i modified the front of the model so that the phone stands at a steeper angle .
in the before print i had the z-braces mod installed .
i was very impressed with the results at the time but i felt the itch to make things even better .
in the after print the surface is extremely smooth and i can run my fingernails on it without them catching on anything .
however there are some striations in the print and i can feel that the surface is very slightly wavy .
i 'm working on figuring out why the striations exist .
here are the mods i made to achieve the results in the after print
1 bought misumi linear bearings to replace the stock y-axis bearings .
2 bought this https www.amazon.com/gp/product/b01a974giu/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o02_s00 ? ie=utf8 psc=1 carriage plate .
drilled holes to support four linear bearings rather than three linear bearings .
this puts two linear bearings on each y-axis rod rather than having an unequal number of linear bearings on the two y-axis rods .
3 flipped the belt mount on the y-axis stepper motor see here http imgur.com/a/hcw6j .
this fixes the alignment of the y-axis belt which actually comes from the factory unaligned .
4 removed the spring belt tensioner from the y-axis belt and tightened the belt by three teeth .
5 moved the filament spool mount from the top of the printer to somewhere else .
having the filament spool mounted at the top of the printer amplified vibrations generated by the printer .
i suggest taking my results with a grain of salt and doing your own research and thinking about whether these mods make sense .
in particular u/tomvdz points out that four bearings may overconstrain the system .
i 'll need to do some more experiments between three versus four bearings .
i 've got a 30 year old steel schwinn 15 gear which has served me well over the years .
the spokes on the rear wheel need changing because i 've jammed the chain too many times .
i 'm thinking of changing the freewheel into the newer freehub because it might give me more gears going from 5 speed to maybe 8 .
would this necessarily cause problems when matching the hub spacing and derailleur capacity ?
we are the only small town community owned team with the most successful history in the nfl .
we are the 3rd oldest team and have won the first 2 championships before there were even superbowls .
we have had 3 of the greatest qbs in history and are poised to be a contender this year .
we draft and develop our players unlike any other team instead of picking up players in free agency .
we treat the opposing fans well at our stadium .
we would love for you to be part of the packers ' fanbase .
hey all i kinda have an embarrassing question to ask .
i 'm a 18 yo male lived in calgary all my life but i do not have a family doctor and i was wondering since i just recently became sexually active where can i get a std test ?
do i just go into any walk in clinic or do i have to go to a hospital ?
i 'm looking for a mouse that i can use at my work i currently use the m705 at work but it is simply too high and makes my wrist ache .
at home i got a g502 i love and fits perfectly but it is perhaps a bit too flashy for the work environment .
so basically looking for a mouse the size of the g502 would need forward/backward button but with a professional look .
any advice on where to look to buy discs in bulk ?
would like to get 20 or so aviars and maybe some rocs .
did n't know if there was a good place to get a bulk discount as opposed to buying individually .
used ones would be great just using them to practice with .
edit thanks for all the help looks like some great options to save some .
chances are by the time you read this you 've already seen 10 clever quotes on facebook this morning telling you to take control of your life .
maybe you started your day listening to les brown 's you got ta be hungry ! ''
or eric thomas 's as bad as you wan na breathe '' .
i love that feeling when you hear just the right words with just the right intonation paired with just the right music .
the back of your neck gets kind of hot and you feel the goosebumps coming on you feel this weird sensation right between your temples and you do n't know whether to cry laugh or say yea !
for exercise it can help you do the first pullup it could help you do 200 more meters in your run or one last set of squats .
for basically everything else it 'll only get you to sit down at your desk or open up microsoft word whatever the first step might be .
it works for exercise because you already have a plan .
it does n't take much mental energy to figure out that continuing to move will make for a more effective workout .
for almost everything else before motivation you need a plan .
you have some goal in mind or at least a commitment to bettering your life or you obviously would n't be in this subreddit reading this .
imagine this you 're in a jungle with a bunch of dense vegetation .
you can see a tower in the faaar distance and that tower is where you want to go .
you know there 's a path to it and you had heard in the past that it 's not worth hacking through the vegetation if you do n't find the path you 'll be hacking until your hand bleeds .
if you ca n't find the path it does n't matter how pumped you are to get to that tower you wo n't get there .
if someone yelled at you you got ta be hungry !
you 'd probably think well i am hungry i have n't had lunch and it 's hot in this jungle .
i just ca n't find the goddamn path . ''
the more you romanticize success and reaching your goals the harder it will be .
if you condition yourself to require inspiration '' every time you 're distracted or having trouble starting on a task you 'll never get anything done .
however if you condition yourself to make plan for how to get to the first milestone of your endeavor and a plan for what to do when that fails and a plan for what to do if you 're stuck and a plan for what to do if that fails then you 'll get somewhere .
if your plan is n't working make it more descriptive .
the more descriptive it is the less mental energy it will take to do it .
wiggle toes put both feet on the floor and stand up '' is easier than get ready for work '' .
find recipe online write down ingredients get ready to go to the store '' is easier than make dinner for my date '' .
1 make a list of 5 jobs that i would like to do 2 make a list of 5 jobs i am qualified for 3 email 5 people i know that are doing that 4 connect with 5 different recruiters in those spaces on linkedin 5 google how to make a compelling resume 6 decide what salary i am expecting 7 create resume outline 8 take a break
get a job '' on the other hand might take a good bit of coaxing to get you off netflix .
maybe putting some badass music in the background will make you do it faster but stopping to read some bruce lee quotes will not help you get that plan done .
the bonus is once you have a plan you stop getting swept up in other people 's plans .
you 've made it easier to say no to things that are a waste of your time because you know exactly why you 're saying no .
hey wan na get some cheese bombs at applebee 's tomorrow ? ''
nah sorry chad i 've got to apply to 4 companies tonight no time . ''
if you do n't have a plan you will become part of somebody else 's plan .
if i sound like i 'm mocking anybody then it 's myself .
it took me far too long to find out that i need to spend more time making long boring and specific plans and less time watching motivational videos and reading inspirational quotes .
i think that this year we wont see any big reshuffles maybe a player or two but other than that i think that most of the teams are really happy with their roster and that teams like secret just need to work on synergising .
one of my previous teachers wrote this in a card for me when my youngest brother died at 17 yrs old .
when i was a little younger than you my brother passed away .
it 's been 50 years and i miss him every day .
i remember how he behaved how he talked and how we acted together .
i 've now spent more of my life without him than i did with him and it still feels surreal not having him around .
i miss his laugh his stories and his voice .
you will never forget your brother and the pain never goes away you just learn how to cope then you learn how to live again . ''
out of the dozens of sympathizers and well wishers this is the one that has stuck with me the most .
it was a no bullshit i 've been there it sucks and will continue to suck but you will adapt and survive .
so i figured if this lady can find a way to work through the grief and continue to live her life then so can i .
pain and grief sneak up on you sometimes they overwhelm your entire being to the point of complete helplessness yet somehow we always find a way to survive those moments of chaos .
it 's never a sure thing when grief gets a jump on you and you enter a state where you seem to lose all functionality and sense of self .
but month after month and eventually year after year you 're able to slowly regain purpose in your life .
if i did not have my father and remaining brother in my life i am unsure if i could be able to begin living again .
we rely on each other to provide purpose in each others lives .
i need my brother so i do not lose my myself .
being the eldest brother was and continues to be a major part of my identity .
if i were to lose my remaining brother i would lose a large part of who i am .
i need my father to continue being the man i aspire to emulate .
i need him to continue being the goal which i hope to achieve .
grieving sucks but i 'm glad i 'm not doing it alone .
i deleted some important files and need to reinstall cydia without having to restore using cydia eraser again .
i recently installed obs to start streaming but i 'm kind of in the dark with all the settings .
i 've searched the basic settings to use in it and how to stretch the screen etc .
but when i start streaming and play in this case cs go i always dip below 60fps in-game .
this is my first time trying a dynasty league and i 've noticed the sites i 've traditionally gone to for redraft are no surprise geared toward redraft .
any sites that do a good job for dynasty and you think put out good rankings for a startup ?
i fell in love with tihs game the moment i started it the first time ...
exploring anything reaching the center battling pirates in space ... everything is so perfect .
i am just hopping they will do big updates with new stuff to do asap .
im not saying i dont have anything to do but its so easy for them to include new content !
so im hoping they will do tons of extra stuff even though i might not do anything but i think many people will .
i propably will never do it but i think many people will
looking for a 1.10.2 seed with a surfaced ravine close by .
i 'd prefer it to be in a snowy biome yet it does n't have to be .
is there a difference between the first galaxy you are in and the one you go to after at the centre ?
for example new features like those portals and things that were in the concept art
if you want to buy something send me pm with info about items you want your paypal rsi e-mail .
i cant even play 2d games like ff tactics ppsspp at 60fps in that gpu ? is my gpu defective or its normal ?
i 'm turning 29 in january and feel pretty old .
i 'm starting college full time as i 've worked most my adult life as technical support .
i 'm doing college mainly because its a barren wasteland of a social life right now for me .
i like to say that i 'm pretty tech savvy but the last few years i 've let the dust settle and do n't do a damn thing productive .
i 'm randomly creative '' and never master anything i pursue .
what is your best advice you can give somebody like me to even fine tune all my passions into something i want to actually refine and output something to feel accomplished with ?
i have dozens and dozens of documents about game designs .
i 've got hundreds of psd of digital paintings i start and never finish .
tons of half ass attempts to actually finish a program .
i 'm pretty late to the party and think of having a youtube channel or twitch stream wo n't even give me a sense of accomplishment .
should i just scrap everything i 've started '' and try to make some kind of list of things ?
i 'm thinking a schedule or something to tinker in part of these random hobbies is the best way to force myself to practice them .
other than that is there any other resources you might suggest towards getting me up to speed and productive with my random creativeness ''
i want a way to feel connected with my creativeness .
i 'm sick of being trapped inside my own wild mind .
got a pair of sony zx770bn over the weekend and wanted to pair both my macbook pro and iphone 5c to it at the same time so i can switch sources without needing to go through the pairing process .
i was able to do this easily with a pair of bose qc35 's as it was as simple as pairing both as normal then sliding the power slider to select the source when needed .
but when when trying to do the same thing with the sony headset i paired up the iphone it worked .
went back to the iphone and could n't establish a connection so had to go through the pairing process again .
i have n't tried checking to see if the mac remembers the pairing or if i need to go through that process again .
it seems from what i 've read that it 's able to pair to multiple devices but obviously only play from one at one time so i found this on sony 's website but have no idea what a a2dp or a hfp/hsp connection is !
we have heard of a creature in the universe that assimilates beings and perfectly mimics them .
we have also heard that this creature can not assimilate inorganic matter .
would this creature be able to assimilate our people despite us being non-carbon based ?
just to clarify this is not ben this is the shapeshifting terror from john carpenter 's the thing .
sa calm depths alphas mods numpad tsangan 600 i know the price is high just want to get back exactly what i paid for .
any of the artisans/keysets with a price are for sale or trade everything else is trade only .
artisans mx kk chocolate mint strawberries and creams purrkey fugu purple cough fugu lemonade cobalt or meteor bomb king jungle love reaper purple passion stump ii any kosmonavt .
price is in usd priority for who can buy in bundle .
i adopted two spayed females from the humane society .
my initial plan was to get the one but they strongly suggested i also grabbed her sister .
we lived happily in my last tiny apartment for a year .
they shared a litter box food dish and water dish .
they were just under a year old when i adopted them .
they are strictly indoor cats since i live downtown in a fairly big city next to the busiest of streets .
it 's on the ground floor whereas before we lived up on a balcony .
we lived here about a month before things started to go south .
i work nights when i understand cats are most active .
i have a wall mount toy and a floor-track toy that are both designed for individual use .
i say this because i 've made measures to make sure they 're not bored while i 'm at work .
one night around 1am i got home and both of their tails were puffed up and they were yowling and hissing at each other .
i put one in the guest bedroom with a different litter box and food dish etc .
and the other got left to have the rest of the house .
i have since been switching which half of the house each one gets to be in because they meow their heads off when they ca n't be in the section i 'm in .
i 've also tried gently 'reintroducing ' them to each other .
cracking the door speaking softly giving treats when they 're near each other .
i bought feliway spray which i sprayed on their individual sleeping areas before they were reintroduced a couple of hours before .
i sprayed all over my f ing house immediately before they were reintroduced .
i 've read a couple of things online that suggest that cat a might 've seen/heard something out of a window and reacted to that thing while cat b has no idea what 's going on and reacts to cat a 's reaction like a normal stupid animal and then it just spirals out of control from there .
they 've been able to share about 12 hours of each other before they start freaking out on each other again .
i want to both drop kick them into individual rivers and also squeeze them and cry .
a vet visit seems like too much but getting rid of one or both of them seems way worse than that .
tl dr my cats were fine with each other now they 're not please help me .
acts of kindness aok mondays is a weekly thread where we reach out to others .
it 's one way we can grow our authenticity extend our humanity connect with others and step outside ourselves .
together we can be part of a global effort to extend kindness .
here 's a link about a young man who wants to aid his ailing mother .
his intentions honorable his actions not well accepted and then see what happens next the bill has been paid https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=yxoxsoldhke
is there an expansion in your chest and heart ?
i know it when i see others act in a kind manner .
how would you teach someone else to be kind ?
research shows that it is not necessarily through words but rather through our body language .
it has been demonstrated that the actual words in an interaction only represent about 15 of the message .
the rest is tone and body language with up to 75 of the message being conveyed through body language .
said differently it 's not always what is said but rather how it is said and conveyed .
i invite you to engage and reflect if you 're willing .
set the intention to extend one or more acts of kindness aok 's .
then next monday we 'll report back and see what effects occurred .
if last week you set an intention to be kind .
do you have an intention to share about an act of kindness aok this week ?
together we can change the world to a better place .
here is the link from to review a 21-day global experiment to extend kindness http www.karmatube.org/videos.php ? id=4472 .
just think what the 40,000 fine sobernauts of sd can do across our planet !
it 's up to you me and us together !
just for today i do n't drink with you while we 're being kind !
if we buy accomodation in an office why not also give the ability to choose office as an spawn point after joining an server only for those who bought the accomodation
someone please tell they know the song name plz ... i actually loved it lol
elites seem to go as minor major ultra zealot ... stealth specops dead black ones ?
brutes have some unclear amount of ranks as the followers and leaders '' seem to confuse me as they have multiple colours dark blue and yellow black and white power armour brutes .
skirmishers are on the same boat as brutes from what i see as ones with shields are majors but they have different colours ...
i am crafting a barbarian and his character is a bit incompatible with rage '' .
here is the thing when he fights he does n't become angry he is a person that just loves to fight so during battle he has a wide smile and he is very happy he does n't hate his enemies it 's nothing personal he just enjoys the mere act of fighting .
so what i want to do is a little cosmetic change i want to rename his rage to something else .
the question is what would be the right word to describe this behavior ?
what is the word that i am looking for ?
this is a very early analysis into xs/xl distribution and pokemon species .
please feel free to add a link if this has been analyzed before .
i tried searching but most come up with general xl/xs discussions and do n't diferentiate the pokemon species .
there seems a recurring theme people asking about the meaning of xs/xl or weight/size but are told they are just random meaningless .
well i read these threads but looking at my data i was a disbeliever as well .
after all my perfect 100 vaporeon was xs and i read at least 2 accounts of other players with pefect xs vaporeons .
i noted cp/hp/dust to power up size and weight as well as a link to the image in case someone is n't believing my data .
yes confirming myself i found 5 other examples of perfect or possibly perfect vaporeons and all were xs as well .
a good analysis also looks into a counter set .
adding 12 non perfect pokemon i get a 75 rate of xs in the non-perfect ones 9/12 and an overall rate of 83.3 of xs across all my vaporeons .
suddenly 6 out of 6 does n't look that stellar anymore .
i had trouble to find pictures of perfect ones only 1 possible so just looked at any snorlax .
i 'm now finally convinced that xs/xl as well as size is not a good descriptor for good pokemon .
but the occurance of the xl/xs label seems heavily based on the pokemon species .
i can only speculate but lets see what others think .
it is still unclear to me if a perfect vaporeon always is xs or not .
but it would need too much data to show one way so if you have a iv15/15/15 vaporeon which is not xs then please let me know .
edit there was a comment regarding the 'evolving bug ' .
i checked spearow and seems a lot are xs as well i then checked wigglytuff and 5/5 are non-xs with one xl/xl .
i also looked for 'wild vaporeon ' but only found a single picture that clearly stated this was a wild one it was also xs .
edit2 looked up 10 gyrados pictures will add links when i have time to the spreadsheet only 3/10 normal 4xs 1 xsxl and 1 xl .
clearly a lot less xs but not enough data clean enough data .
i know it ends on the 23rd but i need to know the time for it ending because i get paid on the 23rd and i want to buy loot boxes for the event .
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
also feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score so people can compare .
i already have the princess and i use a trifecta with a legend .
but i dont know if i should buy the ice wizard .
i have gotten some new board games that i 'd desperately like to try but my group only wants to play eldritch horror .
i 'd like to try betrayal at the house on the hill 7 wonders keyflower and dead of winter ...
but my group refuses to even try them because of eldritch horror .
i tried talking up betray at the house tonight but was n't successful and we ended up playing eldritch horror .
a few weeks ago we tried cosmic encounter but no one took it seriously because they wanted the game to end as soon as possible so we could play eldritch horror .
i know this might seem more like a blessing than a problem but i want to try out some of my other games .
any ideas how i can convince my group to play something else ?
i think the firespray is one of the coolest-looking ships in star wars and i love flying it but it just seems rather underwhelming now compared to the shiny new shadowcaster .
i am considering buying the shadowcaster but i do n't think it looks particularly cool so i 'm not sure if i can justify the purchase even with the cool upgrades in the box .
i did n't buy a jumpmaster because i dislike the design and would never want to actually fly it .
i 'm currently making a list with emon azzameen since bombing is one thing the shadowcaster ca n't do well it almost can with the help of rigged cargo chutes .
help me be excited about the firespray by suggesting cool builds or lists that can make it as powerful as a shadowcaster !
back again for some more advice for my first pc build while i 'm converting from ps4 to pc .
pcpartpicker part list http pcpartpicker.com/list/cxxmvv price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/list/cxxmvv/by_merchant
i am looking for a story i read a while back i was able to remember the basics and got a summary from someone who also recalled more information but not the name or author
harry did n't know anything about magic and worked as a cook at like a diner in a small town .
it was winter hermione was running away from death eaters because they had taken over the country or were at least operating openly .
she was starving and offered harry her body for food .
instead harry took her home and shared his dinner with her .
hermione finds out who he is and tells him that he 's famous all about magic and that he has a mountain of gold in gringotts .
it ends with them planning to get to gringotts and get his money .
i think it was part of a one shot collection
so national guard called to be on standby this is how fast shtf can go down if a curfew was called do you have food at home ?
it 's just a bunch of horrible pubs kids who some how find their way into the playlist .
in bo2 league play was actually competitive because there were rankings .
me being in masters guaranteed i played against pros and the best of the best .
i liked those rankings because it made sure everything was competitive .
i liked that mlg decided to host cod champs qualifier through league play .
now the arena playlist is n't even worth my time .
so wade keller today had a follow up on the austin/ambrose podcast apparently he talked with those behind the scenes and those close to dean .
yesterday he had analysed the podcast itself and i thought he was too biased towards austin .
here 's a rundown on what he said and my take on it .
ambrose started to get uncomfortable when austin push hard on his upbringing so the podcast did n't start off well .
he does n't like talking about his upbringing much and thought that they had covered all that needed to be covered
austin had a earpiece and it seemed like he was fed lines about what to ask hence the constant badgering about dean 's childhood
ambrose is actually a smart guy but socially awkward .
he was n't lying when he said that he could have done well in school but he lost interest and fell in with the wrong crowd in high school
it 's unfair to say that he was on drugs or that he is dim witted .
there 's a reason why someone like renee is so into him .
keller 's source also said that they thought renee could do better i think this is asinine and not for an outsider to say
the general consensus is that austin and ambrose just did n't click but he was n't being disrespectful
another consensus is that things has changed since austin 's days and that he is n't around enough to understand this even though dean tried to tell austin this .
dean is a smart guy works hard but is frustrated as per his comments about lesnar
this could mean that management was testing dean by pushing his buttons that they knew he did n't want pushed
would be interesting to see if management holds it against him or this be a learning curve for dean
keller thought dean was spot on with what he said about the brand split
i thought this was interesting insight into the interview and for me says more about the management than dean himself .
it is poor management that they purposely provoke their talent and may hold it against him .
i also thought that it was unfair to expect someone who is socially awkward to get out of an uncomfortable situation perfectly .
it should be noted that keller is friends with austin so a lot of what he says is biased towards him .
i thought that austin had to take some of blame for the interview but keller completely dismissed this .
keller also thought that dean should have 'kissed austin 's ass ' because he held the same belt as he does now .
we have until the first game of the regular season to decide on contract lengths .
we are allowed 2 four year contracts 5 three year contracts 8 two year contracts and an unlimited number of 1 year contracts .
what do you guys think i should use my contracts on ?
i just recently get the right gear to be able to run the 4 horsemen farm on heroic .
i ran it over and over a few days ago and was getting loads of set gear drops as were my teammates .
yesterday was more golds than set gear but still good .
has anybody figured out what determines or should i say helps getting set gear ?
you can show off talk about it have fun make suggestions whatever .
so originally i planned to spend more time working on the css of the sub .
however i received sufficient requests to allow people access that i have gone ahead and made the sub public right now in a very rough form .
now i know harmony does n't have the greatest reputation among the fandom .
we have a very small but vocal part of the community that is shall we say aggressively intolerant of the ending of the series and dedicated to tearing the canon ships down .
this sub is about celebrating the harmony ship and categorizing the best fanworks .
if that 's not your thing or you object to harmony in some way then you do n't have to visit although i encourage you to check it out .
my coding background is limited to python and java and i expect learning css/html even basically to be very difficult .
you can help by posting or submitting fanworks to the submissions thread .
because the actual mod of this is rather self-conscious and worried about releasing a rough product .
is anyone doing moose runs for free or a minimal amount ?
if something is 100 calories and one serving size and it says based on a 2000 calorie diet '' would the number of calories from from 100 to something else if the person was on a 700 calorie diet ?
volume 06 chapter 45 – my name is babata http www.translationnations.com/translations/swallowed-star/swallowed-star-volume-06-chapter-45
year 2056 in a city in the yuan jiang su jin area .
on top of a ruined shattered six story residential apartment sits a teenager wearing a combat vest militaristic trousers and alloyed battle boots .
on his back is a hexagonal shield and equipped is a blood-shadow battle knife .
he sits there silently on the edge of the roof .
at this time the sparkling sky was shining and there was a refreshing breath within the air that blew towards him .
however there was only silence within the ruined deserted city with an occasional howl that makes your heart skip a beat .
i 've seen a lot of different reviews and links but which one is the best ?
also wondering about the cdg x supreme long sleeve shirt .
i 've has pain for as long as i can remember down there .
sharp pains that would make me almost faint in mid walk .
i have n't been to the lady doctor in years and i went this past week .
i told him all of my symptoms and he said endometriosis and adenomyosis are more than likely the cause .
i had a pelvic ultrasound about 3 years ago after a miscarriage my left ovary was missing '' the only explanation was it was being pushed behind my uterus by scar tissue .
my gynecologist said it was more than likely endometriosis causing this .
now my right side is hurting really bad i about died when he pushed doing the exam .
i have been on the depot shot for 6 years now i explained to him the cramping only happened every once and awhile now it 's everyday and it is .
he 's starting me on lupron since depot is n't working anymore .
it seemed like a rush but he 's certain i have endo by all my symptoms .
i have my personal reasons i am very sick other than this and i do n't want to have another child that could get this .
i have one already and was told i was lucky to have him when i did because there is no way i could have anymore now .
i have chronic sciatica to the point i can barley walk .
i have a 5 year old i want to play with him but some days i ca n't feel my legs .
i have issues with my spine but there is no spinal cord involvement yet .
i keep reading about laps and all that but i 'm afraid to be put under more than once .
i have a condition that makes me swell uncontrollably with anesthesia .
i rather be put under once and have it all done .
i 'm getting an ultrasound done this week i know what it 's going to say .
it 's all screwed up down there and i have to go see the specialist for surgery .
the doctor was impressed by my maturity it seemed like .
i explained to him my reasons why i do n't want anymore children and i was honestly looking for permanent birth control options .
my husband and i have talked about this and we have plans to adopt later on in life if we are able too if not we 'll make our child 's life amazing now and get puppies .
i have really weird mixed emotions about all this .
on one hand my pain can be helped a lot by surgery on the other hand i would like to have another baby sometimes i had a horrible pregnancy .
tl dr doc thinks i have endo 99.9 sure .
i 'm planning to go to london to play as it seems to be lit there like in any city centre but to the extreme .
can anybody recommend certain areas to go and any well planned pokemon routes to travel ?
just figured i 'd post here quickly then delete it in 8 hours or so once i realize nobody else cares about custom colors except me .
is there anyway we could sideload a bluestacks app on windows 10 mobile ?
if not would it be hard for them to do ?
it would be an interesting concept even if it does n't work great but worth the shot .
tfw our friend group all give him personally made gifts
a few summers back i decided to get on this dating app called meetme to see if i could score a few dates .
i ran across this cutie with a really interesting gothish type style .
she had a couple facial piercings and this cool looking pixie cut with a fade on one side which i thought suited her really well .
i shot the shit with her for a bit and we set up a coffee date for the next day .
she had me pick her up and i found that she lived in this somewhat dilapidated apartment complex which surprised me because the surrounding neighborhoods were pretty nice but i did n't give half of a shit .
anyway she hops in my car and we head to starbuck 's and we make small talk and bond by people watching the other customers and talking shit about them .
eventually we decide to leave and since i was planning on going to the mall to get gta v that day i asked her to come with and she was down so off we went .
once we got there things started to escalate a little bit but i definitely did n't foresee what would happen later at all i was a bit more shy and naive back then .
i should mention she was wearing this flowy orange sheer top that was a bit see-through and after more than a couple glances i noticed she had huge round tits .
when we were walking through the mall and talking we ended up holding hands and when she was n't touching up my bicep with her free hand she made damn sure i knew how big and soft those tits of hers were because she kept rubbing them up against my arm and holding my arm on and between them .
i was fighting a hard-on the entire time praying she would n't notice the bulge in my thigh pointing in her direction again shy me .
fortunately i was able to keep a straight face the entire time so i could continue to vibe with her without being super awkward .
once i 'd gotten my childish plaything we hopped in my car and went back to her place and she invited me in .
we sat down on the couch in her living room with the door to the rest of the apartment shut .
she kinda kicked back and let the conversation fade away until my balls finally dropped and i got the feeling that maybe i should make a move on her .
i lean in and start kissing her and she had the thickest softest lips i 'd ever felt .
she was n't the best kisser in the world not that i was one to talk at the time but she still had me kinda charged up so i did n't care .
i started to kiss down her neck and chest until i made my way to her bra and i pulled out her beautiful triple d 's and started sucking them one at a time .
i swirled my tongue around her nipples then sucked them all the while she 's grinning down at me .
for whatever reason she seemed like she was more gratified than horny and almost not even into it but she was letting me move things forward so i kept paying those big ol pillowy tits some attention for a couple more minutes and then again bitch ass shy ass 18 year old me i stopped .
i still do n't know exactly why i did n't keep it going with her to see where it would go but something about it seemed off and i got that awkward feeling again .
she just kicks back in the corner of the couch like nothing happened and puts her tits away and i kinda recede and cool off for a minute and then ...
the door to the rest of the apartment opens and in walks her fucking mom .
she greets me and seemed nice enough asking her daughter who her new 'friend ' was and i stammer cotton-mouthed trying to introduce myself to this woman who literally missed seeing me with her daughter 's titty in my mouth by about 90 seconds .
she offers me something to drink and i decline so she heads back down the hall wherein i see a grade school age boy who turned out to be her little cousin which made me feel a thousand times worse .
once her mom 's out of sight i look back over to this girl and she looks like she 's about to laugh her ass off but i 'm giving her the look of a guy who feels he narrowly escaped the lorena bobbitt treatment .
since we could n't go back to my place because my parents were there and i did n't feel like trying to test fate again i decided that was enough shit for one day .
she was a cool girl so i ended up dating her on and off for a few months until my 19th birthday where i narrowly escaped her setting me up story for another day .
i consider my self to be in the depression/anxiety stage of atheism right now .
in just shock that you 've been living a lie all your life and readjusting your self to a whole new way of thinking .
i like to use the term secular humanist '' or culturally muslim '' idk atheist '' has such a negative connotation .
maybe it 's something that i will have to get my self used to in time .
my close friend who is a ultra-christian pleaded me that i believe in a god that atheism is the worst possible life style for me .
when i asked him to justify he gave me apologetics so bad that not even the worst of apologists would use them .
so he invited me to his church because i 've never had a christian understand of god in my life he thought it could maybe change my mind .
and he gave me his bible like that was anything new .
i actually read it to remind my self of the absurdities atrocities within it to get a good laugh at a farce of a book the bible is .
so i listened to the sermon usual crap about how the community needs to get closer to god blah blah blah .
then my friend introduced me to the pastor it went on from there .
now the night before i did n't refresh my self on apologetics or refutations because i knew the pastor was n't going to say anything mind blowingly new he was gon na say the same tired apologetics .
now i did n't go in trying to start a debate that would be idiotic for obvious reasons .
i wrote notes on my s6 to tell him about the problems i see in religion in general .
i told the pastor a very quick run down on how i came to deconvert and how both sides of the issue are guilty of doing certain things .
so then i asked the pastor why he chooses christianity among all the other religions and he tells me that he does n't like to call christianity is a religion because religion says you have to earn your way to salvation whereas true '' christianity is about love that we do n't need to earn '' our way to salvation because the lord is calling us . ''
and what do you know he then pulls out the good ol ' circular reasoning about how awesome the bible is written and it just has to be divinely inspired .
i lastly spoke of that many people believe just because their parents believed and they grow up in a homogeneous environment that discourages questioning .
he claimed he was like that but he was born again '' at 20 and saw the truth in christ . ''
at this point i feel some negative energy like some feeling that he was getting annoyed that i had so many questions .
i made it clear that i came to the church to get a christian understanding of god and that i did n't come to start a debate or attack anyone 's intellect .
the pastor said he had to get going he saw potential in me in finding christ and that it was god 's plan '' who did n't see that coming for me that i came to church to get answers .
he said a prayer for me lol and that was it .
the 1st part where the pastor claims christianity is n't a religion but a relationship with god '' i do n't remember so well because it all happened too quickly and here i was actually expecting a discussion with someone who 's job is to communicate christianity to outsiders .
what if we resurrect to find out that islam was the truth the whole time ?
how would we respond if our children came out to us as gay/muslim/atheist ?
what if someone in the congregation came to you said they honestly ca n't believe in christianity anymore ?
as babies we have no conclusive beliefs so why do n't we tell our children about other religions let them choose for themselves as children are not property .
also shy do we get them when they 're young to believe ?
could you believe in christianity if it were never exposed to you ?
what if atheists treated you like you were diseased and needed to be saved from your beliefs ?
i wanted to ask him all that not to change his mind obviously but for a deeply religious person to hear another side out .
looking back at it it probably is stupid i should n't have considered talking to him anyway since religious wackos ca n't have a conversation without them accusing you of attacking their intellect .
oh well i do n't care at this point .
i take heed in the fact that young people are leaving the church and are finding out scientific realities .
i respect everyone 's right to believe what they want but i will call out bs where it is appropriate .
why is it that i always show up as player one and whenever a 3rd player ca n't connect we end up using my 2 other characters with me in control ?
with competitive matchmaking already being widely unpopular this honestly might be the killing blow .
out of my last 10 games i have literally got paired with hackers 7 times .
most of the time them being the same people .
it 's already an unachievable pipe dream trying to rank up with when you never get paired with anyone your own rank but it 's damn near impossible when you get hackers 7/10 games .
they 've even started queuing up together to make vaccinator medics useless against them .
the game has basically turned into man i sure hope the hackers are on my team this round so i can get my elo back ''
valve either needs to make their report system actually do something or fix their vac program .
what kind of time do you guys usually put in ?
i have been having this issue where my phone would randomly disconnect from my wifi and boot me into lte .
when i try to connect back to wifi through the wifi settings the app freezes and crashes having to make me reboot my iphone over again .
i have an iphone 6 64 gb running public beta 4 .
im seriously considering going back to ios 9 at this point because this is infuriating !
i just went back to ios 9.3.3 and that seemed to fix my problem so far .
i may go back to ios 10 later due to the fact this particular issue stemmed from ios 9.3.4 according to those that shared my particular issue .
i hope this works for you to if you have this strange problem .
need more for my maps and they added a captcha that stops most account maker scripts
never happens on netflix or youtube i think but nbc olympics uverse and others in the past just bog down after maybe 10 minutes .
moving the mouse over the video causes it to speed up and catch up to live .
the ceremony at blackmont was a highlight of the best of dorne 's summers .
in the high valleys of the red mountains at the bottom of one of the torrentine 's great falls the couple said their vows before the seven under the light of the morning sun .
the grounds for the ceremony were carefully maintained with canopies provided to those wishing to hide from the glare of the sun .
a beautifully adorned latticework platform held up the bride and groom before an array of idols to the gods ellion blackmont in a fine robe of black and yellow cloth and demetra dalt wrapped in a thick purple bridal cloak the golden sigil of her family glinting in the light .
the ceremony proceeded swiftly through the various rituals the seven blessings and the seven anointments of oil the seven vows and the reading of seven verses the singing of seven hymns to the accompaniment of seven bells and finally the exchanging of the bride 's cloak for the sigil of her new house the bright colors of house blackmont falling easily around demetra 's shoulders .
following soon after the ceremony came the various contests the majority of the day being spent on these events .
as the sun was nearing the end of its arc downwards the guests and the two wedding parties converged again on the grounds beside the torrentine now set for a feast .
garlands of bright flowers made daisy-chains between the posts of the tables as the scent of savory and spicy dornish delicacies wafted down the river .
seating was mixed so that guests from any region could dine with whomever they wished while at the high table the families of the bride and groom were seated as well as a place of honor for any member of house martell in attendance .
with a wave from the groom the players struck up jaunty tunes and servants came in to set out the first dish of the feast .
i was just wondering if anyone had experiences with http genteikits.com because i am planning on ordering from them but i wanted to hear what r/gunpla knew or thought about them .
nimu 's 14:00 http vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/kancolle/images/8/8c/i-26-14.ogg/revision/latest ? cb=20160812230357 and 15:00 http vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/kancolle/images/a/a8/i-26-15.ogg/revision/latest ? cb=20160812230408 hourly lines .
it 's 140 ... ah could that be ... could that be a lexington-class ?
it was a different person but you could say it was a different ship ?
is there anyone currently in the game she can mistaken as saracchi ?
libertarians '' voting for trump as far as the eye can see .
so i 'm listenting to kid a for the 2nd time and recognized the oohs in the beginning of optimistic and it felt really familiar .
i recognized the familiarity on my first listen too a while back but initially brushed it off thinking i heard it in some commercial or some shit .
just listened again and then went back to nostalgia ultra and heard the same thing .
i usually go between 10 to 15 miles each time i go out .
i want to make it to 20 to 25 miles before the end of the summer .
i 've been riding a little over a month now .
i 'm a few weeks into bullet journaling and find myself feeling terribly guilty for skipping days here and there .
i know this is silly but there it is .
might seems stupid but i was wondering do facial hairs matter when the girl is on top and grinding ?
i was wondering if there is a difference girl 's pleasure when both partners are shaved or both partners are natural/trimmed i assume hair might play a role in the stimulation of the clitoris stubbles would probably be a problem right ?
i really want to learn programming go in particular but i find that whenever i get to a part that i do n't understand immediately i give up really quickly and distract myself with other things .
i find myself procrastinating and generally just not working on it as much as i would like to .
i never had this problem in university probably because i was paying a ton of money to be there so i did n't wan na waste it .
now that i do n't have that pressure i find it really difficult to make myself do it .
i also found that having organized lessons with weekly tests and projects that had to be done on time really helped force me to learn/study in university .
so are there any strategies out there that would help me to organize my time and create some incentives to study other than just i need to study if i want to learn this skill '' .
are there any specific ways that people create custom lesson plans for themselves ?
i 'm writing a blog on ffrk up to this point and in it i mention the tactics banner situation .
i was wondering how many of you quit spending because of that fiasco or know anybody who quit the game entirely ?
are you still spending less or not spending at all ?
or have you gone back to your original spending habits ?
i would be very interested to see how many players that issue lost dena and how it affected your spending on the game .
i used the search function and did n't find much .
in light of dena 's recent redemption of sorts i 'm sure the game has about as big and happy of a community as it did before .
meanwhile the cubs have the most wins in the nl and have a run differential of 196 .
i mean people got shanked back in the day for simply looking like a vampire soo ...
not even his resounding flop i killed my lesbian wife hung her on a meat hook and now i have a three-picture deal at disney .
https www.rottentomatoes.com/m/i-killed-my-lesbian-wife-hung-her-on-a-meat-hook-and-now-i-have-a-threepicture-deal-at-disney but only in that it has no tomatometer rating .
but it seems his specialty is gritty boston/southie stuff .
of his writing/directorial pursuits all take place in boston .
so if his batman movie is gon na be good and it 's gon na be a labor of his vision it 'll probably be something like this .
is that a batman you want for the dc cinematic universe ?
the transport touched down on the glossy hangar floor .
loaded with food ammunition rations and explosives ships like these topped up the evictus ' supplies constantly .
often small deliveries accompanied the regular orders of long store food and blaster gas cartridges .
the loading ramp lowered down crew members began unloading the large crates of heavily disliked food and the ever popular shipment of high explosive .
a man clad in mandalorian armour stepped down the ramp with 2 bags one slung over his back the other hanging from his hand .
his face was buried in his data pad attempting to find his way to the isb office waiting for him when something flashed his peripheral vision ...
there are a series of bugs that happen in the 2.5 ptu after buying a second sidearm all of which stem from your stock energy pistol not being unequipped automatically after buying an upgrade .
you can go to the weapons shop at port o to unequip the standard pistol which frees up the holster and fixes all the related issues .
i know this is a game meant to be played online but i just thought if maybe they could a pve mode to the game besides pvai mode
one of those shitty screamo bands like black veil brides .
carr stafford cousins and taylor are all solid picks .
look at the last games from stafford after his bye last year when they made the coaching change to jim bob cooter had to say it .
cousins is in another contact year and will be aiming to further prove he deserves a huge contract .
and taylor continues to improve and has the running stats .
do n't sit around and act as if this is bad .
you wo n't cry vomit or do anything of that sort .
wrap your arms around this possibility of an unknown god .
baby oil and olive oil can be used as makeup remover and nivea post shave balm is a great primer .
but when someone projects an image of themselves that turns out to be completely false .
ample of a comment some r/politics mod removed as a blatant act of censorship http m.imgur.com/aowcrs
sherrod brown only got 50.7 of the vote in a presidential election year .
i see no reason to think it would be hard for the super popular kasich to win during midterms
there are a fair few highlight reels on youtube .
his play is freaking awesome especially given that he is a rookie
the vast majority of people are familiar with that pretentious scenario .
and yet smart '' people keep bringing it up .
i just know this is gon na be good .
well i 've learned most people on reddit are unintelligent and aware of it
unlike the people who are unintelligent and unaware of it .
and furthermore will get offended and butthurt if you happen to be someone who is both intelligent and proud of it
and it tends to lead to downvote hell or links to r/iamverysmart further demonstrating their own insecurity and butthurt towards themselves and said intelligence levels .
til linking something to a subreddit is an indication of someone 's intelligence .
but since i do n't give a fuck what reddit thinks or how smug '' people mistake me for being
you 'd only need to kill off like 50 people or so for that to happen !
and for someone who does n't give a fuck you sure are hung up about proving how intelligent '' you are .
a truly smart person would choose option 2 which would instantly make the entire world a lot smarter in your case not much would change though !
i 've seen your nose ... why on earth did you pick that one ?
would love to see more of chillin especially with vish .
the guy knows every aspect of the game and he brings the hype .
aww man your telling me leo komarov is gay now too ?
the leafs just keep taking ls enough is enough http media.gettyimages.com/photos/leo-komarov-of-the-toronto-maple-leafs-watches-the-play-against-the-picture-id497554514
is that a comment on their spelling of quran/koran/qur'an ?
i 've never actually seen anyone stuff the crust of one of these pizzas so i decided to try it myself .
when i did it i threw a little bit of almond flour onto my hands just so it would n't stick to me .
when you do it make sure you do n't do the edges too thin or else you wo n't be able to tuck the edges over the cheese .
if consensus is not reached by block 1764000 it will wait until 750/1000 agrees thereafter .
when 750/1000 is reached after 1764000 qubit is disallowed and yescrypt allowed .
i completely agree when you compare it to onenote the editor is a complete joke .
it 's not finished ... every movie that uses cgi looks weirder in trailers .
pretty sure by round 30 it takes two hits with the basic shield .
no flair league i am where i can only roster 1 rp or rp/sp .
iglesias is kinda gold because has potential save op from sp spot .
i begged to opt out but i could n't because they would n't let you opt out under any circumstances .
they had to supervise you and you had to eat the jello .
sounds to me like they may have added something to it to make the children easier to deal with .
i 'm not saying you were drugged but you know the implication .
my complaints was the exact opposite.. until the point we broke up cause she ca n't make me feel desired
i 'm gon na see it when in in jackson hole ... . what a good coincidence
in half-life 1 during 'on a rail ' you can hear weird screams and gasps or so that 's what i remember .
i do n't know if they 're actually ghosts or not .
i can use the subjunctive but ca n't understand that .
never learned formal grammar too much terminology you have to learn just to get started .
most of his colleagues are what 's wrong with the labour party
does anyone remember that video circulating a few months ago showing all the goals we conceded last season .
add to that the europa league final and yesterday .
what it also does n't show is when he messes up completely but luckily one of our players recovers for him
i 'd feel happier playing with 10 men than the squad thinking he 's there and capable of doing his job
so much horrible conditioning my brain does not remember .
no fucking way you guys get braces for free .
do we think fat is a by-product of that self-centeredness ?
or does fat bring it into being somehow due to the need to constantly get and gorge and the feeling of bad fatty ! ''
i would love to see uncut onboard footage from launch to landing .
and the iconic shawty imma party till the sundown https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=hnb8_sulbo0 ?
right first in a production car as the article clearly states .
it talks about other attempts and a bit of the history of nissan 's version .
you can look up and see them clear as day !
well every damn hotel and gas station doubles as a casino so it 's unavoidable that there will be kids .
you are n't allowed to think https www.fanfiction.net/s/8181390/1/doom-repercussions-of-evil-repost is bad until you write a better doom fanfiction .
that 's apparently the way the world works you know if you were old enough to know that .
i 'm doing it e3d for better stability but e3.5d is the usual schedule .
it 's actually still my lock screen right now so i 'm with you
mate i do n't wan na tell you how to relax but i do wan na look out for you and your new oak table .
playbook may still be as great as the last time i watched but i do n't know .
solomon wilcots is so informed and a great teacher .
his voice and mannerisms really help people stay interested in something that can easily bore them if presented by someone else .
or you can get this little map and get gud http steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails ? id=607626516
i know some are more strict about technology than others how did he make it work ?
you 've got this the your cpu isnt new enough '' warning and the please take off your headset to complete install .
i ended up making a little paper cone out of the instructions from perrin haha that worked well .
i 'll finish the campaign first though before i think about buying the dlcs
the farm they 're on is at 1000 ' so the season is about a month behind the valley .
played in the t6 raid so they are at least partially active .
i suggest that we page them and remind them to contribute .
siege do you have problems with members who do n't contribute energy for raiding or activities the daily stuff that boosts our tier so ppl get better guild currency/gear every day ?
i say we should page them for 72 hrs before placing them on the reserve kick list .
as for the rest you know i 've suggested shortening the idle threshold from 14 days to 7 days ... i 'd like to hear from either or both moose and shark to see which they prefer 5 or 7 .
once we have a majority place the offenders on the kick list in order of idle time .
i think when all 's said and done we 'll have about 10 spaces that we can spare for active players .
the remaining issue of course is recruiting seems like a lot of guilds especially t6/heroic are having trouble finding good members so perhaps we should all help .
shark how are things on that front ... we got 2 members last week i think ?
do you think it would be productive if siege and i jumped in or is it best to let you handle it ?
no limits it can be anyone as long as the person is/was famous .
i had a job interview for an internal promotion once .
every person in the room was someone i had worked with in some capacity or at least had seen regularly around the office .
and they still managed to act like they had never seen me nor my resume before .
it 's a side grade for the most part but the 1070 uses a fraction of the power and runs cooler .
i 'll do it and then make her an armor knight
never heard of ifttt i 'll have to look into that a bit more .
so i 'm guessing its just gon na be main character u battles until dena can bring something else
we were talking about it a couple weeks ago at a dc watch party .
i do n't think merritt has actually said anything but there 's only so many options left for the team to incorporate the visit into another travel plan without having to fly out just for the white house visit .
but she was n't in the family photos either ...
not one thing but probably half my kitchen items i bought when i moved into my new house .
i probably spent upwards of 1000 on stuff like a crockpot rice cooker blender mixing bowl juicer etc .
out of the two years i 've lived here the only thing i used consistently is my slow cooker and toaster .
does taking long exposure while freezing the couple on the right with an off camera flash count as perfect timing ?
is there any small adjustments that could turn it into something better ?
even if the shooting other people '' mechanic was implemented the chance to actually meet someone else in the game is virtually 0 .
if what i 've heard about california and particularly sf is true it 's probably filled with arrogant entitled people .
even if mems went up a couple of a month to allow for more engine workers .
i hate jagexs constant excuses would require too much engine work . ''
well go hire some people who are good at it .
and before you say to me go apply i am a counselling major and live like 16,000 km away .
not like this gb costing betty her last medal with the gb record
i 'd advise a facebook event too where you have details food drink provided anyone is welcome a raffle will be held you can read the first chapter at this website etc .
he could have went to ajax before going to real if he did that he would have had a chance
i 'm on my third read through right now .
i wish every shitty web serial/fanfiction writer was as good as wildbow .
i tend to fire a lot of shots and stay on the objective so i get a lot of objective kills for a relatively low damage output
this is a very good idea ... but in practice its kinda hard to do.. i guess it comes with practice .
i did n't see the need to method act for a fucking comic book character ?
like just research by reading i do n't know comic books ?
he was too far up his own ass one this one
psychologists might have a lot of fun with you p
i stopped updating it years ago so it was fine .
just majority of apps obviously wouldnt support that ios version.. its so nice to have a proper phone now .
do n't you 'll get some questioning gaze at best and becoming a laughing stock at worst unless your course/uni is tech-oriented .
arguably get a gaming laptop with mobile 1060/70/80 within 4-5 months but heh
i was hungry and yeah im kind of an idiot
i 'm a jugg spammer and i approve this message .
no banks usually mean no jobs or mostly assistance checks to be cashed .
whenever he was jumpy before this update it was probably glitches .
i planned on buying those ... guess i 'll check out the french version
the mud brick buildings of shibam https cache.boston.com/universal/site_graphics/blogs/bigpicture/yemen_10_29/y01_16824015.jpg have up to eleven stories and the nearby city of tarim features a 53m 175ft minaret https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tarim yemen media/file minaret_al_muhdhar_mosque_tarim_yemen.jpg made from the same material .
yeah but if he had used a filipino name you probably would n't have known if it was masculine or feminine .
it would have turned from a jokey story into a 'cool story bro '
seriously i thought that game would never go on sale .
there is actually a documentary on steam just released about japan 's indie game scene .
it is called branching paths here 's a link to a review of it http www.hardcoregamer.com/2016/07/29/japanese-indie-scene-documentary-hits-steam-and-playism/218887
i know you are looking for specific communities but maybe this is a good starting point to check out .
otherwise yeah meet ups are probably a good first intro .
i only joined this sub and reddit haha a few months ago but i 've been watching pll since the pilot .
it 's been fun watching the last season of pll with this sub .
prep lots of hot water to the face and a smearing of proraso preshave
while not a bad shave it was n't super comfy .
i probably used too much water in my brush .
alt innsbruck is such a nice scent and i am thrilled u/chevro1et was kind enough to send me yet another sample of it .
now he needs to either let me pay him back with money or accept some samples from me .
i am in his debt at this time and that will not stand !
i got a pile of soaps in the mail today from a fellow redditor .
they include a wide array of van yulay samples two henri et victoria soaps maggard razors chai tea otoko organics vitos i think ?
a nearly full tub of shave of the gods from van yulay which smells great !
fine american blend and two soaps from a soapmaker unknown to me j davis soap company .
i 'll add j davis to the list of artisans in the wiki shortly .
i have added a metric crapton of artisans to the list in the wiki in case you have n't swung by there recently .
i think you 'll be amazed at just how many artisans there are ... and by no means is that a definitive list .
you said it yourself 'a good reason for that disappointment ' .
i hyped the game up in my mind to something greater than it could ever be '' is n't a good reason in my books do n't know about you .
i kept my 'hype ' in check and paid close attention to what the developers described when talking about the game and as such it was not a disappointment to me .
minor criticisms not withstanding the game is really good .
i can understand why it might not be worth the money to some people however as they do n't place any value on promises for the future .
but in the event that hello games does deliver on it 's claims of free updates for the foreseeable future then the 60 dollar price tag is pretty good value because in the current economy of video games that 's effectively like getting the season pass and the game for 60 dollars .
i 'm in the same situation and i 'm bringing mine .
i 'm buying a kensington lock though because i 'm paranoid .
was n't it only in the show that gold production had ceased ?
i thought the westerlands were still producing gold in the books .
do they just update their press release every year with the new dates ?
it seems we get the same warning at this point every year .
look when you have a kid you give up certain pleasures that you once had .
do n't bring your damn baby on a 5 1/2 hour plane ride !
it 's because people do n't enjoy having their content be manufactured hillary propaganda .
they are n't afraid of venturing out '' it 's just tiresome to see the same pathetically written anti-trump article that comes from sources and websites that were n't even considered news sites until they started shitting on trump posted literally 24/7 .
everyone including people on the fence can see right through what ctr is doing .
i pray for you your travel day goes more smoothly than mine did ...
while trump ca n't even run a campaign/convention without being a total failure .
he only has one field office in florida that is not how you run a fucking campaign .
. the republican party is not behind him 100 percent and he 's losing voters that romney/mccain were able to win .
he 's either trying to lose or he 's totally incompetent and nobody should want him anywhere near the presidency .
not to mention hillary at her best and worse is known quantity .
she can be controlled we know what we 're getting .
while with trump there is really no fucking limit and he can not be controlled .
especially by the rnc/republicans they have n't been able to stop him yet because they 're fucking cowards .
so pardon if they do n't sound convincing when they say they 'll stop him from being a shit president that takes us all down with him .
maybe he wont nuke another country just because he got insulted but i would n't put it past him .
. he has no understanding of anything and his ego wont let him let anything go .
considering his sta is 121 and not 120 ... maybe i 'm just nitpicking .
could n't explore due to the very rapid appearing of combat units not the friendly little flying drones that shoot pea shooters .
got a few rare green orbs worth about 60k each and flew somewhere else
shall be waiting it does n't seem you have to be afraid of anything when it comes to your body !
are you referring specifically to the .40 's or full size m p 's in general ?
i own a full size m p9 and have put plenty of rounds through it and could n't be happier .
no one in history has ever suggested that humans are n't part of the same species
there are lots of examples showing otherwise from history http understandingrace.org/history/science/one_race.html
for compatibility the enderal esm 's are called skyrim.esm '' and update.esm '' .
but remember to add the new bsa 's to your ck by editing the ini !
oh i thought this was going to be a thread about how hard it is to judge how much health kled has by looking at his health bar .
i often cheat while smurfing in lower ranks with friends who also cheat while smurfing we are all around smfc-global in non prime matchmaker .
yes but does linux have lobbyists like microsoft hp and recently google do ?
in areas where it actually counts think finance servers supercomputers they need no lobbying .
the idiots in government used to parade the deals '' they stuck with microsoft/hp/google .
instead of €800 million we 'll only be paying €500 million !
i do remember a while ago people in vilnius city municipality where talking about switching to linux .
i know for fact that some city council members made a switch to ubuntu and liked it or at least that 's what they said however i do not know how it 's going now .
that 's a pretty advanced model for a greenhorn like you do n't you think ?
can still use your dream dress at my your our wedding !
no country for old men by cormac mccarthy because well i found it for 3 bucks at a used book store .
the other side of midnight by sydney sheldon because it was referenced on the night of on hbo and now i 'm curious .
dreaming about getting shot is a reality for them that dream should n't be surprising .
my favourite part is that you can plow right into the side of a space station and the game does n't do a thing .
you try to look at the floor or do a barrel roll and the ship has an aneurysm and instead of doing a flip you get as far as pointing at the floor then the god awful flight assist kicks in and you end up facing the direction you were originally but upside down sometimes you do n't even manage that and you just end up helplessly drifting sideways while the ship tries to avoid the floor
i will never give up hope on seeing fallout new detroit http i.imgur.com/etkqfoe.jpg .
its inevitable so many people have stopped following the team that the few left over are stuck in this negative energy and infighting
yeah releasing the second best selling franchise title is huge fall from grace amirite
you 'd have more gold than those fakkas in casterly rock
i 'm so sorry about you and your wife .
it must be incredibly difficult for you but it is honestly better for everyone involved to focus on themselves and to find happiness for themselves .
it might seem bleak now but in the long run you 're going to feel happier and things will turn out for the better because you 'll be with someone who loves you as you love them .
i 'm glad my words helped and i wish you the absolute best of luck .
that includes every country 's military and intelligence services .
i think you should start by playing phone crush instead of candy crush and i do n't think i 'd hide in any room of a property you own since a hellfire missile do n't give a shit about secret doors .
it 's got ones that are still in development on there techcompliant is making a lot of progress .
prove that i said it first or prove that i can fight you
have a hnd in computing so im educated to that level but ive no interest in computing anymore .
i do n't understand why they do n't have more lighting especially near the basin .
current news on the game your covering different updates that may have occured with your channel or otherwise .
start a conversation with an npc as if they 're a real person this can get silly .
there 's always inviting your audience to ask you anything which is what i usually go with .
this is within reason of course it requires a decent audience in the first place though .
if you throw an overlay with their comment in it as well they love that recognition and more people are inclined to join in as they watch .
i can already imagine your xbox being like the hal9000 feeling betrayed every time you go on the pc instead .
i 'm afraid i ca n't let you play that dave .
if survival was restricted to teams of 4 with ranks of c and above it would be fair .
instead any tom dick and harry can enter survival to purposely lower ranks of the enemy team .
you can only stop the ui from the invation to get displayed but the invite will still be there for the rest of the 30 seconds .
you ca n't get a new invite before the time runs out or the group leader cancels the invitation by himself .
it 's pretty confusing though why you ca n't cancel matchmaking invites because you can decline direct invites from friends or people in safehouses without problems .
i was so heartbroken when i found out that was fake .
the days from grass fed red meat not saying this is op are high in omegas and very good for brain development .
if people understood the dangers of hype there would n't have been such levels of disappointment/anger around watch_dogs .
or probably dozens of other games i ca n't think of right now .
i agree with your sentiment but for the most part hypers gon ' hype .
it sure looks like the gibbz style made by new frontier armory i think except it has that strange bho device under the charging handle ...
my luck gets eevee from 10k egg gets charmander from 2k egg .
listen to his post game interview that 's not an arrogant man .
as you say his marketing team have done wonders for his brand by peddling the arrogant persona .
only thing i 've ever heard about him from other pro 's in interviews is that he is an insane professional .
similar to becks and ronaldo in that he 's always monitoring his nutrition health and always training 110 .
the closest bab to me is in the uk .
we do n't even have amazon in my country .
its a pve centered game and how is boring or bland ?
you have to go seek out content there is tons of group content and allot of it is far better then most mmorpgs .
and actually thats nonsense tons of viable builds now .
your head looks like someone decorated an easter egg with pubes .
having casually analyzed several heap dumps from my server using the heapdump plugin i would be surprised if a plugin could very accurately display per-plugin memory usage outside of classes .
if i 'm not mistaken it 'd be plugins that hold onto references of objects permanently that would be the problem but those references might be to objects from outside the plugin .
if you have a memory leak sure dump the heap and analyze it .
otherwise i have yet to get actionable information from it .
i 'd love to discuss it further with someone with more experience though .
one small thing you missed was when you give orca all the knight crest and he drops his spear he will punch link if you attack him .
yes snorlax has great stats so every moveset if worth powering up imo .
the only exception would be if you have access to a snorlax spawn in which case you could wait for a better snorlax .
i 'm referring to the tentacle phase before the portals .
she hits me during several attempts for 9 sanity loss every 10 seconds while i 'm trying to hunt down all the tentacles .
its like he knew where the camera was and chose the moment the runner obscured it to strike .
last time i saw something that well executed was the russian opposition leader .
i have an intel core i7 4770k with 16 gb ram and i get anything from 60 to 10 fps depending on the age of the server instance .
and that is why i 'm making the question the problem seems to be tied to the age of the instance not the network load .
besides the rate at which a game is rendering the visuals have been decoupled from the networking for 20 years now .
cryengine/star citizen is the first case i have ever heard claims that the render is dependent on network rate which to me is mindblowing to say the least .
comma does n't have to be pronounced per se .
if a department tells the hr department that they need to fill a roll then they also need to tell them what that roll is and what skills they need .
if they do n't do that then what the fuck is hr supposed to do ?
shaman is heading imo and based on the onik cards to an err lementl direction .
maybe some seck revoving around spell damage we will know dorvsure after the next expansion but my predicion is that some sort of spell heavy shaman deck will be the main shaman deck maybe yogg-malygos deck ?
shamam is heading imo based on the cards from onik to an elemntal direction like the elemental shaman in wow a spellcaster .
maybe some deck revolving around spell damage considering maelstron portal and the new weapon it makes sense we will know for sure after the next expansion but my predicion is that some sort of spell heavy shaman deck will be the main shaman deck maybe yogg-malygos deck ?
but there are legit reasons why people hate his joker .
learned of this place in a geology class it 's been a dream of mine since to experience .
everything i 've seen makes it look like a one of a kind experience that would definitely stick with someone .
不協和音 d i s s o n a n c e
i did n't show most of these artists names because if you copy-paste the album names on google you 'd usually see the albums as the first result so you 'd see who made it right away .
smurf tube is what you want in the walls for conduit .
i ran this shit from every room to a centralized wiring closet as well as a few places in the ceilings where i would hang wireless aps .
easy to run cat6 and coax to every room .
i also got the 2 '' version of this stuff for the hdmi runs to behind the tv as well as to the ceiling so i can put a projector up there if i want .
and i ran it to every spot i could conceivably want to mount a speaker later as well .
due to the nature of this subreddit accounts must be at least 60 days old .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shutupandtakemymoney if you have any questions or concerns .
1. no the operating system is n't the same .
if the sig mcx is not an ar then a blowback 15-22 is n't one either .
when i do n't chug i just walk away as if the fight was just a minor inconvenience .
sounds like he 'll be long in the tooth '' before getting another chance .
going by the lore if you get drained by the sand ghost you become one
peronsally i would prefer an ana watching my back over a hanzo .
also my experiences on this board have been less than supportive .
for example a poster claiming to be a nurse gave medical information that contradicted both my doctors and i 've been downvoted for honest questions etc .
if you think about it though it is a basic consumer behavior .
people generally are indifferent to things they have not used before .
if the majority of the people can not use mods it would be quite impossible for them to form opinion or like those things .
so they would be more likely to like vanilla settlements because they can relate to them .
i asked myself as i stare into the gaping void beneath me what is this ? ''
the voice that spoke these words caught me by surprise .
i jumped and turned to see an old man or perhaps an old woman aged beyond their time .
their eye sockets were hollow and their thin white hair had grown so long that it was looked like a translucent cloak .
their nails were long and cracked like those of a witch in the old stories .
the person laughed at my surprise and smiled at me .
if you think i 'm ugly wait until you reach my age . ''
he looks like he was once a man but sounds too feminine for it to be a man 's .
my eyes may have left me but i see you just fine . ''
the old man stood up and i regret being able to now determine their sex .
his shriveled junk looked like raw bacon wrapped in snake skin .
i may tear out my eyes just to unsee it .
cares are the first to go here if you wait long enough . ''
it was then i remembered that i was 'here ' .
purgatory hades limbo barzakh bardo or whatever your religion calls it .
i 've heard it called many things but never quite found a name i liked myself . ''
i was just in the hospital over some cut on my hand .
sure it was deep but it 's just my hand not enough to kill me .
the old man then cackled aloud that echoed down the cliff and then back up making it sound as if the abyss beneath me was laughing with him .
perhaps the rusted metal gave me tetanus or something .
so tell me boy how did you wind up here ? ''
at this point if it is a dream i might as well play along .
i fell asleep in the hospital and woke up here . ''
then suddenly his hollow eyes widened with clarity ah a place where the sick go to die . ''
he said cackling again your life must have been shit if this is your version of getting better ! ''
i shouted at the old man i had a wife and two sons who are waiting for me to come home .
so i 'm going to wake up and you can fuck off ! ''
if they are waiting for you to wake up they 'll be waiting for their graves . ''
the old man said in a low serious tone almost exactly mirroring of his previous tone .
the way he said it felt like a final nail in the coffin .
the old man looked at me with his hollow eyes for what seemed like eternity when suddenly he just started smiling before reverting back to his original tone good i 'm glad you 've finally accepted your situation .
now i can finally tell you what your situation is .
the old man placed his bony hand on my shoulder and i felt my skin try to crawl away from it .
i took a step back and then another why ? ''
plus there really is no where else to go but ... well down .
i do n't mind the company it gets lonely playing in the dirt for a few thousand years . ''
you 're afraid you 'll go to hell ? ''
i asked him half joking and he must have found it funny because he fell on his back laughing until he was in a frenzy .
i took a few more steps back away from him as i was afraid i 'd catch the crazy .
suddenly he jumped to his feet and spoke with his second tone i 'm afraid that there is no hell .
all my life i 've been told to be a good person because i would be rewarded in the afterlife .
never even had a reason to second guess it .
i said my final thoughts aloud i still have no reason to doubt .
it was the voice of a child having a tantrum .
you wo n't leave me in the ditch ! ''
i turned around and saw only an endless plain of dust .
closer still he came same the same words over and over no .
you wo n't leave me in the ditch ! ''
it was as if he was an ipod song on repeat .
i do n't know why but even though i 'm dead i 'm afraid of this man and i only see one way out .
luckily i 've already resolved to go there myself .
i dashed toward it only to be caught by his hand on my shoulder .
he dug his nails into my skin and threw me to the ground and placed his bony foot on my chest .
every one of them went to the void not even thinking of me .
even i wanted to go but who would take me !
if mommy was ashamed then god would be ashamed too !
even the devil would n't take me i 'll bet . ''
the child again became the amused jester as he cackled and danced on my chest .
whoever thinks dying is freedom from pain has obviously never met this guy .
instinctively i rolled to the side and the old man fell off of me .
i got to my feet as fast as i could and ran for the edge of the cliff .
as i approached the edge i jumped and all i could feel was relief .
the old man 's hand grasped my ankle and for a moment i felt like the hand of the devil reached out and was about to pull me down to hell .
next thing i knew my face was fast approaching the cliff wall and then suddenly intense pain on my face as it punch the wall .
the old man leaning over the edge with my foot in his bony yet strong hand i wo n't let you leave me in the ditch mother !
i kicked him with my other foot and the old man staggered and slipped further over edge .
i realized that he had nothing to hold onto up there so i flailed until he fell over with me into the void below us .
i opened my eyes and found myself awake in the hospital .
my sons crying over my lap begging me to wake up .
i opened my mouth to speak but it was too much work .
my sons looked up at me and called their mother saying he 's awake he 's alive ! ''
the doctors came in and explained how it was impossible for me to be alive but then they saw me and their machines which must have shocked them to their core .
as for me i 'm just wondering if this is a dream or if it 's heaven .
it was then i heard the cackling of the old man and the machines beeped like crazy trying to keep up with my racing heart relax boy this is a gift .
a gift of the life i never had a chance to live .
i 'll be waiting at the cliff where we can take the plunge again .
i guess i have a good reason now to wear gloves at the construction site .
i sent the trion 150 back because it failed in 2 hours .
not trusting a replacement so i took credit and ordered another cs1311 120gb .
i have over 600 hours logged in champions online according to steam .
my issue is that in order to play any of my characters i have to either pay or convert them to worse versions .
the payment model is horrible and the game is shallow and nowhere near as good as coh .
everything seems designed to extract money from your wallet .
nice that you 're enjoying it but you really do n't need to reply to everyone with the same answer we get that you are playing co good for you some of us have higher standards .
sometimes you just got ta learn how to talk with your character .
i knife players lead them and shoot at sometimes i need help with .
it 's very easy only map you need mic for is soe and maybe zns
having a cannula flushed with saline solution feels incredible to me .
and os x has much better latency and instrument support vst and otherwise than windows too .
a basic macbook runs rings around my gt72 when it comes audio software latency and stability .
seriously i love windows and i practically use only android when it comes to mobile devices or devices which use mobile arm based socs but even i know that nothing compared to audiounits .
i think it is because i have never gotten past the hello games splash screen but thanks for the info .
i will keep that in mind if the game ever launches .
to be honest i will probably be getting a new cpu soon so hopefully the game will launch .
looking forward to trying all these gameplay stabilization fixes ... .
you look like an uglier soflo antonio with worse hygiene and lower self confidence .
how likley is it that the parasol characters will be available once again ?
actually if i were to do it for real the animals would be like the animals in zoo the book/tv show aggressive hateful but otherwise just animals .
this would serve both to stay away from the zombie theme and to explain away why a zombie dog would be fast !
and get media coverage for it right off the bat .
he says we his mom inclueded are all on a team '' and ca n't have any conflicts with one another .
noooooo you and him are the team his mother is not on that team .
people just do n't understand how to use the canons .
when that little triangle pops up you do n't have to lead your shots manually it auto targets and is just showing you that it is leading the target .
all you got ta do is keep the cursor on the target and hold fire just like with the beam and it will lead them automatically .
beam is still technically more accurate because it has no travel time but my canon takes ships out in like 10 hits anyway and also can be used to mine asteroids so i do n't even use the laser .
this is a subreddit for people trying to use all of the information they have in order to describe something they ca n't quite place .
the joke about this picture is that the dudes all do look similar .
they have the same haircut similar complexions dress similarly and other than the second guy all posed the same way with the same expression .
there are no racist implications in this post but if you want to be upset about nothing on behalf of someone else r/socialjustice is that way
everyone says it because it 's a quick and easy insult .
all i 'm doing is letting you guys know that 's not true .
so go find someone saying that and tell them if you have a problem instead of making excuses for his dangerous proselytizing about a link between vaccines and autism which is what the original poster and i are talking about here .
not that he does n't deserve the 'insult ' of being linked to the anti-vaxxers he 's pandering to .
stop trying to make trump say bad things by telling people what you wanted him to really say .
i 've only posted exact quotes verbatim have n't even paraphrased him .
should i also post some more where he tells outright lies about babies being pumped with 10 and 20 shots at one time '' and uses ridiculous bizarre hyperbole about it looking like something meant for a horse ?
they had a conversation about vaccines and he voiced his opinion on it .
well no more like he 's been parrotting the same lines for years and outright rejects the medical advice put to him in response .
i guess that 's a conversation of some kind not a very productive or responsible one .
wish they had that mindset when they were busy colonizing the world for centuries .
true but the visual of the pin was important .
not as big as a singles win but still highly important .
imagine a world where will and dan werent robbed in their second seasons ...
i had a similar rev issue right before my car had a hard time staying started and randomly died .
not saying this is your case so do n't panic .
but it took some researching and wound up cleaning my egr valve .
but my out back has 225k on it so it 's to be expected i guess .
just an fyi it looks like you do n't support nexus 9 currently .
would be nice to play on a bigger screen is possible .
it 's been years since i published on the play store but i think there was a file you could update with what devices your app supported !
the standard play that i do see people at my elo doing is tower+drake bot rotates top top goes bot .
i just breached 7m/2k at 101kgs is it easier for me i 'm 5'11 '' of that makes a difference
at this point europe should start to be your bitch man d
i would go for a bit of sparkle because your dress is n't blingy .
i love this blue set and you need something blue right ?
as for a shawl have you considered a bolero ?
his entire flashback past scene thing was about how the rest of his gang could n't advance but he was still able to grow in power so they let him eat them to reach that next level .
it was never stated that he reached vasto lorde but given the power difference and given the nature of his flashback i think it 's highly likely that he was meant to be a vasto lorde .
hon i say this because i love you and do n't want you getting hurt .
1 facebook is one of the last places anyone takes anything seriously .
you 're coming out will be no more important than roman becoming began or tina 's thousand photos and posts about how much she and her bf looooove each other and want everyone to know .
2 cyberbullying happens way more easily when everybody has a link to it .
you will get death threats suicidal suggestions and then the comments that will really hurt that conservative religious part of your family that suggest cures '' letting jesus into your heart '' threats of hell or scripture text telling you that you are not worth god 's love .
3 people who do n't particularly care for you will make you suffer in real life and people who you thought loved you will leave you .
people need to be told these things one on one in person so they are you as a person first and foremost .
if they ca n't accept you then they are assholes of the highest caliber and do not deserve your time and effort .
online all people see is text and a thumbnail ... they wo n't see a human being .
so please for your sake ... face-to-face is best .
with only two episodes left whatever payoff we get will feel cheap and rushed .
it took them this long to take a closer look at andrea 's step-father ?
they never once stopped and wondered how she could afford to live in her apartment ?
but we get a third of the screen time devoted to stone 's feet .
it 's kinda funny but this show has not been nearly as good as it should be .
not only that but how many times you get a balance update/new hero ?
the first few games after an update like that are not the best measurement .
people need to adjust a few games after a big update .
i just wish i could find a girl that would paint my face with her meat-flaps the way sal painted richard 's face with his pecker
i remember seeing this in game shops and thinking it looked awesome but never picking it up .
it looked to have a bit of a 'destroy all humans ' sort of vibe .
i started around mid cata but because of friends having me switch realms and me trying to take in the world it took until a month before soo came out for me to reach level cap .
i feel even though my journey started during cata my legacy started with mop if that makes sense haha .
hit x button and inspect item scroll to bottom it will be highlighted
mystic tail is going the wrong direction if im looking at it right
i thought this was one of the most overrated books i 've ever read .
other than the futuristic korean corporate society which was awesome i thought the rest of the stories were fairly boring .
i was expecting a lot more from the ending due to the structure of the book but i found it really disappointing .
it was by no means awful but it was thoroughly average .
ghostwritten is far better if anybody 's interested in reading more mitchell .
some support here in greece from local animal friends .
oh man what kinds of animals are you friends with ?
i 've heard that the formula was pretty dry and cracky but i wore it for 8 hours in the south florida sun today and it did n't budge !
play healer whenever the team needs loving d.va as a tank role and like for the team to adhere to the 2-2-2 rule .
i could see myself with a sporty 250 and a big adventure bike .
yes please either way you 're hot but if you do shave that means you have to take a pic to show us
there 's a really good chance to see a new vegas '' for fallout 4 first too .
i 'd be a bit surprised if we did n't see something like that actually .
i have found that often people like the idea of us but find some aspects of the infj personality overwhelming .
it 's been a long hard journey for me too trying to understand why and i still have n't quite figured it out but the main advice i can give is to establish yourself as a person who is needed for them to be able to call you or ask for help any time and also to establish yourself as someone who is desirable showing that you have other interests and are n't doting but are still there for them whenever .
once we do that which is pretty natural for us as long as we focus on it the rest will come pretty naturally .
few dota 2 pros stream because they are usually practicing or scrimming nearly everyday whereas league players are probably under contract from their organization to stream a certain amount of time a week .
not to mention there are plenty tournaments and online leagues that the players are competing in or having to travel to throughout the year .
if you think that twitch viewership is a good indicator of whether a game is doing well or not then wow must be pretty dead because i rarely see that on twitch anymore .
gon na go ahead and preemptively call bingo on this one .
hmm ... based on how retarded your version of the events is you should get the death penalty in texas too .
it 's unaustralian of me but i just ca n't do it .
i do love me some wine though so i have that going for me
we were all fairly new and i tried to intimidate some grunt for info by flaring up a torch with a spell .
well i rolled a one lit the building on fire and over the course of a few turns the fire killed 2 party members .
the fourth was outside with a broken leg because he was stupid and no one healed him .
i dont see the point of sheltering your child from this immature type humor .
he will likely find other ways to view it and you accomplished nothing but make something harmless seem taboo .
that 's a name i have n't heard in a long time
i had to start checking my meds before i left the store because my insurance would switch money without telling me despite always having dispense as written on my prescription orders .
if it 's an issue i 'd recommend having your doctors if they do n't already write your prescriptions that way explain why .
it could be that your insurance changed it just because and the pharmacy did n't think to tell you because it was an insurance thing ?
it sound like it could very well be a poor worker thing too though i 'm sorry that 's never any fun to deal with .
personally i 'd find a new pharmacy l i had to switch because previous pharmacies never had my full orders ... despite knowing i 'd be there getting the exact same prescription .
and it 's not like i can drive down three days later to pick up the rest of my meds
pain in the ass when he was in la and did n't he just get better in philly ?
i ca n't remember the exact words but the scene was where albedo was boning a body pillow of the skeleton and the writer was very specific in what was going on between the pillow and albedo
and those that keep mentioning him are making it worse because it gives him the attention he wants .
that 's a huge question and there are lots of things on the sidebar that would help a lot .
there are some highly rated posts that go into what to do when you hit 70 as there is a lot to choose from .
i 'm not calling you a racist but that 's something a racist person would say .
like i 'm not calling you racist or anything that 'd be rediculous .
subaru forester 2.5i touring or whatever the 2nd trim up from the base is with the 6-speed manual .
almost 9 inches of clearance and well within budget .
the wrx is n't half bad for clearance either considering what it is .
i do n't know how you guys feel about this could be wrong .
when my wife is giving me the silent treatment i playfully slap her ass and laugh at her .
the silent game always seems fucking childish to me .
i have no need to play this i can avoid talking longer than you '' frame .
seems like you are leaving confident frame and jumping into her drama frame .
i 'm not going to let her drama determine how i feel .
if she wants to be silent i will mock her with tickles and ass slaps as i go on about my beautiful life full of purpose and accomplishment .
fuck her unstable emotions i 'm the oak by sea baby and my life is awesome .
now let superman get back to solving the world 's problems .
i was the same way but i got over it .
try ice coffee light and sweet thats the combo for me at least as your gateway .
i dont often drink hot coffee but i find i can drink it now without much problem .
kitna buerlein freeman and brad johnson were not expected by me .
the only thing it does better than any other truck in that regard is defend the passengers from gunfire .
you can start calling it an attack vehicle when the police use them with 50cals mounted and loaded .
whenever i am a phantom in someone 's game i make an effort to drink all i have left before being sent back .
i 'm really not sure mansplain '' works in this context .
plenty of men are perfectly capable of knowing what harassment is just as plenty of women might not be .
he just has a colossal lack of self awareness and an ego that is as massive as it is fragile .
if viper is in range to autoattack you no way you 'll survive to make healbombs .
plus you 'll have to skill repel to come anywhere close which means a 1-1-1 progression weaker purify .
i dont know if you have noticed but space is dark bleak and mostly various shades of grey .
i could be wrong but gordan hayward is significantly better than harrison barnes .
doing her a favor by taking them so she does n't have to see me .
i also had steam setup to have the cloud backup why wouldnt that work ?
in addition to the other good suggestions itt check out rev-arms and ar performance barrels and hiperfire triggers .
budget triggers do n't get better than the edt at 85 .
watch my shitty comment asking for gold get downvoted to hell .
i did look into this machine for you suggested it and it 's a very attractive macbook air lookalike but the reviews are a bit troubling .
sleep issues i can overlook but battery issues and trackpad issues make me cautious to purchase it as well as being a pinch out of my ideal budget .
plus with the ultra thin frame how will it manage heat dissipation ?
i do like the idea of the detachable t300 chi but the lack of full blown usb ports and potential heat issues are a considerable handicap although the price is good around 400 with m5 4gb 128ssd .
go to the fucking psychiatrist and get a counselor but stay the hell away from the school 's counseling center because they will make you feel even worse .
also get your lazy ass up and go to the gym more than once a month ...
that 's actually a really good point and for anyone that does make that mistake when english is n't their primary language fair enough .
however if you make that mistake when english is your primary language shame on you .
as he gained his bearings he got confused in his own answer .
you might want to consider getting something to cover your eyes ... ''
i mean that 's why pep bought him for half 100 million ...
hence a young potential world class ball playin cb is a good idea .
i actually normally win when its not against this .
his defense team had an juno lead too yet i still won that round lol .
it 's only my defense team that sucks when enemies can revive lmao
i like having as many buildings that have actions out as possible currently all of them and i like things nice and organized on something vaguely resembling a grid .
my one major 'waste of space ' bit of decorating is the path up to the bifrost .
though even with that i am itching for the gamma zone to open as i had to put away my cars to fit the new buildings .
this is mine right now http imgur.com/a/mwkbm as soon as the gamma zone opens the new asgardian gauntlet and the arena of war will be moved down below the bifrost to keep all the mythology themed stuff together and i will put my cars back where the gauntlet is right now and put my cells back with the shield stuff .
i 'm fine with this terraria itself is too good to look forward to anything else .
it 's also nice to not fragment the community for no reason .
and i still hope terraria 2 is either isometric or does n't get released for that same reason .
but i believe the numbers used were from a german site where i believe the 1060 is cheaper than the 480 in which case its obvious which one to buy
yeah had that happen on a flight to tokyo .
i told the mum to pull her little spawns head in or i would do it .
they told me i would have to buy it out right if i wanted a signal booster since i am also on a prepaid account .
i just decided to stick with wifi calling seeing as those things can cost up to 200 .
hugs and best wishes to you and your husband .
i hope that soon you 'll be wishing you felt a little less pregnant .
would 've happened in 2012 if not for gop gerrymandering http www.nytimes.com/2013/02/03/opinion/sunday/the-great-gerrymander-of-2012.html ? pagewanted=all r=2 .
democrats received 1.4 million more votes for the house of representatives yet republicans won control of the house by a 234 to 201 margin .
this is only the second such reversal since world war ii .
climbing into the face of that clown was always fun .
good advice above ... ..also sure you are in a comfortable place where you can speak well with no distractions or interruptions .
the 2012 wcf the out-of-nowhere phoenix coyotes losing to the out-of-nowhere eventual cup champion los angeles kings .
i 've always looked at this series like this imagine if cinderella had gone to the ball after her years of torment only to find another cinderella already dancing with the prince .
and after the ball she returns to her miserable existence being forced to hear the story of cinderella 2 's happily ever after over and over again .
and every time cinderella hears anything regarding cinderella 2 she is reminded once again how close she got to pulling herself out of the basement only to fail to someone else in the exact same nothing-left-but-hope situation .
cinderella knows that she should be happy for cinderella 2 but she can never be happy for cinderella 2 because 2 's happiness directly came at the expense of her own .
the people still have n't shut up about it and they probably never will .
one day the arizona coyotes will win the cup .
i feel like this episode is the one that has best captured the manga so far .
if she was chained from the ceiling then it would taking the fetish to a whole other level
holy shit is 'terror ' really the correct spelling of it ?
i 've been spelling it as 'terer ' this whole time also noticed that its a market slang and not a real word from kamus dewan or is it ?
your deficit should not be so delicate that a squeeze of a lemon matters
that lad committed suicide because of bjork he painted his nipples and dressed like her and shot his head iirc
i do n't think i need to remind you about a certain olympian runner who has been getting outrageous media coverage lately .
and yes rules were recently put into place to allow transgender athletes to compete in the olympics .
literally the best thing i could wake up to today .
been waiting for someone to do something like this for a while .
the real answer is that glock 's marketing department convinced us all years ago that carrying a pistol that 's basically single-action without a safety is safe as long as the trigger pull is slightly shittier than a regular single-action trigger .
i 'm not saying it is n't safe but if you do n't think it 's easier to pull a 6-ish pound striker trigger on accident than a da trigger i 've got a bridge to sell you .
it seems like even they did n't know they were going to delay until a couple of days ago .
add me and i 'll add you so we can trade
in beach city drift it was steven who was more visibly angry at kevin .
connie does have anxiety alone together states this with dancing in front of people but steven seems to be taking it personally .
is this connected to the real no mans sky server or a cracked one .
6 in two weeks is like what.. 624 apy not adjusted for whatever compounding factor they use .
kind of absurd but on that scale makes sense .
but its that type of thing that traps people .
a credit card is zero interest for that sort of thing .
i have a 1,000 line of credit attached to my checking account on the chance it dips under zero .
that 's a couple cents for a month tops .
sometimes i literally leave it below zero because i do n't feel like transferring money from my savings to cover it .
i understand these things are inaccessible for those using the payday loans but thats a huge problem that it cost you 6 for a 2 week loan and it costs me either nothing or 0.01 .
i kept seeing it on my radar and a few occasional dratinis .
i would n't take this as an indication of what the game is now .
the shift to 2d might mean they can add more to story and/or npc junk .
plus it seems to be focusing heavily on replayability with choices affecting character interaction .
as long as it follows the spirit and letter of the constitution i agree !
is n't that better than making up shit to scare people into adopting your political views ?
i believe house of blues has a open mic free for all on tuesdays .
just to add i 'm much more in the metallica generation actually at 27 i run a bit young for them and while i do enjoy the remake think general consensus is it 's good it is garbage compared to original
although 4b4t has the shittiest community in all of minecraft .
i 'd still rather play on it then you 're server .
they only did the free dlc because they were basically forced to .
also support for a game is basically obligatory if they do n't want it to fall flat on its face and die .
i do however like that they did random little quality of life improvements over time and eventually got around to the idea of balance after the game exploded in sales of course but everything else was basically forced out of them .
i 've always enjoyed stealth sections in games when the opportunity presented itself .
there 's just this sense of accomplishment from dodging past numerous guards and completing objectives right under their noses .
shadow raid especially being the first stealth only heist i taught myself to snoop around finding patterns in the guard 's movements attempting to find that asshole with the yellow hat and kill him in the right spot to get the samurai armor or hauling ass in the 2 minutes i have once i get caught by a guard after the fourth pager .
and the stealth only heists are relatively short meaning if the alarm sounds you can easily learn from your mistakes and try again .
and all of the missions with optional stealth are just that optional the only thing forcing you to stealth them are the achievements .
you can storm the fbi safehouse and effortlessly drill into their vault and kill the rat or you can make them look hilariously incompetent by circumventing all their security systems and dodging past the whole house of security agents and murkywater mercs .
with stealth i did n't force myself to enjoy i learned to enjoy it like an acquired taste .
there 's still the odd stealth mission or two that i absolutely fucking hate framing frame because of guard patterns and sightlines go bank because of rng fuckery train heist also because of ridiculous sightlines and patterns .
and sometimes the ai rng is too dickish for me to handle in general but i enjoy the occasional stealth run .
especially since i still have exp to earn and i 'd like that easy 20 stealth bonus from election day to go do a hoxton breakout with .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 .
please check that your post does n't contain the following issues
your post ca n't be specific to your situation or involve a story .
please make sure to depersonalize your question and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true that fits within the rules .
when you 've removed the answer or unnecessary context from the textbox message the mods for review and reapproval http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+under+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/4xumo3/serious_im_wanting_to_start_a_business_in_the_us and ask the moderators to re-approve it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm not disagreeing with your points because they do paint a better picture than i think the average fan has of mularkey .
but i do n't think he 's right the coach for a team like the titans at the stage they are in .
i am a believer that nothing stunts a qbs growth like a coaching change does .
offensive systems take a long time to take root and if you 're changing them every year your qb will stagnate or regress .
i am of the belief that mularkey will be fired after the next season after two so-so seasons at the helm .
so now you will have a new coach and new offensive coordinator coming in for mariota 's 4th year .
the year he should really take a step forward as his comfort level hits a new high .
but he will be right back to square 1 learning new terminology new groupings new formations etc. instead of building on the previous years work .
that is why i do n't like the muluarkey signing because the chance of him being here and growing with mariota for the next decade are slim to none .
not during sex but on a first date i was kissing the guy and he said i ca n't wait to make love to you '' .
if that 's the law where you live then you are within your rights to apply it .
it 's not a law i would like to see here it leaves far too much scope for people to get away with straight up homicide on very questionable grounds but your country whichever it might be has the right to set whatever laws it chooses .
from his 24 minute display against liverpool yesterday it is obvious he has n't quite built up to premier league match fitness yet .
it would be a mistake i feel to start him in games at the moment .
therefore elneny and cazorla get my vote in the midfield .
the 10 urine analogy does n't really work for me .
i usually solo q expecting to get matched with people i dislike .
admittedly i do n't have to deal with that because of my voice but i think in general ranked play is fairly toxic .
when i transferred schools all they told me to do was not enroll in classes and send my transcript to the new school i was accepted into .
all i did was enroll in my new school 's classes and sent my transcript from my old school to my new school .
ask your new school how many of those credits will actually transfer though !
i had 3 credits not transfer because they do n't offer the class .
losing 3 credits is fine but if it was a lot more if look into a different transfer school .
he has decent coverage and i 've become quite fond of it of late .
yeah if they are not an ally then doing something about violations would mean either economic sanctions which exist or military intervention which would be pretty fucking serious
i visited r/android via the subreddit search box whilst having youtube open .
you can see front page posts behind the posts in r/android .
when scrolling up and down the front page remains stationary and the current subreddit scrolls .
thus is the nexus 6p running on the latest android n developer preview .
i bailed on s4p because any post trying to look at the primary rationally as a long shot and not whisper of a dream we 're doing it the only way we wont is if clinton cheats '' got downvoted .
but s4p was very much a vocal minority of sanders supporters a bunch of which were just the_donald posters having fun as well .
if you 're doing large scale contract work at 90k p/a that 's roughly £70k p/a today ... that 's £350p/d working 40 weeks of the year .
however here to work with companies at that rate here you 'd need to operate as a limited company ...
i do n't know how it works out but here contracting is all about dividends paye national insurance almost free healthcare !
and regular income tax ... a good accountant will help you ...
full time '' all that is taken care for you and you take home what you take home ...
the average is about £40k or 52k for a regular developer before tax which about £2.5k p/m take home ... . you may also get pension private healthcare dental good holiday depending on the employer .
remember because you 're a us citizen you 'd still have to pay tax there .
kind of skewed because of barrett splitting time with the snaps last year .
factor in barrett 's performance as a true freshman and then what he did against um 3rd ranked defense overall at the time iirc and then a solid nd team in the bowl and well stats do n't tell everything yet again .
i 'm a pretty impressive person thanks for noticing .
i was n't going to get a little thing like facts get in the way of my ever-expanding gut .
by the time they finish in 2030 i 'm sure it 'll have more than doubled .
houses sell within a few days of being on the market for over asking price ... usually all cash if you are close to a city .
most girls i 've played with seem pretty chill despite having to deal with this bs .
ed looks like he do n't give a gee whiz about anything .
only way this would work is if they intentionally hold back matches and put a very stringent limit on the number of times someone can swipe right neither of which encourage engagement .
also cynically have a hard time believing that 5 people have already swiped right on me when swiping right on 20 profiles in a row suggests otherwise .
they only need to be par-cooked they should still hold their shape and just be softer .
i think if you roasted them they would be too soft to work with .
when breading i do the egg wash breadcrumbs twice to get a better coating .
so first pass flour/eggwash/breadcrumb rest 5 minutes second pass eggwash/breadcrumb again .
suddenly big boi arms wrap around you in a hug .
you can likely tell the hugger by the power of the hug .
i have the same exact settings as you and it is now 13:00 here and it is showing the midnight '' wallpaper
i never really found family guy to be funny just entertaining
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
that 's fucking majestic i hope i can find a planet like that !
i started used an oil cleanser from asian beauty so sorry to intrude !
and it has been amazing for getting out the dark blackhead crud on my nose .
i notice it start to gunk up again when i 'm lazy and do n't oil cleanse so once i do i feel so much better .
who 's to say you did n't change and become the person who would be their soulmate ?
yes but less honorable players do n't necessarily tell you that .
when i gother back in the game earlier this year my first game the opponent pulled out the book said it had the updated flyer rules and then used his valkyrie to dick with my reserve rolls .
afterwards i thought that seemed pretty unfair and then went and looked it up .
you 're entitled to your opinion but do n't take it as fact .
as for me i got the idea from stump which sounds really balanced as an 800 hp card for 2 elixir with unlisted rarity especially when supercell has already ruled out wall cards which is essentially what that card is .
i got a kick out of that i figured people could get a kick out of this .
no need to be all condescending i just like quality ideas .
nah i was trying to cram all the story in before ls3 and i disconnected at the end of 3 different story missions on or shortly after boss fights .
it was an issue before ls3 and it 's also why i 'll never bother going back to do the story again .
the labour intensive jobs are outsourced to poor countries .
like seriously when and how did they come into existence ?
it is what its been doing to me for the last 6 months .
its been straight-up murdering aspects of who i was as a pmo addict and then its roasting those parts ' meat and feeding the meat to newborn and growing nofap pups new ideas and habits that were impossible to have as a pmo addict .
getting murdered everyday really sucks but goddamn do i ever love and appreciate the new things that i 'm able to be as a result of all this self-death
since 1946 the crown colony of north borneo had been under the administration of edward francis twining https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/edward_twining the lord twining kcmg mbe meta yes this is the teamaker https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/twinings .
today we have learnt of his appointment as the governor of tanganyika https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tanganyika territory former german east africa .
major-general sir herbert ralph hone https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ralph_hone kbe mc has been appointed the new governor and commander-in-chief of north borneo .
he will be inheriting the unenviable task of rebuilding north borneo whatever infrastructure it had was almost completely destroyed during the war .
fortunately the crown colony administration in london designed a new developmental plan to be implemented in north borneo known as the reconstruction and development
plan for north borneo 1948-1955 http web.archive.org/web/20130224033930/http www.sosiohumanika-jpssk.com/sh_files/file/ismai.umsl.pdf which provided for £6,051,939 to finance the reconstruction works £ 2,232,882 and new projects £ 3,819,057 in north borneo .
a few days ago i decided to try downloading the w10 anniversary update .
the update took a while but it was smooth .
my rift setup however was completely borked by it .
it seems like it was successful but perhaps it did n't fully roll everything back ?
currently listed as version 1511 and os build 10586 .
i ask this because i 'm having a different issue than others launching vr minecraft right now .
while i had the anniversary update installed i also installed minecraft beta 10 for the first time i 've had the java version for years .
when i rolled the anniv update back though it did not launch again .
today i saw minecraft in the home store and it was listed as free so i installed it .
downloaded the first 15mb setup from the store then 'finished ' the install by confirming on the pc .
then i went back to home and launched minecraft i got to the in game start screen immersed in vr which got me very excited .
however at that point it apparently needed to finish installing other things but it simply sat at '0 installed ' for several minutes and did n't change .
been noticing strange fps drops that do n't go away unless i relaunch the game and join a different server .
sometimes some servers run just fine other times its like 5 fps .
just curious and if there is any solution that 'd be great
i 'd like to know what to do with the indian phone number postpaid that i 'm running on currently .
bank otps are sent on this number my aadhar is linked to this number and possibly some more accounts where they send various passcodes on this number .
should i continue to maintain my indian number but on prepaid ?
i would be getting a number when i move out..
i used to hate hunting deviljho but with adept style i 'm dodging his attacks and countering him and smiling doing so .
in the past titles i disliked how evasion invulnerability was short .
there were attacks i knew i could have dodged but did n't have evasion+2 .
i did n't like being limited to armor skills to dodge .
i hope adept style is here to stay in the series along with the others even if they need to be tweaked .
so started this class figured it 's free so why not ?
the aim of the first lecture '' only about a minute long is to not read screenwriting books .
and i get it they can be a huge time-waster especially when writing your first script which i 'm not doing but still ! ! ! !
this guy seems to be implying that it 's pretty much never a good idea to pursue learning about the craft anyway besides through trial and error .
i just find this kinda troubling because i have pretty much uncovered little gems of wisdom in pretty much anything i 've ever read on the subject of writing .
i do n't know just seems like a massive generalization and kinda like a red flag as well .
methodology a character for each faction on each server was logged in between 8:30pm and 10:15pm eastern time monday august 15 2016 and searched for each advanced class juggernaut gunslinger etc .
if the query returned over 100 results i would attempt to parse the query into multiple searches i.e .
in some cases maximum level advanced classes exceeded 100 and i know of no way to further separate these in any efficient method .
in this case only 100 was added to the total sum .
it is noted which classes exceeded the limit affected values by this are denoted with a plus sign for both the faction specific totals and server totals .
over 100 level 65 guardians marauders juggernauts sorcerers and assassins
over 100 level 65 guardians sages juggernauts sorcerers and mercenaries
addendum total players 13,891 and i subtract my character for each faction that was summed
2nd addendum at this time harbinger and ebon hawk appear on swtor 's server status page http www.swtor.com/server-status as standard '' so the threshold for standard is between 2458-2905
could dawn ser arthur dayne 's sword be the legendary sword lightbringer and if either dany or jon is azor ahai would they use it to defeat the others ?
got ta be between rose sabonis oden and bias .
he was insane league would be so different if he was still mvp rose .
sure it is n't a huge amount per game but say you play 100 games that is 3000xp lost which is about 1.5 games or so you could 've gotten back .
i do n't really care about the exp of course but i 'm just wondering why the scoring system is this way .
it would make more sense to have the medal xp rewards be capped at some point while giving more rewards to those that gain more medals .
for instance let gold be 90 silver be 60 bronze be 30 but have the cap of exp be 150 .
so long story short i payed my final two healthcare bills before i went to the ward office in miyamae kawaksaki .
they did n't have any record of it so they gave me two invoices which i also paid .
i went back today and had no real idea what they were saying to me .
the clerk may have been saying they 'll send me a letter to fill out bank info to refund me the redundant payment but i have no clue .
hi i was wondering if it would be possible to make a device using a raspberry pi that would basically be a transceiver for music .
what i would like it to do is plug in the raspberry pi into the audio cord of some speakers and then have a smart phone both android and apple connect to the pi over wifi/bluetooth
do you know of anyone that has done something like this before ?
its the last pokemon i need to fill my hoenn dex
i 'm using adobe audition and used the dynamic processing effect .
it 's supposed to be a compressor and a limiter in one .
i personally like the sound of it but wanted to get opinions .
here 's a screenshot http imgur.com/nfdccyd of my settings as a reference .
i 'm recording on an akg c214 with a pop filter and a focusrite itrack solo for a pre-amp .
i know there 's no real right way to do anything but would these settings work for commercial or character vo ?
well lads i 'm a full-fledged state clerk now .
first off i 'd like to thank the holy trinity er clerk triumvirate for appointing me .
i 'd also like to thank u/bigg-boss and u/natelooney for being my clerk mentors .
now since i 'm a lazy bastard i need someone to do all the work while i just abuse the assembly .
i 'd like you all to give a round of applause to my new deputy clerk ...
she 'll be a great deputy and perhaps successor once someone shoots the sheriff .
let 's just hope that someone does n't shoot the deputy as well .
i 'd also like to say that i 'm glad to keep the pattern of a largely libertarian and civic clerkship alive and well .
so i understand the basics of the zerk build basically max all your skills except for gore cross cause of poor scaling and leave your utility skills like holds and such at 1 .
so i understand the skill build what i 'm looking for help with is what i should be doing towards gearing myself towards end game .
i 've heard that the 9pc blood reaper chron set is a good set to get for blood sword but i have no clue about other things .
and what epics should i aim for if i decide to put myself through the torture of it ?
i saw an equipment guide on dfo nexus but i ca n't really find any info on anything else .
i do n't think the mattress showroom experience is awkward at all .
i mean everyone is there for the same reason mattresses .
everyone knows what a mattress is for to lie on .
i support all earwolf sponsors new businesses and alternative business models but i do wish people would n't perpetuate what is in my opinion an unfair stigma surrounding mattress shopping .
we are so excited to be travelling from england in a few weeks and spending two weeks in the happiest place on earth .
my little brothers 6 9 have no idea we 're even going !
so i wondered if anyone could help with a few simple queries .
i have seen videos of children involved in a jedi training group/club .
it seems very interactive and they get to learn how to use the force and fight darth vader is that a real thing or just an advertisement ?
if it is real how do i book it ?
i have done a lot of research and it looks amazing but we are unlikely to be able to dress up and i do n't know if that will take some of the shine of the experience is everyone dressed up ?
lastly is labour day likely to have a huge impact on the parks ?
not having this holiday in the uk i 'm struggling to judge if it will be very busy or overwhelming .
i have previously visitors in late june when it was very busy and have been told september is much quieter .
i know there 's a separate buy/sell subreddit but that thing is basically dead so not going to bother .
as the title suggests if you happen to have the said items and do n't plan to use them i 'm willing to buy .
interested in any knives feel free to offer at a reasonable price
r need help obtaining a sableye w the move feint ... if anyone could help that would be awesome ! !
casual i need a cresselia to complete my living dex and i can not get the stupid island to appear .
i got the code from a gamestop near my house
personally it was my dream job to be in a band .
i suppose it can be a lot of fun .
you get a lot of adulation respect and preferential treatment at times .
also touring can become stressful as you dont get to see those close to you that often .
mainly looking for eevee ditto and ninetales but will add anyone
can someone help me figure out the name of this girl ?
i found some vids of her masturbating on an old post but i wanted to know if anyone has any videos or a name for her .
we have n't heard it in sos so we may see it within the next few episodes do you think it 'll appear within the next few episodes or episodes that have n't been announced yet ?
so today i met with my pcp about concerns i had regarding possible infertility .
this was my initial post about it https www.reddit.com/r/infertility/comments/4xoff5/meeting_w_dr_about_infertility_tomorrow .
it went about as well as i expected ... she acknowledged my concerns were valid but basically said we ca n't do anything about it until you try to conceive . ''
it seemed like she was caught off-guard by how much i had pieced together my sexual history likelihood of getting pregnant in past and present as well the side effects of my medication and concern about my irregular period .
so she glossed over how infertility is normally assessed blood tests the ultrasounds etc but then said but we would n't do that with you . ''
she was extremely careful how she phrased things mentioned how we can regulate the period with pills to which i ended up saying so basically if i do n't want to get pregnant until i 'm 35 we wo n't know ''
she seemed in defeat at that point and said yes ... .but .
you can try opks ... because it 's very likely you 're rarely ovulating if at all . ''
it was almost as if she did n't want to say that .
the rest of her responses seemed scripted and textbook .
this clinic is part of a monster of a group of clinics and i think is partially publicly supported .
this does n't mean i have any less of a right to know .
it just means they have limited resources and might pull this kind of gatekeeper stuff for that reason .
i did pick up on opk today on the way home .
that does n't change my concern and i 'll likely be calling a few other hospitals tomorrow ... one in particular i was referred to earlier this for high-risk birth control options considering my other medications and they were excellent though i opted not to choose an option .
at the least i would have expected some concern about why my periods are so irregular do i have some other health issue ? ? ?
just came across this subreddit and thought it seemed awesome look forward to learning more about it .
with me starting another playthrough in fallout 4 it started to make me think about future fallout characters .
to start off i think they need to make the beginning of the next fallout much more enjoyable and different because fallout 4 's is really boring .
i believe it would be best to make the next character have a choice to be a ghoul or a normal person .
they should do this by having a choice in the beginning like as if you were to accept the vault-tec rep 's offer or not because it could make things a lot different .
like the way people would react to you when they first see you and how they would make a decision to kill you or not .
it could also change how much affected you are by radiation .
i jsut think this could change how people play the game and give it more variety .
do n't need to look good since i 'll just be running in them but i thought if ultraboosts are good for running i 'd be killing two birds with one stone .
edit should 've have mentioned i 'm a sprinter not an endurance runner if they changes anything .
i 'm not talking about serious drugs i 'm just looking for heartworm medicine for two healthy dogs that do n't need 80 check ups .
i found this one site that seems kinda swanky .
researched on it and the complaints are stuff like i received medication but this is not my order .
waiting for customer service to call me back . ''
other reviews seem positive but they could be fake .
i have to cancel the charge on my credit card ?
other than that why might this be a bad idea ?
do you really need a once a year check up when your dog is perfectly fine ?
1060 would be 280 dollars and the 980 is 265 dollars .
the 980 would be a reference card and the 1060 would be non reference .
what do you spend pokedollars on as a new player ?
what are the names of all the recently finished dubbed anime-so i guess that would be 2015 ?
i see the first season of hunter x hunter id appreciated to know the tiles that are finished or almost finished .
has anyone seen a planet at all like endor the forest moon ?
i just have n't seen any really large trees .
i also have n't seen an entirely sand world .
seems like it 'd be a helluvan effort you 'd need to index all reddit posts but it would help root out a lot of spammers
'' when any thought comes up negative or positive i like to tell myself i love that thought .
not a love as in i want more of those types of thoughts but a love as a form of acceptance . ''
just thought i would share it here so more people could enjoy it .
shiny encountered this little guy while ev horde training on route 104 the other day looking for someone to give him a suitable home .
not looking for anything specific but i 'm interested in rarer johto/unova pokemon for my dex but i could be tempted with others idk who knows .
hey guys just thought i 'd toss in my two cents of what i 'm seeing in the nuka world trailer since i 'm not seeing any threads on it yet .
this is pretty much just what i see but here goes nothing .
first simple stuff nuka cola protectron armor https gyazo.com/b6988ec2424f1da3440dfe099d2cd0bd could be a thing at 10 seconds
nukalurks http fallout.neoseeker.com/wiki/nukalurk from fo3 return seen at 28 seconds https gyazo.com/5c15fbb7e4650e9221b5919dbbee19a8
new raider armor potentially faction armor https gyazo.com/5b5441d80eb79c92fb5ff88ea36ef3c5 at 30 seconds
from 31-36 seconds we see at least 4 games whack a mole skee ball hoop shots and a target range .
37 seconds nuka power https gyazo.com/84742108f89b668ae45dd0cda7b0b78a armor to rival the vim !
set possible a quantum set will be there too to make a 2:2 ratio .
at 38 seconds we see an idle mr.handy https gyazo.com/931512e9b5cb563586605f22ec231221 possibly a repair the rides '' quest ?
48 seconds and a few before it we see new ghouls https gyazo.com/da705c3c8f78da63e6b9e0494ec97e85 the achievements about mixing cola flavors makes me think of a pink slime-esque mutation to ghouls here that have different types and effects .
new loincloth armor https gyazo.com/55fe54978b80b3570995686bf3f25a6b at 50 seconds time for cave man builds !
52 seconds has the giant aligator enemy but do n't miss the nuka lunchboxes https gyazo.com/f404188159b827dfc7aa43372c31c76e either
also at 52 seconds is the brahmin enemy but do n't miss the super-bat https gyazo.com/d7cb64e594919c3ab4bbdf010a3a263f the top is n't a sledgehammer in any case .
59 seconds shows a saloon with cutouts https gyazo.com/e96cc3f45aadcbb024142de236703351 but notice the protectron in the wee back bet he 's a vendor .
1 minute mark shows a new gun perhaps a nuka pistol https gyazo.com/1febba0143e5b8eee1962354af50d033 and the new nope screw that thing '' enemy of the game
1:04 has more armor https gyazo.com/9eb581d9cb277bf10dfd978ffbc965c3 i believe the slide before this has a green overshirt style piece too .
there also seems to be an icon on some cloth behind these guys which might be the faction flag .
1:05 more armor but also slave collars woop woop https gyazo.com/fe5161edefe586c55e013bd2853f257c
1:06 who 's power armor is that https gyazo.com/67df6227dd3cc8447f226ebc572b7d32 pick that up !
1:07 small glimpse of someone in a green shirt nuka world shirts seen from the mannequin possibly is clothing ?
1:11 1:12 things i noticed bandit roundup possible minigames in our settlements .
1:15 an assault rifle https gyazo.com/aa1cbb6a0dd3b24c0e7bebd539773918 but also painted raiders and the like it 's possible we might have a much more personalized faction now .
might even have the ability to decorate guns as the npc to the left does n't seem to have the same decals on his gun .
1:16 a raider signal flag https gyazo.com/cf8c82a0b4af2d5964059f3dbc987e13 we might see faction wars popping up more often now .
1:19 alien anamatronics https gyazo.com/3f5c902af9dd49ff6a148d474e6785db look at their waists .
1:20 raider armor hooked to bumper car wires https gyazo.com/590814dd48b06bc0f04fa30dcdb53974 with a crowd i 'm gon na say this is possibly a boss fight ?
1:28 final shot https gyazo.com/91b0eb3a27308343fc8de8c2bb5af410 i missed a slave collared dude on the left but hey i dunno what 's better the nuka bottle protectron the astronaut suit or that sweet red sports jacket .
not gon na try to read into too much else here just thought i 'd bring out the noticeable and maybe not so noticeable stuff here .
very experienced player who is sick of lfg and is looking to join a clan .
i 've recently started to get cauliflower on my right ear .
not going to lie i feel like a badass .
should i drain it or should i leave it ?
is it something i will regret in the future if i leave it ?
as you descend to earth in your parachute you see your plane crash about a mile away .
you find that the only thing on your body are 3 things .
a m1911 colt firearm with 2 mags first aid and your film containing key elements of the impending invasion of fortress europe .
posting it here if anyone is interested especially for those with a dedicated clientele and want to make a smooth transition into next year .
most of the exclusions seem pretty standard and there are alternatives to excluded drugs here for most everything .
express scripts http www.pembrokeconsulting.com/pdfs/express_scripts_preferred_drug_list_exclusions2017.pdf pdf warning has 85 drugs here .
cvs caremark https assets.documentcloud.org/documents/3011316/2017-formulary-drug-removals.pdf pdf warning has 130 drugs .
http www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2016/08/15/489790412/will-your-prescription-meds-be-covered-next-year-better-check not much for news but for those of us working this might help .
i own the smok stick one plus and can not put it down ! ! ! !
what are some parts that i can get to upgrade it ?
i do n't really know if/what is compatable for it .
is it still a watch if it 's planned ... to be executed in 10-15 years ?
all my time is spent trying to recapture those happy moments in the past .
i just do n't feel that happiness anymore even going through the same motions .
my family is poor and i 'm the only one making money so it 's financially irresponsible to die right now ...
i thought about life insurance but they usually have clauses ... but i finally realized that even if i commit suicide my family can still inherit my 401k .
it 'll take a few more years but it might just be the kickstart they need .
anyways why does it always have to be about the sadness people left behind feel ?
why ca n't people just understand that some people do n't want this world ?
this is terrible and i know i 've got nothing to go off of but i figured i 'd give it a try .
i 'm remembering a regular gone wild poster in the past year who had black curly hair usually posted from a bathroom and had big tits that were kinda pointy and went off to the side .
she was very very thin and appeared kinda jewish .
she also used to post a lot of tit drop gifs .
that 's all i 've got but if by miracle someone knows what i 'm talking about i 'm in your debt .
my dad died from liver cancer two years ago .
my mother died from the same thing three weeks ago .
i 've done genetic testing and i 'm not prone to it .
my mom makes me and my two older brothers goto bed at 10:30 on weekdays and 11:30 on weekends .
at my dads he just trusts us and we do whatever we want .
this applies to me 15 my 17 year old brother and my other brother who is 18 .
we get in big trouble if caught even 5-10 mins too late .
also fyi i just stay up at my moms on my phone/tablet sometimes always so it does not really matter .
posting from throwaway account so my age is n't tied to my main account .
the other day i wanted to fly underneath a rock formation .
it was basically a hole in the rocks creating kind of a bridge quite close to the ground .
but for the love of god nms would n't allow me to dive underneath it .
you could have your life ruined by bad circumstances that has nothing to do with your choices .
why are n't people afraid of going out more ?
but there is seemingly no movement from blizzard to do anything about the game experience which is being ruined by fantastic genjis in the majority of my games .
and yes i 've heard all the standard phrases that we all love so much here on reddit even some very solid comps are not capable of handling a very good genji especially a nano boosted one ulting with a zarya barrier .
we ca n't suddenly pull a winston out of our arse .
genji single-handedly decides who wins in at least 80 of my matches now .
was trying to hop of a more populated instance to hopefully get the invasion done quicker since most of the people in mine were afk and it took us a long time to even get 50 in stage 1 .
well saw a group posted for an invasion with a decent amount of people posted 20 seconds ago .
figured it would be safe to join since it 's a new group and people would hop to it if they were in the same situation as me .
nope joined to see the final boss at 3 .
i 'm trying to at least get some exp to level my toon to 100 and get the boxes both big and small for shards/gear when i get to 100 .
i got screwed out of pretty much the entire invasion 's worth of exp and the small loot box because someone decided to put a group like that up with no description .
so please people for those of us trying to get the boxes/shards and some exp list what stage it is in and do n't list when the last stage boss is almost dead .
not all of us have all day to sit around farming invasions and can just do another '' .
i 'm doing some research to help my parents out with their property .
just a warning i have zero knowledge on leasing agreements and property management so bare with me if this sounds idiotic .
our current tenants for almost a decade have generally been great .
however after having a couple of kids their wear-and-tear on the place has progressively become an issue .
they 've currently gone through 2 sets of washer/dryer damaged the garb-orator caused a leak in the dishwasher flooding the levels below and worn out the carpet .
for all of these cases they 've stuck to the common wear-and-tear explanation/excuse .
time and again my parents have been very lenient a bit too much imo replacing each one stating that they 're 'good tenants ' .
we 've recently installed a few new appliances and new flooring .
i need some advice on how we can prevent future mistreatment/damages to these new installations .
the lease for the next calendar year was signed a few months ago .
is it possible to amend the lease to include this measure ?
so i was allowed to bring both my mods 10 batteries 5 30 ml bottles of juice 2 spools of wire wire snips tweezers in my carry on no questions asked from stl to tampa but my wifes shampoo bottle was too big ... i really dont understand but atleast i got to vape on vacation .
other players are a druid who i 'm fairly certain is neutral good ? and a magus that is chaotic good
i thought i 'd start off with two ready battlers that are viable in the metagame .
hope you all enjoy i 'll make a poll for my next one .
if i ca n't find your pokemon immediatly you 'll have to make a new comment at the top .
ask for your desired pokemon level lock to lv .
set the gts message to '' squill '' without the quotes please .
make a comment with the name of the pokemon you 've deposited it 's level gender your ign and the pokemon you are looking for .
if your pokemon gets sniped you 'll have 15 minutes to redeposit after i post that your pokemon got sniped .
otherwise you 'll have to make a new request at the top .
warning i will skip you or warn you if you do n't follow these rules !
it seems i have trouble staying even 30min in the game without disconnecting .
anyone have any ideas as to what may cause this ?
shinies i have bayleef tyranitar bastiodon 2 golurks dragalge kabutops darmanitan and galade .
the golurks and dragalge are legit from me the others are from wonder trade so possibly hacked .
can someone help me make my brambleback into a wall of brambles ?
i had one before but traded it away and now i am too low to do it in merciless difficulty and have no armor and want one again .
has anyone else noticed more pokemon spawning in an evolved form ?
last week i hardly ever saw an evolved pokemon besides the random kakuna .
now i see an evolved pokemon in the same area about once an hour .
it seems like there 's a higher chance for the evolved poke spawn .
the same pokemon spawn in their base form then about once an hour out of 8 spawn points i 'm seeing an evolved pokemon .
that 's about a 12 chance for poke to spawn evolved once .
maybe there 's another percent chance for one to evolve again to their final form ?
note i live in the suburbs with a small lake just behind my apartment .
most spawn points are water type and one electric/psychic point next door .
wherever i try to update youtube i get a message saying error 501 could not download and i 'm stuck with the oldest version i 've tried uninstalling google play update and google play services but they have n't worked
so a couple of times a year i experience sleep paralysis .
the way it works for me is that ill wake up from a sleep and feel internal shaking .
well tonight i went to bed at around 7pm woke up at 2am .
tried going back to sleep about 4 times but every time i fall into my drowsy about to fall asleep state my body rejects me sleeping and does this sleep paralysis shake for about 5 seconds and catapults me back to being awake .
i 've never experienced this before could this be an early stage of narcolepsy ?
i am a big fan of these kind of medieval stuff but the critics are mixes the purchases are few.. should i buy this game ?
which rebel faction currently has the largest financial means excluding isis including local means taxation donations services ... and outside means foreign backers foreign donations ...
something inside me kept repeatedly asking for not writing this here .
it happened before i decided to ignore it this time .
my mother is someone who 's willing to give up all her 'free time ' to get any task done .
so added to keep everything in order she has to deal with two grown asses .
well the harm comes from our feelings not matching her constant effort to keep everything else moving .
she feels like we do not connect like the other families .
she can be that wonderwoman externally but on the inside she 's kinda looking for the childhood she never had living a significantly great amount of time with her aunt working and taking care of young children very early .
no matter how low is her spirit she keeps working her ass off .
her physical focus has become such a big of a deal that inhibited the ability to process how much damage the mind has taken .
therefore when things goes not as intended that is somewhat unnaceptable when she ca n't fix it the victim mentality is triggered it 's simply not her fault how could it be ?
it 's hard to stand proud in a place where you have no power so comes the need to externalize and redirect energy .
out here she 's that powerful the world is hers to command .
she 's been that tireless warrior for 35 years she can handle the outside pressure .
it 's difficult to reciprocate hard to hear you failed her and even harder that she failed in raising me .
but there 's enough room to that thought come to mind is n't something out of place ?
if i somehow make part of the source then i 'm in condition to change the situation around .
i may had a reset but something i gained that can not be taken from me is mindful endurance .
letting somebody else control the way i feel is a feat i can not allow no matter who you are .
tame the enemy within so the one outside can do you no harm .
the people we most treasure cause us the greatest of sorrow .
i 've lvled really fast a wizard to 70 tonight .
since i barely know the class i 've put every ancient legendary i had from my witch doctor that could fit a wizard .
if i have 7-8 ancient equipped it should boost my damage by 700-80 .
can i see it on the main damage result in the inventory ?
or the 700 is a secret bonus like bonus to a skill ?
after killing a commander zilyana it dropped an armadyl crossbow .
is worth to waste ds in this events right now ?
i swear the underground and underwater elements of the game are so frustrating .
i 've come across some areas that look so damned good but i rarely explore them for the times i have i 've only gotten lost and never found anything .
have any of you guys found anything there other than resources and the occasional angry crab ?
so i have like 220 squirtle candies in the kitty and i have been holding out for a near perfect squirtle so i can get that badboy blastoise .
problem i have is to either wait for perfect one or work with that i 've got .
besides the ones i 've sold to the prof i have these squirtles
what do you reckon shall i evolve the top one second one ... last one ?
can i even find a 100 iv squirtle in the wild ?
top down shooter for the ps1 it 's not loaded or reloaded the cover is red i 'm pretty sure with a guy holding a gun shaved head i believe and i think there 's someone standing back to back to him with the same shaved head ?
the first level i believe is in a city like scenario played it on my windows 95 pc and also played it on my ps1 i 've picked it up in recent years but ca n't remember the name to save my life .
hello silver stackers silver bugs and silver community my name is aka '' silver sensei i 'm a aspiring creator designer of private minted custom .999 fine silver rounds i have my 1st in plata power series of 6 silverskull to be released in less then 60 days if interested please email me agsilverdojobullion gmail.com or subscribe to my youtube chanel agsilverdojo bullion and economics academy or on my facebook page agsilverdojo bullion agsilverdojo also i just created a new silver forum and economic academy looking for members and mods would love to make this a great silver forum and economic academy where once you get enough rep points and post counts and establish yourself in the community u can buy sell and trade silver bullion without the transaction fees of fee-bay !
please come join and sign up agsilverdojoforum.proboards.com check out my social media and youtube chanel to see my 1st silver proof round in series limited mintage proofs 1000 antique 500 mintage and colored 100 mintage with a total mintage of 1600 the rest of series will be simular please check them out i believe you guys will love my designs and series i intend on micro minting in the next comming years starting with the 1st round release in plata power series in less then 60 days each round will come with display box and coa certificate of auth there will be a selection of 2 boxes a standard display box and a premium display box that is nicer for little more money but worth it ! !
thank you guys and my moto at agsilverdojo is silver the element of change prosperity security and only real money '' .
and also if u do n't hold it .. u do n't own it !
anyway guys it is all about the oz count .. keep stacking ! !
been a slow week so i thought i would ask .
i think we will need hartung 's run and carry so he stays .
sicily will probably come back in to provide another marking threat inside 50 so burton for him would be my only change .
hi everyone i need help making my build stable .
almost everything is running flawless just need help with a few things .
dual booting el capitan with windows 10 on separate ssd 's
i need help to properly dual boot with windows when i choose any of the other clover entries it just gives me a blinking line or an old windows logo
is there a way to hide other ntfs or non bootable hard drives in clover ?
trim is disabled as per system report on about this mac ''
sometimes on the apple loading screen the screen will go black like usual before it goes to another quick loading bar and will shortly show the login screen and will come back to the motherboard logo and then to the clover uefi boot screen this can be fixed by nv_disable=1 and rebooting again somehow fixes this .
or sometimes i 'll just let it loop and it will eventually go to the os .
every time it loops this appears after clover http imgur.com/ijdow91 .
shows recovered files '' http imgur.com/uxm42wd folder in trash every boot i think might have something to do with the issue above .
how hard is it to rank on kronos 2 as alliance compared to ranking on nostalrius as horde ?
i see ppl go standin 100 with just 200k honor and my mates says its super easy just to get 50k becaus bg is insta pop and is over pretty fast aswell ?
hello ive ben trying to find a book i read in school years ago but just cant seem to find it !
or if by some miricle you folks know the book
starts with mother and 2 kids elder daughter younger brother
kitchen has a calendar with a waterfall on it kids are amazed that it can even exisit so much water
kids decide to try and head to the waterfall uncle bit blurry here but might be both
they find a train track and dont know what it is
they refill a canteen from a little runing stream at night and are shot at they dont realise that the canteen is shot and has leaked the water they had collected
thats about it we read it in english class uk about 1996-1999 we had just read of mice and men maybe a link i dont know but not that ive been able to find
i 'm looking specifically at vanguard funds now but also more generally .
for example vanguard total stock vtsmx has a yield of 1.73 but a ytd return of 7.68 .
is the 1.73 already included in the 7.68 or if you select to reinvest the dividends is it actually going to grow by 9.41 ?
this is the only time it will happen in the next foreseeable 365 days except for maybe christmas break i guess just due to the work schedule .
will having to do that impact my cycle not talking about the bleeding part significantly ?
me and my friend were playing a 3 team game with me as one team him as the other and 6 emperor ais in the last team .
i got the sickest fucking petra ever the only tiles my capital could work that did n't get the bonus were flood plains other than that so much food .
was n't even funny my city went to like 63 population and did n't have any more work slots to fill .
i was one turn away from buying the last spaceship part while the ai was barely in atomic and what does the ai do ?
spend all of their gold on city states and even though i spent all of mine too they barely manage to get gandhi elected world leader .
i was sure that they would n't have enough votes but i did n't double check .
i made peace with india when i could have wiped them out completely .
without realizing it i did everything i could to lose from that amazing position .
hello and welcome in the weekly themed post with a totally not failed title .
once a week a new theme will be chosen and a new thread will be open .
post a link to one movie corresponding to the theme .
pick a movie already in the comments and watch it .
do not post any spoilers without using the spoiler tag .
your comment will be removed and you will receive a one week ban to prevent you from participating in the weekly thread .
do not upvote/downvote a movie you did n't watch .
do not post a movie link if it is n't related to the chosen theme .
allow me to introduce you to a small platformer game i 'm making .
you are a goblin cook working for an evil dragon .
follow them through 5 different settings from dragons lair in the fiery temple of doom all the way to the castle keep and return the stolen treasure !
demo is available and contains 2 of 5 worlds total 40 of all levels
supported controls keyboard can set your own keys and x360 compatible gamepad
pre-alpha 40 levels done it 's gon na be in pre-alpha until i finish all the levels and then it 's going to alpha for testing/fixing/improvements and so on it does not mean it 's unplayable or buggy
i 'm inviting you all to download and try the free demo and leave some feedback comments constructive criticism .
but had to leave early because he kept staring at all the girls ' asses .
revealing the reaper '' gaming pcgame class for tol game reaping and consuming souls http buff.ly/2aw9b4w visit our twitter http ift.tt/1rbthtp visit our site http ift.tt/1q7upui
our gameart gamedesign by adi we decided to go with more-realistic gaming art http buff.ly/2b0a17i visit our twitter http ift.tt/1rbthtp visit our site http ift.tt/1q7upui
http imgur.com/gallery/mgtin i cant get the bolt down all the way so my window is very easy to be bursted open whenever theres strong wind .
i thought its becuz of all the dirt underneath the window so i cleared that up but it didnt fix the problem .
i even called ppl to fix it and they added more cement around the window frame to make it more secure but it doesnt help much
when drone fields first came in it would have been like 500 years until almost everyone who grew up before them was dead
what is the best budget freesync monitor for rx470 ?
i remember owning a vhs when i was younger with a series of cartoons on it .
i do n't remember what the other cartoons were but this one stuck out to me .
the plot was centered around a duckling or gosling ?
that was separated from his family and a bird of prey hawk osprey ... something was chasing the poor little bird down .
and thwarts the bird of prey 's plans to capture it by getting its head stuck in the sawmill wheel thing my descriptions are totally helping i 'm sure .
there was no dialogue other than screeching or noises form the birds and there was music .
i have tried watching clips such as the ugly duckling the foxy duckling etc ... but they are not the short i am remembering .
at the risk of redditor scorn i must ask what is ctr '' ?
google has not been my friend and a search on reddit only turns up subreddits where the meaning of ctr '' is presumed .
nor have i ever seen someone make that claim .
yeah but with the track record so far i 'm gon na safely assume my statement will be correct
i know it is tempting to think that if she had a reason to end it then it 'd be easier to deal with but it is n't in the end you still have to accept it is over and move on and that is hard .
do n't be tempted to alienate or hurt her just to create that tension either do n't wish that anguish on anyone .
she likely struggled with this for some time she worked to this and had more closure as a result .
just because she is going forwards now does n't mean you have to just find it easy you have to go through the process but you ca n't use her as a yardstick .
that said part of moving on is lowering dependence and that might not be possible while friends .
you may need to cut her off and focus on making peace with the reality that she is now exploring a part of herself she was n't strong enough to face before you .
small consolation but just remember that while she does this even if she had doubts any attempts you make to get her back she will resent .
whatever the future holds is to be determined now you have to do what she is doing and define yourself as a young adult and in some senses being alone is part of that .
i think it 's alright to show disdain towards establishment or something of that nature but to disrespect an individual and fellow competitor is kind of crass .
that 's the line i draw but you make a great point
are you familiar with the phrase the middle way ? ''
the buddha used it to describe the path between a life devoted to sensual pleasure and a life devoted to self affliction .
a virtue that bears fruit in the here and now and in the life to follow .
the buddha extolled the benefits of giving numerous times .
one of my favorite teachings on the topic is the siha sutta http www.accesstoinsight.org/tipitaka/an/an05/an05.034.than.html .
it 's more about having no interest in music .
everyone has their favorite music a favorite solo they want to play or a band that makes them strive to get better .
i never said i 'm selling my guitar i 'm just thinking about quitting lessons .
its just the arabic transliteration apparently there is no p equivalent so b is used instead .
i think the hazard deck is maybe my favorite change to the base game after flares .
lol you were so close to providing proof not that it matters except you didnt actually show you were allied .
so abra cadbra new theory as to the origin of the universe via big bang .
yet there are so many holes in that theory .
if a undergrad ever proposed such a theory based on existing scientific knoledge he 'd be laughed at .
oh it 's the stuff i require for my theory to work .
more shit that i need to have my theory work .
face it the big bang does not pass the test of a theory .
at best you could say it 's a hypothesis .
when it was first proposed it predicted that the universe would either expand forever but at a slower and slower pace or it would collapse .
that 's how we 've interpreted the facts we know .
what we really know is that the wavelength of light is increasing .
so how the fuck do you get to the idea that the source is moving away from the receiver if you do n't even know what the fuck light is .
i 'm sure there a people that have invested thousands of dollars on an education and have had to repeat to their prof 's the shit they have been taught but please do n't wast your time contacting me and telling me what your prof taught you or what you read in a book .
the big bang hypothesis is like any other porn all big dicks doing things that do n't seem to happen in real life .
i think of people believing in the big bang like johanna witnesses .
you have to take it on faith and they keep knocking you your door to make you a believer .
actually a cheap 1 case of ebay http www.ebay.com/itm/162115108195 ? trksid=p2057872.m2749.l2649 var=461076476670 sspagename=strk 3amebidx 3ait and it fits perfectly .
not planning on getting another case for this phone as i am extremely satisfied with this one
i have a cateye enduro 8 it 's wired and has lasted through two bikes and about a decade of medium/light use .
it 's been run over dropped in water and on hard cement .
all i 've had to do is replace the battery and buy a new bracket when my previous bike was stolen .
it 's nothing special in it 's own right just a tank .
pro tip ... order a decaf if necessary coffee after dinner and load it up with cream as well as sweetener if you use it .
tastes like dessert and gives you something to do while she eats !
so does that mean that usn torpedoes mounted on ships up to and including tier 8 have a 73 chance not to detonate upon successful detonation and usn dds are now at risk by being exploded by their own torps as they now have a 34 chance of swimming in circles ?
we either play on heaven east or heaven west server i guess .
my go to is the outfit you mentioned high-waisted pants well skinny jeans and a fitted tank top tucked in with the button down 's sleeves folded to my elbow .
you can also swap the tank top for a silky crop top .
for button ups that are my size '' i 'll wear it tucked into a black skater skirt either buttoned all the way up with a dainty necklace or still tucked in but unbuttoned with a white cami underneath .
edit because i do n't know how to read plain or with a blazer is fine .
a blazer dresses it up a little which takes it from casual to fun work outfit that leans casual . ''
i personally think that the key here is to keep everything else neutral/solid colored when wearing something with such a busy print
awesome isnt awesome if all there is is awesome .
the mental gymnastics and ramblings of a nms purchaser .
you get the personal insults because you are acknowledging that your position is cunty and then proceeding with it .
he was wearing no shoes when we were practicing at home just now .
because previously you can have cross heart and 3 light orb 2 combo to beat even 200k dmg absorb now you are 100 dead unless you can somehow magically have cross heart and 3 unenhanced light orb and you still need to have low attack sub for this to work .
people on jp twitter is already raging hard this so called buff basically screwed miru in arena while not really giving her any significant damage boost .
so he takes the jitte removes a couple counters from it and ...
will smith is easily one of our best relievers .
alright when you download discord hop into https discord.gg/8axmu and i can give more info
new players come join the live discussion for this round on discord http discord.gg/013eeom1nyuymjhpe !
and remember if you win you have to post the next round !
will i still get to have fun if i guess i use the mic ?
in some ways that 's what makes these the worst kind of boats .
how old were you guys when you moved out of home ?
with how i 'm planning things i wont be moving out till i 'm 23-24 is that weird ?
from that distance literally across the map i could jump out of the way .
bought an x201 when i started my master 's program .
whenever i think about updating i remember my student loans .
sorry but you fans dont deserve it i can drop a .5 cdq second snippet and never drop the song tho
wait a sec if this is caveira we 're talkin about then she must have gathered intel of other 's location
so i do n't know how common this is and it does n't sound like your situation but i have an aunt who does that when introducing people both men and women as a way of explaining who is connected with who to someone who is only familiar with one of them .
so for example she might introduce me to someone who only knows my dad as this is simonjester she belongs to simon'sdad ... and this is mrstudlypants he belongs to simon . ''
it would 100 rub me the wrong way if it were gendered but in her case it is n't .
it might just be some sort of regional language quirk ?
p4mc common man hows everyone supposed to know that acronym .
your post was automatically removed for being a mobile link .
you can typically do so by removing the '.m ' portion from your url .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/todayilearned if you have any questions or concerns .
holy shit i thought that was just a weird colored iris .
before participating be sure to read and understand the rules .
http www.reddit.com/r/redditgetsdrawn/wiki/index please direct any questions or concerns to modmail .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/redditgetsdrawn if you have any questions or concerns .
haha i went into this thinking you meant boss fight but i completely agree about commander shep .
i could n't bring myself to play the final part of me3 for a long time because i did n't want it to be over and i was also afraid of it ruining my me experience since it was so universally hated .
direct links to images are not allowed as such your post has been removed .
please submit your post as a discussion self post r/overwatch/submit ? selftext=true with some context .
if you 're submitting fanart you may link directly to a deviantart page artstation portfolio blog etc .
if you 're submitting a play of the game or other highlight you 'll need to use a video/gif host such as youtube or gfycat .
imgur posts are automatically removed even if its a gifv as we 're not able to detect which type it is .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/overwatch if you have any questions or concerns .
actually what time is it in your part of the world ?
have all of you learned the concept of time zones '' yet ?
how cool is it to know that when you 're just then getting into bed kids from some other parts of the world are just then getting up having breakfast and getting ready for school ?
this is n't what you 're asking for but i feel it is valuable
everybody wants to rule the world tears for fears w/lyrics 4:13 http youtu.be/r-o3kyrdpbi
nah get a man bun if you want it .
they just work on some people and do n't on others .
for someone to say they 're unanimously bad is honestly just kind of mean .
you do n't have to die in lane to get beaten in lane people always make the mistake of thinking that 's how you win lane nowadays getting solo kills in mid is really rare it 's all about the pressure huhi lost to bjerg in pressure in our games in the summer split did even on the spring split .
if huhi can keep things even in terms of pressure and not lose too many cs i think clg is in a good position to contest the series but idk how strong tsm will come out for playoffs
i think i asked the wrong question i 'm sorry .
i kinda figured that they were meant to be used for situations like that .
what i 'm wondering though is why are the 3 damage character sprites the same ?
b o o t y c l u b i n a f
is there a way to know which version the device packs ?
i do n't mean buying it online but in a store so maybe it says so on the box ?
the nazis may have lost the war but they sure won the fashion show .
like i do n't want to be attracted to you but goddamn sexy uniforms .
ge and then i saw the post-count and i knew that the law of averages predicted that someone would have beaten me to it so i just scrolled down until i found it .
when you two met i thought you guys were going to team up or something or just go your separate ways i 'm happy how this turned out
think of dreams as a systems check while your brain is checking itself it gives you a random screensaver .
at this point i think the crazies have em outnumbered .
i bet a lot of the people complaining would n't do so if their country was the one winning everything .
which makes me wonder about the attrition rates we hear about .
not that there is n't one but apparently it is a bit more complicated if the ratio of catholics to population is the same .
if you have brand new dad jokes you keep them right here .
tiny hands ' hands he will sue you if he can find money in his piggy bank .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/enoughtrumpspam if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean yes if he signs elsewhere we get nothing in return .
it kinda seems like the flames are going we 'll most likely not have him next year so why bother trying to sign him long term '' but also saying prove your worth and we will take the chance and resign you before fa . ''
for all we know the flames and tspoon 's agent could have an under the table agreement that he 'll resign next year and this lets them bypass protecting .
on the other hand a young defenseman on a year contract potentially has a better trade value at the deadline than one on 2 years that needs to be protected .
flames could trade him for even a 7th rounder and feel like they did the best they could .
s 124 and 129 are listed at the bottom of common .
s 140 and 141 are listed at the bottom of rare .
that being said you have to force the scroll to go past the bottom and it wo n't stay there meaning it 's impossible to switch on and off .
so ... in a sense it is there but not in a helpful way .
france is n't america nor is it saudi arabia .
they have their own culture and neither the us nor saudi are compatible with it .
if you want to be muslim try living in a muslim country .
i 've got 80 hours with genji and i 'm still learning him and getting better and better .
with the other characters with the exception of zarya i feel like i maxed out potential after about 3 hours .
but if you have n't spent at least 50 hours with genji i 'm just going to assume his power may be far greater than you know ...
do you think there is a significant quality difference between the carmina vs the meermin that would justify my spending more money on them ?
i do n't have any experience with either company .
comcast has a near monopoly on inner city broadband so good luck .
i am not a fan of the a 's .
i 'm hoping when the time comes i wo n't get too many throughout pregnancy !
feel i have my fair share of them now !
hell i like the marky crowds more to be honest with you
i was greedy and decided not to go for istanbul in the first round of the peace conference assuming the soviets would go for something more useful like germany or all of china/japan instead of even more chromium .
i 'm not entirely sure what land to take now .
i agree you can find a bk2 in good shape for that price .
go farm the special quest and weapons from rare monster .
i would tend to agree with you if it was n't for the fact that i just have n't seen a wave of former trump employees take to the media surfacing his racism and sexism .
maybe i just have n't been looking at the right time but it seems like they would be everywhere .
we personally do not we live just 30 minutes away from a town where roads were washed away.. other than our yard being extra mushy we 're fine .
i know many of the churches around us are getting together and taking in donations .
the well first baptist mccomb and i think first baptist summit .
i 'm not exactly sure how to give or where or when ...
we have an aunt that will be staying up here and have been focusing on her .
she lived in independence and saw her house today ... everything will have to be gutted..
the finesse of using spells in pvp is a mixture of damage and speed .
the best ones are spells that cast quickly give a lot of damage and are hard to dodge .
you wo n't get all 3 but you can combo them .
so i usually arm a crystal homing soul mass above me have a soul spear ready to go and sometimes buff my katana .
so my standard opening combo is a soul spear right as my soul mass launches then as they roll into the soul spear to dodge i get katana blows in .
when they back up i 'll alternate between fast soul spears and very slow homing soul arrows to catch them off their roll .
i 've definitely killed people with just the soul mass and soul spear before .
a soul spear near max damage best catalyst fully upgraded about 60 intelligence and high cast speed does about 1000 damage for me with a direct hit to the face .
that does n't usually happen though usually they shield it or have good armor and it does about 200
i work in a weird neighbourhood and we get our fair share of weirdos .
i am very patient with customers but if you start screaming at me or insulting me you will be put on hold and will talk to someone else .
i will go out of my way to help polite people but assholes i do n't bother with .
i have coworkers who are better than me at defusing angry patients .
however i 've never refused to save a customer in store .
even if they are being rude i put on a smile and do my job .
people tend to be nastier on the phone than irl i find .
the likelihood of a foreign made anti-nazi movie making it to theaters in germany at the time is about zero .
the decision to break up does n't have to be one you agree to op it can be a one sided decision .
you have to do what 's best for you ultimately .
i recently carried to term after a devastating miscarriage last year .
the entire pregnancy i was consumed with fear and guilt because all the unresolved emotions about the miscarriage came up again .
even though we fought for the pregnancy even though it was wanted i struggled with feelings of get this thing out of me '' because i could n't bear the thought of the same thing again if there was another loss .
counterintuitive but there 's the ugly truth about how i felt .
i ca n't imagine how much worse the conflicting emotions would be with a surprise pregnancy .
i ended up with prenatal depression which has a high risk of happening for people with previous miscarriages .
even if you do n't end up going down that same path it is so important to have a support system in place as you 're processing your renewed grief .
please do n't be afraid to seek help and start with him .
also i recommend looking online for resources about rainbow babies '' ie a conception after previous loss .
it helps so much to realize your fears are normal .
pregnancy can be a huge trigger for previous miscarriage trauma .
finally i recommend letting your doctor know what you 're feeling and what you went through .
they can monitor you for depression maybe even direct you to support resources .
it 's important to ask for help for your sake and for the baby .
babies are amazing but it 's super important to get the support you need and it 's okay to be conflicted about pregnancy .
i 'm just now starting to bond with my little one and i love my little rainbow baby so much .
i hope you 'll find the same joy too .
detox is the first trio album with dre frankie and jay
picture on picture with whoever the guest announcer is should be standard
probably related to how much i 've earned overall since taking money in and out does n't affect it .
still going from 0.3 to 0.5 is a nice little reward but it makes the issue of endgame banking '' that much worse almost twice as much so .
i 'm also curious how someone would do the math and determine whether just banking nonstop until you can afford the final upgrade would be cost efficient compared to buying upgrades as they come .
i 'm sure there 's a formula somewhere out there for it incidentally i think there was a mistake in my formula above upon rethinking it i think you 'd want to do it as prevavg x elapsed curvalue x 1 elapsed+1 not curavg but if banking is straightforward growth compared to units having time to pay off their costs and the time it takes to pay off is greater than the time to earn that much back from simply banking esp since apparently the interest rate grows i think we 'd be on to the formula .
i mention this because the jump to 15m to get the next upgrade has me thinking ... my per second banking has just met and is now surpassing my per second unit income ... and the total difference would be greater if i bought more units but then i 'd have to wait for them to pay off ... better to keep it in the bank and just keep redepositing as i go .
banking is also more convenient since i can walk away from the game for a few minutes and it 'll keep auto-redepositing itself to get me more interest while i 'm gone whereas with units i need to check in every now and again to put the money into the bank .
have n't actually encountered any bugs that i can recall .
console only shows that one .ico file did n't load meh .
that 's ... obnoxious as hell but i tip my hat it 's also clever and makes sense so i do n't begrudge it .
and now i 've got to face the opposite problem checking in to take money out of the bank .
should probably mention that somewhere see point 2 in the first post above ... we ca n't make informed decisions about how to play if we do n't have information .
if i wait until it tells me that i 'm over max balance then withdraw a single dollar it credits me the interest i should have .
i still have to monitor it religiously every ten seconds but this allows me to ignore the max balance .
this also pushed me to 0.6 interest so i think it 's every power of ten banked you get 0.1 interest .
saturday and sunday at 8:00 in the morning and 3:30 in the afternoon between doral and tropical park
they might as well not even have the body anymore .
you know facts does n't matter it 's about feelings .
i feel that white people are oppressed and crime is going up .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/enoughtrumpspam if you have any questions or concerns .
notice how you state that i am wrong then you go on to make an unfounded claim while using the word probably '' and without even providing a source .
also saying that ancestors of the jews were the jews is also irrelevant because i never said that they were n't i was talking about the palestinians .
one statement being true does n't imply that the other is false .
even though your advice is n't what i expected i totally get it aha .
in was just wondering if he can write off like the basic essentials .
like internet to manage his business emails and such .
you do n't get to see random shit like navi or wings picking pudge because fuck meta .
my introduction to the series was hr in 2011 and i perfectly remember how random it was .
in an airport bookstore it was the only ps3 game being displayed and i looked at the square enix logo being a diehard final fantasy fan and bought because i had nothing else to play then .
i put it in the console saw the eidos logo and as soon the intro began i was sold .
i also did n't really mind invisible war but it 's blasphemy so i 'll stop here .
limp bizkit 's cover of behind blue eyes https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=tr8uesbows4 versus the original the who version https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=bfuwxrze9ya .
this song which feels kind of westerny always makes me think of the gunslinger/dark tower series as if it 's being sung about roland deschain .
i always kind of hoped it would find it 's way into a live action movie/tv show of the book .
but then the nsa might be able to spy on me based on perceived porn preferences .
he had literally stopped moving and was standing there and then 2 seconds later he gets tazered .
and since when the fuck does 'advancing on a police officer ' mean you get fucking tazed ?
would you guys release the proposal and vote that resulted in his removal where this is an accusation ?
so this defense post posted he was inactive but he modded enough partisanly and egotistically that it effected the sub ?
how about for transparency 's sake you release the mod logs .
so we can see just how neutral every one 's modding is and how destructive his modding was ?
the host parry/riposted me with the goddamned hornet ring .
he got it pre-patch where you could summon master and he 'd be essentially invincible .
i prefer to associate him with this other fast swimming fish-communicating and sea dwelling disney character instead .
where tou really have no idea what your getting ?
no one can seem to name one vendor that sells that cheep .
can i be a newbie to wb i keep seeing the term striker .
i 've only cleared one wb so far and that was yesterday after spending 600 crystals to win .
think about ship to ship combat when you have guys flinging themselves propelled by grappling hook maneuvers to other ships .
evan is the most ridiculous man that has ever been on this franchise .
it was funny but now i 'm getting fucking sick of his stale shit talking awkwardness .
there were even two semesters i had where professors put exams on that day !
bunch of old historical buildings and weather effects ice !
i just want another new open world game other than fa4 to be based in the area
have you ever tried to debate someone who only watches right wing borderline conspiracy news '' ?
these people are n't about facts as much as punchlines .
well delivered one liners are where the feels come from .
the moderators will need to be people who wo n't be bullied by him .
follow up questions calling him out on blatant errors will be important .
i hope hillary talks down to him instead of getting caught in the trap of sinking to his level .
just a word of warning i was reading the documentation http pyxattr.k1024.org/module.html and the getxattr function has been deprecated and replaced by the get function so you should probably use that instead .
warning ... you will likely yell what the fuck '' outloud https imgur.com/a/ukdhf
yeah it 's not something that should be on ppv decent enough to tide the guys over i suppose .
they were reliant on a spouse and wanted to get back to marriage as soon as practicable .
much longer usually because they got divorced specifically because they no longer wanted/needed a spousal figure in their lives .
i know of one in the latter category who is married to someone he met on sa and only because i had been on a meet-and-greet with her and felt compelled to mention it to him .
to be totally fair i would not have called what preceded their marriage an arrangement '' though she was an experienced sb .
as a guy taking yoga as a senior in high school is gon na be very nice .
reaper ult does 600dmg over 3 seconds it 's definitely enough .
it 's mostly not efficient because people are usually dying and giving him souls to heal up .
but since he pretty much only ulted the genjis they could all have reflected or if reaper soloulted a genji then genji wins with deflect
killa 's cries of rigged '' still echo through the venue .
my guess is a inline power filter like you would see on older headunits .
but that 's just me going off the yellow constant red switched and black ground wires and the fact that its posted in carav
it 's important for your bones because it has lots of calcium ! ''
it 's full of protein and you 'll become so much stronger and healthier ! ''
you can find 1404 on steam under the name dawn of discovery .
they renamed it and i thought for a long time it was weird 1404 was not on steam but it was just renamed .
there is a weird part a very weird part of me yhat thinks he may not suck at acting
i really wanted to do the pregnant nun but i was afraid of offending people as well .
maybe you just need to find one that fits the pcb of your board
well they get to say no high-fructose corn syrup ! '' ...
nutrition value wise you 're fucked either way if that 's the first ingredient .
you might wan na spoiler-tag this thread man because i 'm assuming we 're talking about pirate games '' stuff and last i think the anime 's still a ways away from there .
i was pretty against the idea of kidd teaming up with luffy since i think he works better as an antagonist but i could see a temporary truce '' sort of thing going down .
if your age is on the clock you 're ready for some cock
if treasures were that easy to come by everyone would be looking for it
man i 'd love to pull her from a draw
if she stayed fire umph i would start drawing like a madman by now xd
also will she and the other summer characters be sticking around from now on or are being rotated out likely once september comes around ?
r e s p e c t find out what it means to me r e s p e c t ob glob e see dee
here is the link to the original comment thread .
https www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/4xybrg/airbitz_introduces_api_to_integrate_bitcoin_into '' data-event-action '' comments or you can comment here to start a discussion .
stay with us you can be the adopted burgess brother joe we 'll love you the exact same .
tears in heaven '' is about eric clapton 's young son who i believe drowned in the ocean .
so magnus has left and markus is alone in the medbay ?
and yet despite it being a majority held view that the earth is going to be fucked due to climate change ... we can neither get conservatives to acknowledge it so we can pass laws to help change anything nor can we get liberals to significantly lower their rate of consumption .
everyone is selfish assholes and has enormous carbon footprints .
whenever i talk about how little i buy and consume people talk like i'm the crazy person for not wanting to buy brand new shit every month new phones every year etc .
it 's a sushi place ... of course they eat the scallops raw .
from hue 's own mouth but the men who are on my staff now are here because they 're the best at what they do .
pep ray and kirby ... they 're the best in their field .
kirby has coached some of the best running backs in this league .
pep has coached colts pro bowl quarterback andrew luck .
i gave them opportunities because i want the best around me .
and they 're going to elevate their careers as we go along.
not only earthroot but also sandals of nature tested and probably warden subclass perk untested can mitigate chalice damage .
i think these effects stack but there seems to be a cap .
i believe your armor subtracts a random flat mitigation value first then a portion of it is absorbed by herbal armor .
i 'm not sure how it works it ca n't be flat shield mitigation because you receive damage but still have leftover shielding .
current chalice level x current chalice level x 3 .
so you could put on your best armor stand on earthroot as a warden activate sandals of nature and prick yourself a couple times without worries .
my spotify and soundcloud are gon na be going crazy over the next few weeks .
welcome to fry 's where our employees do n't know shit and your time does n't matter
if you 're stuck at a rank then you belong there for the moment .
it seems like you actually possess the ability to self-assess and criticize yourself and that 's something 98 of the other players at your rank do n't have .
figure out what 's not working and start improving from there not just pump worthless hours into the game expecting it all to magically click one day and hit rank 70 .
if their habitat has changed to the extent they 're dying out then let them .
i have bayonet ruby 0.02fv how much should i espect for that ?
3 i know this is not pc section but i need to ask d and did day growe whit price my second queston ?
i loved telling my partner to go down to the beach smoke a joint while he listened to this song .
in all honesty i know little to nothing about american sports i concentrate mostly on stoke and not much else .
oatcakes are a local delicacy which is essentially an oat oriented pancake .
they are mostly served savoury with cheese bacon or sausage or ideally all three !
i doubt one has ever been used as an offensive weapon given their flaccid nature but it would n't at all surprise me to find out if someone had tried .
we used to in fact have a bit of a rep for having a hooligan following but it 's mostly a distant memory now .
decades ago some local lads set up a fanzine with the name in homage to the food and then later the message board which now has next to nothing to do with the fanzine and just acts as a platform for stokies to chat shit about stoke talk about transfer rumours and generally moan their arses off .
i gave up posting on their years ago because the place drives you insane if you spend too much time on there .
still a great place for stoke news and discussion though .
i think it 's the reason you find hardly any stoke fans on reddit people are happy there .
i 'm not projecting you just do n't understand how physicians work in a hospital setting at all .
physicians will still round on patients from the pgy-1 to attending level if you have an office you spend most of your time in you 're probably an administrator .
op works in a hospital setting not a pharmacy .
of all the magic/game pet peeves ignorance towards rules is the one that irritates me the most .
it 's everyone 's responsibility to know how things work .
a common excuse is it 's just a game who cares ? ''
if that 's their attitude towards anything they do n't care about then they should n't complain when someone else can and will take advantage of their ignorance .
it 's the answer he should be looking for .
starting the game with a boost is sadly a bad idea because of the reasons you listed .
you skip everything and get absolutely no easing into the game .
chainsaw could still lose durability since it 's a mechanical thing .
it does n't make much sense for the other melee weapons considering how they 're just inanimate objects though ...
it 's not about pictures but learning about past and knowing what can come in the future .
but there are many things than can kill us and having humans in on another planet is for me bigger gain than anything else .
the yellow border appears earlier or later depending on what move is used .
for example with blizzard you see it halfway into the attack animation .
that means that in fact you have to wait until it appears midway through the animation before dodging .
this happens after it seems like the attack has already hit but is actually the correct time to dodge .
sometimes you have to fight the instinct to dodge during the attack animation and instead wait for the flash '' '' lines '' '' yellow border '' to appear before dodging .
usually it appears after the bubble text but device lag may cause the text to be delayed .
therefore you ca n't reliably judge based on the text .
you 'll just have to look for the attack indicator during the animation .
please do not post trade threads more frequently than once per 6 hours .
in the future please consider creating a single thread trading/looking for multiple things instead of creating multiple threads .
subhash chander who is presently posted in the security wing of the airline has been promoted to the rank of officer security for his exemplary conduct '' .
new delhi national carrier air india has promoted one of its security personnel out-of-turn for showing exemplary honesty and professional integrity.this is the first time in the history of the flag carrier that an employee was given out of turn promotion for honesty '' according to air india .
subhash chander who is presently posted in the security wing of the airline has been promoted to the rank of officer security for his exemplary conduct '' by the air india chairman and managing director aswani lohani according to an official statement .
on august 15 during the pipping ceremony ai 's executive director for security alok singh ips conferred upon chander stripes of the rank of officer security '' air india said.chander who is a science graduate and has undertaken several courses in aviation security had on several occasions returned valuables cash and belongings left by passengers on aircraft it said adding chander has returned back valuables left by passengers and in all these cases the passengers were not aware of their misplaced articles till returned to them .
in one such case in june this year while checking a flight which had arrived from hong kong chander had found a pouch containing over rs 5 lakh in foreign currency which was returned back to the passenger according to the statement.on august 25 2003 gold ornaments left by a saudi arabia-bound passenger from bhopal were returned after being found by chander it said.chander is serving air india for the last nearly 29 years it said .
man gets out-of-turn promotion in air india for his ‘honesty ' http www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/man-gets-out-of-turn-promotion-in-air-india-for-his-honesty/story-5lwo1urms2vq7rjsmsm1ul.html
air india employee get out-of-turn promotion for honesty http defenceaviationpost.com/air-india-employee-get-turn-promotion-honesty
teams that played most games played most heroes what a surprise
if only the bastard bureaucrats and choot politicians who are parasitic on sports are eliminated and all that money they suck for their travel to the olympic venues is diverted back to where it is relevant sport .
classic match roman takes most of the opponents arsenal no sells it throws a couple of power punches and spears them out of nowhere .
unless angle comes back at summerslam which allows rusev to win .
it 's not just you frame drops are worse and gpu is running at a constant 99 load now .
i want to believe that ffxv will be great but i just ca n't .
i thought the gambit system was an excellent successor to atb and the aesthetic design of ivalice was breathtaking .
music was n't my favorite but that 's my biggest knock on the game .
i actually think square is better off now than a lot of the hyperbolic opinions in this thread .
gans pushed back the production date a bit for the usa so we are expecting to receive it later this week or early next week !
i could get into going outside and doing stuff it 's him locked away in his office that 's bugging me .
but it 's fallout or related to fallout idk some game that came out awhile ago that he 's been waiting to play .
i 'm going to have a few days away from him tomorrow and after that and after he 's had some time to play lots of his game i 'm going to have a sit down conversation with him and talk about all the changes that we need to make .
oh yeah i was mixing up with the op 's current build .
twitter sometimes will give special things to special hashtags .
for this one they made those emojii 's that would never be on any emojii keyboard and will appear next to that hastag any time it is used .
if peoples bought different dlcs separately that 'd be impossible for mp players to find a game with dlc maps .
i just ca n't fathom as to why you 'd advocate screwing people who 'd just want to purchase a single dlc .
they 'd be way more screwed if when buying that dlc they 'd only be able to play the zombie map because they would n't be able to find a fucking mp game with it .
people play with full mouse and keyboard on ps4 all the time .
tons of people preferred it when a realm reborn came out .
i thought it was a reference to gandalf solo-killing the balrog .
i went to sela specifically to look at this pair .
was blown away by the texture of the fabric and overall heft of the denim .
i decided to go with something else as i am in the market for something a little more subdued for daily wear .
the wavy '' texture was a bit too flashy for now but once i get my rotation going it 's something i will consider .
though i will have to disagree with one point of your review .
the slim taper cut aka strikr gold 09 cut did n't feel like something that was only for those with skinny legs .
i do n't have the biggest thighs but they are n't skinny either .
i think sizing up 2 is not a bad idea for that particular fit as i tried it on and it seemed pretty generous for something considered slim taper '' .
ypu also have to consoder there will be a good amount of shrink with thr looser weave .
almost the entire pbj line are cut much slimmer though the thighs and there are plenty of average built guys here that wear their denim .
in burning crusade when we found garrosh we found him a broken man orc .
he was living on outland in nagrand and his clan and family were being killed and torn apart .
we helped him a bunch he got out of his funk .
in wrath of the lich king he became a war hero .
he helped lead the fight against the scourge in northrend and helped succesfully end their threat to azeroth .
in cataclysm thrall had to step down as warchief of the horde to become the world shaman and decided to appoint garrosh as the new warchief .
garrosh repeatedly told thrall that he did n't want and could n't handle the position but thrall insisted .
this is were things first started to go bad .
see thrall wanted the horde to be something different than garrosh .
you have to remember garrosh had his idea of the horde based firmly on the old orc tradition while thrall was raised by humans .
garrosh 's horde was to be far more aggressive in taking what it needed .
it was n't interested in diplomacy or asking nicely .
it took what it needed so its people could not only survive but thrive .
garrosh is a brute and bully and this caused a rift in the horde .
those who saw garrosh 's way as right and those who saw thrall 's way as right .
it should be noted that garrosh still was n't crazy or evil here however .
he still had morals and there was such thing as going to far .
garrosh 's bloodlust and need for conquest grew stronger .
combined with the his exposure to the sha beings of negative emotion who fed on and enhanced garrosh 's own negative emotions such as fear anger and pride .
this is where he went full crazy and started messing with the heart of an old god to gain power .
at this point if you were n't part of his true horde you were an enemy who needed to be put to death .
this is why we had to take him out .
we beat him and put him on trial but he escaped with the help of a bronze dragon .
wod he traveled back in time to a different reality in a last ditch effort to conquer our azeroth using a horde that shared his ideals of conquest and victory .
he however was not able to keep all the orcs from being corrupted by gul'dan and his demon juice and he eventually fell to the players/thrall .
ideal build for a swimmer is a long canoe-like torso big feet and short legs .
i have read and agreed to the above terms and conditions .
yea and all these hover boards all over the place that can fly across water are sweet .
i have a pair of monitor audio silver rx6 hooked up to a cambridge azure 651 amp with a cambridge dacmagic plus ... and i love em .
i enjoy my headphones and hifi setups equally and in different ways .
speakers allow me to really feel the music kick it out loud and shake the place down when i want to .
my headphones bring me closer to the music for a more intimate listen and can really suit my mood or the music better than listening out loud ... or sometimes i just do n't want to annoy the wife !
the hifi cost a lot more than all my headphones put together and in someways could be considered technically '' better but i would n't want to give either up .
check the faq and search function this has been posted about endlessly .
i resubbed when the demon hunter patch went live .
i find out there is flying in draenor now but it requires a big meta-achievement .
i use that as a carrot to work towards for a while and make progress towards all the achievements on my own .
then i start to read up on tanaan diplomat then i actually start doing it .
one reputation that requires grinding an area full of elites .
and one that requires a few weeks of exactly one daily .
a daily where i 'll have to hunt rares ?
and the treasures i 've been using to speed it up so far do n't respawn ?
so it 's going to get harder over time ?
all for a faction that seems to only exist for this purpose ?
one quest one vendor one npc one month of painful bs ?
god everything else in this achievement i was able to grind out in a couple nights and i felt like i was achieving something and experiencing content .
are they going to fix this before legion is live ?
or is it just going to always be the case that new characters will never get draenor flying ?
i thought that the second bar could be skaarl 's health .
you could build up the amount of health that you want him to have courage of skaarl 's health maybe adjusted to the current maximums by level then activate it with r or e to get skaarl back with that much health .
that move would still have the cooldown so using it at the wrong time could end badly .
if i play him again i 'll make a post with my recording .
so here are my thoughts about harry potter and ilvermorny .
i thought the story about isolt sayre was pretty cool but i was a little disappointed to see that native americans did n't play a huge role in its creation .
maybe this is because jk rowling does n't want to be accused of cultural appropriation and wants to avoid any conflict ?
however i still thought it was great story nonetheless .
with that being said here 's what i think rowling should do .
she should leave harry potter alone cursed child was pretty bad .
the characters did n't seen consistent and it read like a poorly written fan fiction imo and instead start fresh with ilvermorny .
i think it would be really cool if she started a new series of 7 books about a new set of characters of american wizards who go to ilvermorny and the challenges and conflicts they face .
please unless poe is your first video game ever it 's the standard to look for video tutorial/guide nowadays .
when i first play the game and saw the skill tree i immediately alt-tab and look for a beginner build .
note you have tree reset almost every 3 months due to game balancing/tree changes .
i 'm not sure for 2.4 as nothing was mentioned but that was the case already the last few big patch notes .
sigh i will try my best to respond without condescending but you 've made it difficult for me .
also your plans would discriminate against the ignorant stupid and uneducatable .
would n't that make you punishable by death ? ''
whilst what you say is technically true in that i am discriminating against the discriminators it is also inconsequential .
in the same way that executing a war criminal makes you a criminal its still for the greater good and most people wo n't consider you a criminal in any case .
you need to open-source that shit and listen to the buzz of the people . ''
you can stick to the masses i much prefer professionals when it comes to serious matters .
you plant them into the ground and they extract co2 from the atmosphere . ''
either you think i do n't know plants can extract co2 or you are unaware that there are potentially faster and more efficient methods of doing this .
either way what you just said is a distasteful mixture of arrogance and ignorance .
'' annexation means they become citizens of your country .
this is n't an argument so much as repetition of your first point .
besides when the dictator does something it 's not illegal .
once you have a million people living there then we can talk about mars . ''
climate change will hit there first which is the entire reason for colonizing mars .
'' um you realize nuclear plants are socialist initiatives ?
clean energy is a thing that exists you are aware of this right ?
also wealth redistribution is also a thing simple mind .
i 've addressed your silly counter-arguments and have determined them to be nothing but brain-farts .
come back when you have something of value to offer .
now we know who 's been making all these alts
you can move ssh to port 443 or setup openvpn on that port of course simply asking them for help to whitelist your home server might work and wo n't get you in trouble when they find out
and the way i see it i 'm going to be using the amp with better headphones gradually .
i really wanted the sennheiser hd 598 but it was way out of budget .
i think last night they said he takes 2-3 strides less over 35ish which is negligible .
never had a shot with cuddy good choice of phrasing .
i 've been stealth in college for two and a half years now and it 's honestly really tiring and stressful .
i do n't feel like i can talk about things i want to talk about like trans issues and even though i 'm accepted as a cis dude i feel really uncomfortable and out of place .
i probably wo n't out myself to everyone or anything like that because i still feel safer with no one knowing i 'm trans but it 's still a lot to deal with .
he could go out in the street and shoot a cop in the face and there are millions of anericans who would still vote for this dangerous nut job .
you get enough polls saying he ca n't win then people stay home and he wins .
tomorrow i 'm going to look for a way to volunteer and make a difference .
why are you buying a sportbike if you are mentally not prepared for it ?
they are almost all just racebikes with lights and only good at going fast and fast around corners .
they suck at cruising commuting everything but carving perfect lines on racetracks or mountain roads..
most of them suck at handling untill you get them in the sweet spot and for that you have to be riding fast and have the skills to handle the rear wheel breaking loose under power and when hard on the brakes .
if you 're sick of cruisers why not get a naked/standard bike ?
way better for mild quick riding easier to handle around town you do n't have to get them screaming up in the powerband over 10,000rpm to work right etc etc .
and they are miles ahead of cruisers in the cornering ability.. something like an sv650 ninja 650 etc.. 70-100hp is still enough to enjoy and they will be faster then a cruiser by miles .
plue with only 1.5 years under your belt and all of it on a cruiser getting right on a supersport or superbike is not the best idea .
after watching this video it 's clear that these looters have solved the police brutality issue in the usa .
i make around 5000 a year by selling shit on amazon and ebay .
and i have one grey hair on the side of my head .
only visible in the mirror if i look very closely and only when the sides of my head are cut short .
it means i 'm getting old and will only get more grey hairs .
my life is n't even stressful if i get a job and stress that only means more grey hairs .
this hits so close to home i was just doing statistics homework while my roommate was drinking with some friends .
thanks but i ca n't take credit for finding it .
u/ulikel linked the thread here in this post https www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/4xpp87/iss_with_the_lights_off/d6hjvp7 and of course i read the top comment which was yours .
of course not but ca n't let logic get in the way of feeling smug now can we ?
even happens with indica but the main problem seems to be more than two hits sober or one while drunk i get paranoid .
i used to spend hours and hours on homework my brain just was n't comprehending only for my parents to then bitch about me being lazy and making me feel stupid when the grades were n't all a 's .
flash forward to when i was in my early 20 's and my mom bragged over thanksgiving dinner about how one of my teachers wanted me to be tested for learning disabilities in third grade but she was n't having any of that .
the bugle green goblin and pretty much everything else that is n't origin happens after he graduates .
try to use elza 's sbb only for her hot since you lack selena because it is extremely important for phases 2 and 3 .
remember the readers of this sub the shitizens and any sites that call out his behaviour the shillizens are all somehow in the employ of cig .
thus whatever is said here must therefore be the intent of cig .
since in recent days the gist of the commentary here is that ds is cruisin for a legal bruisin due to his rhetoric ipso facto sandi must be preparing a legal offensive along the same lines .
it is interesting to see how insular rl fans seem to be on clutching to terms for sport yet ok with others when visiting a new country .
the article is not meant to change the way the game is played nor for current or overseas fans '' .
this idea come for the usa wc bid for 2021 .
if 30,000 americans are watching rl for the first time live at a venue and 1 million are watching it on tv for the first time having them understand the game is more likely to keep them in the game .
oddly enough 99 of axemen fans and the same aussie and uk expats who are driving rl in the usa see it as a very positive move .
not suggesting other nations change anything only in the usa for the new fans that want to enjoy the game .
in many cases he have one chance to capture them in new markets .
just have to find it again unfortunately no custom waypoints .
is impersonating me ... i have not given him permission to use my personal photos ... please remove his account ... thanks
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules .
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=rule+1+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/4xxc60/how_do_i_politely_tell_friends_on_social_media .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
my wife and i just went through our second rewatch .
we need stuff to watch to get through this long game of thrones gap we 're gon na have .
pay your student loans car payment and gym membership as you always have or if you have n't find your online info or when a paper bill comes in the mail pay it .
from there you need to make a budget and spend some time reading the wiki here .
once you have actual questions should i pay off my 3 car loan ?
hey are these in store as well or online only ?
i thought this evening would be a dud after the 400m and i could finally clean my kitchen .
kitchen stays a war zone for one more night .
my friends and i played dnd recently he was an npc .
if you take that contract job be sure to read up on what it means to be a 1099 employee .
you are bound to screw yourself if you dont save any for taxes .
youre full time and will have stable employment for as long as you are a decent employee with wba .
dont screw that up until you have your responsibilities really just loans at the moment taken care of .
i 'll keep playing till i can roll a couple of times then decide if i wan na keep my rolls .
i mean it 's a heavy as fuck fish with a giant blade on its face does it really matter exactly what species it is ?
oh trust me i live in nj i know exactly what you 're talking about .
yea it seems people from nj/ny do n't appreciate rutgers as much as oos applicants do .
i 've heard nothing but negative things about this school .
saw it was voted worst food on some list ... lol .
my friends tell me they are terrible with merit and financial aid .
and most importantly i do n't see much a difference between a degree from fordham and a degree from rutgers
we all need to train with all kinds of partners ... in stepping onto the mat you have already achieved something beyond the ordinary .
visualise each step as your instructor is teaching .. see it inside your minds eye .
your time is just as valuable as everyone elses .
you 're right i have n't written a screenplay .
i 've had several short stories published in pro magazines and run a small publisher though if that counts for anything .
you 're right dice should just completely reinvent how automatic weapons work..
i will i just have a very limited amount of time to get this taken care of .
trying to get as much info as possible before tomorrow morning .
hell no that 's drug money i 'm not trying to get whacked !
well instead of that what about people who have a merciless character can start at merciless difficulty with a preset build ?
though they should wait untill 3rd-4th week of the league .
however i do think you should try to change the thumbnails of the videos to something a little more eye catching .
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
the premier museums in this country prince of wales bhau daji lad national museum in delhi are run in accordance with the best international practices
these museums are definitely not on the level of the best musems of the world .
they are also not run on the best international practises '' based on the sheer lack of maintainence of many of the items glass cases and more in the national museum in delhi .
forget that if you even compare the national museum to a smaller museum in amsterdam say the van gogh museum you 'll notice just how greatly they have shown the story of van gogh and how they displayed and preserved his work and also how nice is their gift shop when you exit .
we are not on the same level even for our biggest national museums .
sometimes it 's more convenient to buy the goty version of a game than to buy dlcs .
video games are on consoles sits back and gets popcorn
im jealous that lana in the only one that can have rusev
the final segment is rarely treated as the big segment it once has .
but again reigns is still probably the biggest star on raw ... why would you not want the fans to stick around and watch him ?
which is just one letter away from gsa ... which is just one letter away from goa ... which is just one letter away from god .
ah but you can probably change a diaper without gagging
for those speeds it will be very close to your location .
i know the forgotten realms/dragonlance worlds have been written by a few authors over the years but i do n't know if any are particularly better or worse than any others .
well almost half of the characters have n't been announced and there 's still tons of patches to add .
it is n't even out of a beta so you ca n't really say there is n't a future .
it 's will very early on and a lot of people really like it .
what is this planning thing you are talking about ?
but with the half-assed feud they tried building they probably were worried no one would bother unless they debuted the demon king .
there was a piece on npr i believe about a lady who taught at a university in the dprk and it took her months to even get someone to speak to her about anything besides school matters .
apparently they were all curious but did n't want to risk enquiring about it because people are encouraged to rat each other out .
if i remember correctly in the end the students were called into a private meeting with the government and afterwards none of them ever talked to this lady again .
so undertaker can put a debilitating amount of damage upon them with hogan and completely humiliate them as their gawker's/denton's/aj 's bank accounts empty out completely and they lose everything dear to them like their family and reputation as human beings as they walk the streets with signs around their necks further humiliating them by way of getting booed and laughed at as they get pelted with food and various pointy objects like nails .
wait ... ..are you saying people actually browse reddit when they are n't at work ?
i 'm on reddit alot but never when i 'm off of work .
i have found some are more helpful than others generally true for irl teachers too
i 'm with 5 years and 9 days i never get surprised by hearing this stupid suggestion .
shame its so close to the end of the season .
looking forward to season 2 changes though hopefully i 'll hit the ground running and not get stuck in the mud again .
the active ingredient in tylenol is acetaminophen which is not antiinflammatory so it is not an nsaid .
it will also not fuck up your stomach though it will destroy your liver if you take too much and too much '' is much less when you have a hangover .
i´m playing a whsipering ice scion but have some problems with my tankyness .
i´m lvl 88 and trying to get the monkey pet so i have to do uber lab and council soon
better gear costs 20ex upwards some lunatic even wants 2 mirrors for his armor so i have a hard time at upgrading my gear .
so if you happen to have really good es gear i´d be very grateful to take it .
there are 50-something countries in europe and something like 800 million people .
but uefa are n't really interested in europe and they 're definitely not interested in football supporters .
this slow death of the european cup as a serious sporting competition for clubs throughout europe is a painful process for a lot of us .
can we not just speed it up and say next year there will be a tournament of 4 clubs franchises loosely named after 4 big european capitals .
they can divvy up the world 's best players with whomever has the most oil money getting first pick and then play a round-robin tournament in front of a bunch of tourists with the winner being declared this year 's gazprom sony nissan megabucks mastercard superchampion of europe™ .
● all component are available to build a custom ship
● mod should be permenant and should work on an un-modded nms client
it is n't works union '' ruining an industry it is the delusional belief that you can inject market competition and efficiency into a monopoly system .
coutinho whilst being great on the ball is a bit of a fallacy for me .
he has extended patches of disappearing then shows up with an absolute thunderbastard and everyone forgets it .
i tend to put blocks on top of spawners to stop things spawning on them 2 blocks should be effective as spawners tend to have an 8x8x5 spawning area around the spawner so a 9x9 room would be best size with at least 2 blocks below and above the spawner free for spawns .
fear does n't have enough money to retire unless he wants to live like a pauper .
60 years on his winnings is not going to be easy .
i do n't care if they feel good about it or not it 's pro consumer therefor i 'm okay with it .
principalmente sì ma anche perché non esiste un giudice perfetto in grado di stabilire senza commettere errori chi merita e chi non merita .
posts like these are against the rules when you make a post like this and disregard the rules of a subreddit you tarnish your brand
it 's really frustrating as a fan because it feels like so much wasted potential .
i still do n't understand why formation is unlisted ?
no one can find it with a youtube search and now some other channel uploaded it and has 11mil views .
the original only has 49mil it should at least be over 100 .
the plus side is it pushes people to buy the entire album and appreciate it fully .
she talked about in in life is but a dream '' where she said artists today just release single after single and they die out quickly she does n't want that .
and its worked for her you never hear people talk about dangerously in love b'day i am..etc the way they talk about self-titled and lemonade .
but we 've had time to appreciate it as a full body of work so release and promote your singles bey im begging
they should do it without cheats this time tho ... i wan na see the panic on ronans face when all the white dots start apearing d
if wearing my sick joyce manor shirt is wrong then i do n't wan na be right .
i was driving my ice cream truck and hit some idiot on a unicycle juggling tennis balls ... ... ... ... .
i do n't think i 'd care really as long as someone translates it !
incredibly difficult question since not every girl is the same ...
a guy with a successfull like will always attract women .
success in your job in your social life your hobbies etc etc .
it only goes up from there as you use higher visual settings .
easy stuff but it just made me hate bioware more .
if your belly is freaking you out you can eat well below maintenance for a while .
but if you 're patient and do n't want to lose strength just eat at maintenance and keep lifting .
made a mirror for when wooo link inevitably dies or for those of you who ca n't view it for any reason
reminder that i get no karma for sticky comments nor no ad revenue for the youtube account i made 15 minutes ago after forgetting my dailymotion login so do n't yell at me pls
only submissions that are directly related to android are allowed . ''
if you would like to appeal please message the moderators by clicking this link http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fandroid .
i am a bot but this message was generated at the instruction of a human moderator .
use it for music it 's old af and really cracked but it gets the job done
the guy who is the alleged victim '' of this assault has he spoken up since then ?
you 'd think he would speak up and say this was n't assault .
so sorry this has happened to you it has happened to a lot of people .
universities encouraged by the federal government have gone way overboard in investigating sexual assault .
in my opinions sexual assaults should be investigated by police not by universities .
but overall i 'm just not a fan what can i say .
i 'm a working dad who regularly has days off to care for my baby daughter .
i 'd take being a stay at home dad everyday very happily .
i just much prefer it to working for the man .
he 's reset his campaign so many times he 's like that one friend we all knew as kids playing nintendo who would hit the reset button whenever they were losing .
click the gem 10 times and it 'll turn them back on .
i 'm sure a lot of the time i 'm looking at people and thinking aww she looks so sad she must have a terrible life i wish she did n't maybe i should get her an ice cream maybe i should buy her a beer maybe i should ... '' when all she is thinking is that guy 's looking at me . ''
i want the secret plans for a moon base dammit
phallic drawing is instinctive some of the very first drawings made by humans were dicks .
your post did not link directly to an image .
it can not be to a website with an image it must be to the image itself .
the link must end in .jpg .jpeg .png or .gif .
if you link an imgur picture make sure it is the i.imgur.com/link.jpg image not simply the imgur.com/link .
if you think this removal was a mistake message us here http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2finfographics .
we love interactive infotraphics as well so if you tried posting an interactive one shoot us a message and we 'll approve it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/infographics if you have any questions or concerns .
and while you 're in there i 'll just blow you and the cop car up .
it makes me feel like the korvax i probably am ... ..
is there a lesson you learned in your life so far that really stuck to you and that you 'd pass on to your children for example ?
do n't ever tell anyone not even your fiance what you 're earning how much savings you have or if you received any irregular bonus payments .
and do n't make a shared bank account where all your earnings get to .
have separate accounts for your and his/her earnings and make a shared bank account only for shared costs like rent water electricity and so on .
this way everyone keeps what they earned and no one spends money they did n't work for .
this is the most equal '' and fair '' concept i can imagine .
and do n't let yourself fooled by arguments like trust '' and in a relationship you share everything . ''
that 's bs and there will always be one in the relationship who takes more than they give .
story had some relationships where i was really open with my earnings and had a shared bank account with my partner .
i do n't say that they were gold diggers they were n't but at the end of the month there were hardly any savings left .
after 2000 € vanished after i worked on weekends and overtime for 6 months i realized that something goes horribly wrong .
after the breakup i realized just how much of my money was spent by my ex-partner each month .
he 's switched many many times over the years .
donald belongs to the donald party and that 's it .
are you telling me that making the next world of warcraft style mmo '' as their first project is difficult to program ?
you just equated every member of a race to hitler .
he 's paranoid about people using him '' based on his past history with his family .
my only concern is still whether or not benteke will want to go there .
i 'm sure klopp convinced him about it and he should have no problems with any team in the epl .
this crystal palace talk has been on since the start of off-season you do n't think it would have diminished if benteke had stated that he does n't wan na go ?
it 's either he go or stay an unused player for us as he obviously is n't in klopp 's plans and just rot away his prime like that .
i think as a bulgarian he can speak korean better than english lul !
i wish what was happening to aapl could happen to disney .
espn controversy is a pr play like their iphone sales drop '' controversy
even the time where i got trapped in the bathroom for 3 months .
it was just that series of mistakes that lead to a bad time .
now that i know more and take better care initially it 's much easier to handle the situation .
i think it was mostly the fact that i did n't think it was acid and i was worried that it might do me permanent harm .
i finally found a mr.mime and a snorlax in the last two days neither found either or seen on tracker .
caught 4k pokemon and only seen mr.mime once on nearby .
here 's my personal list of dungeon crawls team exploration games that i 'm keeping an eye on .
check out their pages on board game geek to see if any strike your fancy .
dungeons dragons castle ravenloft wrath of ashardalon legend of drizzt temple of elemental evil
hm looks like i forgot about that aspect but yeah you 're right here .
you can show cookies in firefox in the privacy settings .
make sure you are using clear history when firefox closes which clears all cookies and not just keep until firefox closes which only applies to new cookies and follows whitelist rules .
it 's a bizarre phenomenon that nobody has figured out yet .
and again that will result in them only being able to peek after about 5 secs wich shouls give the t side enough time to flash the awper and kill him after that .
also a good aimer would still be able to kill the awper if he just holds an off angle on the awper .
and dont come to me saying that isnt possible just watch some vods from before the awp nerf and you will know .
ah it might suck not getting as high as you would have liked but it 's a whole lot better than having a bad reaction and having
i think in america if something is good then more must be better..like super-size food..drugs.. its an idea of too much need for pleasure and not recognizing self control with temptation..
i guess the email address is on their site .
the new 1080 laptop from msi gt73 does not have g-sync but my gt72 has g-sync
i did n't use it long enough on my face to see any brightening effects i 'm afraid .
i use other licorice products which help with brightening so it 's hard to say if a new product contributes to it .
i ca n't decide what my favorite part about it was .
maybe it was the fact garnet did literally nothing .
or how about when they spent multiple episodes on an amethyst arch that was so predictable it was boring .
or what about when they showed interest in making a villain interesting only to reduce her to a i want to be evil because '' character to satisfy the aforementioned boring amethyst arch i also really enjoyed how hey took what could have been a group of very interesting characters who are very important to the lore of the show and turned them into idiots who can get tricked into playing baseball or are stupid enough to try and kill the one person keeping them alive in the vacuum of space .
what about the fact the relationship i cared about the most had a one episode arch at the start of the season and then was kept to the background the whole time ?
or when the season started by wrapping up the huge plot from last season in one anti-climactic episode ?
or how about the fact that there were only two episodes i believe were up to the standard of the previous two seasons and one of them was a filler .
seriously i know i 'm going to get downvoted to hell for this but dear god was this season awful .
the writing on this show has gotten so bad .
like for example they just introduced this huge twist about how rose killed pink diamond but why should i care anymore ?
clearly the gems of homeworld are stupid enough to be tricked into playing games of fucking baseball against the gems they 're looking for and the diamonds themselves are stupid enough to send a team that awful .
how do i know that pink diamond did n't just trip and fall into rose and shatter herself ?
last season they spent so many episodes building that drill to destroy the cluster and this season wraps it up with one anti-climactic episode .
and on top of that they have multiple episodes related to boring archs like amethysts .
we get it she 's going to discover she does n't need to be stronger then jasper and she 's unique and that 's what counts that was clearly the ending of her arch since the first episode about it .
but instead of devoting multiple episodes to an interesting character development like pearl learning to accept greg we get just episode after episode of amethyst moping around while other characters confirm she does n't need to be the strongest until finally we get a conclusion where amethyst learns guess what she does n't need to be stronger then jasper .
i felt like i wasted my life sitting through those episodes .
it was so clearly laid out from start to finish .
but rather then give us interesting character development this is what the writers decide to give us .
now like i said earlier there were good episodes mr. greg was one of my favorite episodes of anything ever .
but great episodes like mr. greg just makes me more pissed off at the quality of this season .
if the writers can still write classic like that what 's stopping them from giving us more interesting character developments and more real emotions and people rather then idiotic goons ?
i know some people disagree with me but i honestly believe that if the writing keeps going this direction the hardcore fans will seriously start to notice .
this season seems to be the first step towards completely changing the show from what it used to be .
no longer an interesting show full of three dimensional characters interesting lore and struggles we can care about but another sci-fi kids show with good art and music .
you have to keep up paying shit or else you wo n't have electricity food or be living in the streets and the worst part is nobody gives a fuck .
that makes you a slave to the system because they know you need the money to survive so you keep your mouth shut and obey orders making sure you are n't really you and be like every other conformist .
ca n't i just live in peace and be happy ?
is it that much of a luxury to be living comfortably ?
hey ive played a tank or a dps for years now and never played a healer .
however for legion i will be having a healing alt .
so i was wondering what good resources there are to learn about healing espically in raids .
i do n't mind the format written video forums anything or length .
if this is the wrong type of place to post then i 'll remove
if you have ever done a successful trade with me in the past or trust me as a middleman please comment below .
i got a choice to stay in either for a day and was wondering which one you think is better and why ?
i mean he 's just a kid and he was brutally killed just makes me feel like the killer would n't mind killing children just to make a point .
if they had the kid zip from fallout 3 in nuka world as the raider leader and he spoke just as fast as he used to .
edit sorry if this has already been posted i 've just had my head buried in the trailer since it came out
i just got out of college and have a related job and i 'm looking to transition my bank from alabama to somewhere local !
i actually have no idea what determines a good bank from a bad bank to be honest but i am needing one in the red bank hixson or chatt area !
over the past few weeks i have been designing a console-like case for the raspberry pi .
i have a background in electrical engineering so i thought it will be quite fun to try and pack lots of features into a single pcb that plugs into the raspberry pi .
a powered usb hub with 3 normal ports and a high current charging port .
power distribution system with automatic shutdown and power on circuits assisted by front panel hardware buttons .
one of them will shut down and power up the system from stand by mode and the other will serve as a programmable hardware button that can do anything you want it to reset the game enter retroarch menu rewind save state etc .
2 snes ports at the front of the console connected trough a custom usb interface .
this would make the snes controllers plug play '' and would allow the case to be used with multiple micro computers not just the raspberry pi .
this port would allow you to connect the tiny console to a pc or mac and use the front snes controllers to play and enjoy games on any other computer .
each time you boot up a different console light strips at the top of the console would light up in different ways depending on the console you chose if you choose to play snes for example the leds would display it 's signature yellow green red and blue colors
in addition the console would be made out of matte plastic with real wood side panels giving it a retro and at the same time modern look .
my problem here is simple i do n't know whether or not i should continue with the design of this console/case .
i have chosen to use high quality electronic components in my design like the usb hub driver ics overcurrent protection circuits and usb controller drivers which have driven the projected manufacturing cost a bit high .
the projected cost of one unit would be anywhere from 90 to 120 dollars not including the raspberry pi .
i have also noticed many of you on the retropie forums and reddit have asked if there are any good raspberry pi cases out there and failed to find them .
here 's my question for you guys would you buy it ?
the price is a bit high but you 'd be getting a quality product .
i do n't aim to bother anyone i just want your suggestions any help would be greatly appreciated .
rt carlosvv18 ⚽️bet 4⚽ ap lks lodz u19 jagiellonia bialystok u19 jagiellonia to score 2nd goal £56.6 £79,24 inplay betting challengebycarlos http twitter.com/caslllasmariah
hello everyone ☕️☕️ plan for today 2 daily accumulators wednesday previews inplay betting at least 7-8 picks like rt to start 👊 http twitter.com/bettingtips4yo
rt carlosvv18 ⚽️bet 4⚽ ap lks lodz u19 jagiellonia bialystok u19 jagiellonia to score 2nd goal £56.6 £79,24 inplay betting challengebycarlos http twitter.com/fppaolantonl
rt carlosvv18 ⚽️bet 4⚽ ap lks lodz u19 jagiellonia bialystok u19 jagiellonia to score 2nd goal £56.6 £79,24 inplay betting challengebycarlos http twitter.com/phamlshb
rt carlosvv18 ⚽️bet 4⚽ ap lks lodz u19 jagiellonia bialystok u19 jagiellonia to score 2nd goal £56.6 £79,24 inplay betting challengebycarlos http twitter.com/strat6s99
rt carlosvv18 ⚽️bet 4⚽ ap lks lodz u19 jagiellonia bialystok u19 jagiellonia to score 2nd goal £56.6 £79,24 inplay betting challengebycarlos http twitter.com/slr\_scatman
rt carlosvv18 ⚽️bet 4⚽ ap lks lodz u19 jagiellonia bialystok u19 jagiellonia to score 2nd goal £56.6 £79,24 inplay betting challengebycarlos http twitter.com/alhumald\_s
rt carlosvv18 ⚽️bet 4⚽ ap lks lodz u19 jagiellonia bialystok u19 jagiellonia to score 2nd goal £56.6 £79,24 inplay betting challengebycarlos http twitter.com/tar0tbymegan
🌟 inplay 🌟 olympic fc u20 ame over 0.5 fh goals odds 1.44 stake 🌟🌟 🌟 http twitter.com/tipsterblack
rt carlosvv18 ⚽️bet 4⚽ ap lks lodz u19 jagiellonia bialystok u19 jagiellonia to score 2nd goal £56.6 £79,24 inplay betting challengebycarlos http twitter.com/soypersegulda
inplay bahis livebet olympic fc u20 redlans united u20 fh over 0.5 🍀 price 1.35 💰 confidence 🌟🌟 http twitter.com/sntmn07
inplay bahis livebet heidelberg utd u21 port melbourne u21 fh over 0.5 🍀 price 1.50 💰 confidence 🌟 http twitter.com/sntmn07
⚽️⚽️ inplay ⚽️⚽️ bentleigh greens v green gully australia victoria cup 10:30am tip over 0.5 first half goals stake 🌟🌟 odds 1.90 http twitter.com/anonymoustips24
👀 looking for inplay expecting opportunities to arise within the next hour but we shall wait it out .
⚽️⚽️ inplay ⚽️⚽️ olympic fc v redlands united australia queensland 10:30am tip olympic fc wins the match stake 🌟🌟🌟 odds 1.50 http twitter.com/anonymoustips24
so ive been making an australian thales hawkei for arma ive got the exterior high poly 100 done interior high poly 98 done and the exterior low poly 100 done .
so i thought why not try make it drive able aye ?
now ive got it ingame you can drive it and all that but none of the wheels turn .
ive spent a few weeks now trying to fix it but i cant find out how ive got a visual lod memory lod geo lod hit points geo physx .
ive got the config and model scripts sounds all that good stuff but for some reason the wheels wont turn ?
ive checked the selections for the wheels about 5 times now and they match in the model.cfg .
what im thinking is that its a model.cfg problem because its as if the animation for the wheels just isnt playing .
if anyone might know whats wrong either reply to this thread or add me on steam names yoilon i should be the only one there with that spelling
p.s i was using game dev byrne 's tutorial series to get it in game .
some people have installed front bull bars on their mk4 's but i ca n't find anything for a mk6 jetta .
recently i 've been seeing a lot of pictures and video with what looks like people pointing their cpu cooler toward the front of the case i guess setting up cross-flow with the front fans .
traditional logic dictates that the air flow in from the bottom and front and out the back and top so the cpu cooler traditionally should face the back or the top .
i kind of get why it might be necessary or even only possible to point it front in a mini-itx case but how does this impact airflow and is there any benefit to this configuration ?
i 'm wondering because i 've even seen it in full size cases and it seems odd to me .
vanilla minor tweaks to the vanilla minecraft experience such as golden heads ore limiter enderpearl damage removal etc .
my timzone is utc 9:00 but i tend to be on whenever i can so i encourage any timezone to add me !
my name is aya （綾）i like to play some games !
som of th games i play are b attlefield 4 battlefront gta v and assassin creed unity/black flag !
i think it would be really fun if i had others to play it with .
i dont have a microphone unfortunately but ill still do my best to keep up in chat .
a few idea 's i have in mind are that we could all co-operate and have teamwork !
we could even be a knife squad in battlefield !
in battlefront we can occupy corners and and tactically move along ... the ideas ar endless !
umm i dont really mind who you are and how old you are i just want to play with multiple people !
oh and you can add me aya kaname '' is my gt
i 'm having some friends over for a whiskey tasting soon .
the group likes whiskey probably leaning more towards scotch but they 're fairly casual drinkers .
i 'm thinking of the lineup below with the goal of letting them successfully taste certain flavors and distinguish between different whiskies .
mellow corn my thought is that this would help highlight the corn flavor in bourbon .
is it crazy to include mellow corn in a tasting ?
this is probably the biggest question mark for me .
weller 12 and old rip van winkle to show two different expressions of the same mash bill .
i do n't think any/most of them know about the bt mash bills plus i think they 'll get a kick out of tasting something from the van winkle family .
rendezvous rye and midwinter night 's dram to show rye flavors and the effect that barrel finishing can have .
i 've been mountain biking pretty regularly in ne ohio for the past 6 years or so .
i race in an amateur league for fun 4 a year at the most just in beginner but i certainly 'trail ride ' the most .
i 've been on a cannondale sl 4 for the past 4-5 years .
it has been a great bike but its definitely time to move on from it .
i now find myself torn on what type of bike to pick .
i was looking at a specialized crave expert recommendation from my brother who is more into racing and now its called the epic hard tail .
after having done some research seems like xc are n't viewed too kindly here .
i have a cannondale synapse 6 tiagra which i love riding on the road the damn thing is just so efficient and always feels great .
the idea of having a mtb with a more aggressive riding position like that is certainly appealing to me .
with that said still not sure if i 'd be better off with that or a more modern trail bike .
majority of the trails here are fast and flowy not very technical .
there are some rocky trails out here that i like to ride now and then and longer trails too like mohican state park 24 miles .
most of my mtb rides average 10-20 miles i 'd say and i 'm more often on fast/smooth trails than slow/technical .
i do like the idea of a faster/more efficient bike .
for my budget i 'm looking at up to about 2k .
pretty neat to see the sport get some exposure outside of the other olympic sports !
i 've got 500 hours have a mic and willing to download whatever voice client is needed .
i 'm binge watching season 5-6 and noticing that in college lip always ends a scene with being late to something whether it 's a class turning in an assignment work shift or picking up someone or meeting someone .
i probably would n't notice it if i watched an episode a week as it aired but this is just bad writing at this point especially with amanda making him that rad schedule !
so there is the 7 year guideline for tax related stuff .
i have detailed records going back to 1999 and some earlier .
ira contributions brokerage account statements bank statements tax returns .
i 've cut it down to nothing but it still takes 3 filing cabinet drawers .
can i really toss everything more than 7 years old ?
will the tax laws change and make me regret not hanging on to my 1999 roth ira contribution records to a company which is now out of business ?
17 m so ... today i just realized that even though i 'm unattractive both physically and personality wise it 's not honestly a huge deal for me .
i mean ... i realized do i really need a relationship in my life ?
and i realized that i was only nervous around girls because i wanted them to like me but i was n't sure if they did .
so weirdly enough if i give up on my pursuit of the opposite sex i 'll be more natural and confident around them .
heck in an ironic twist maybe they 'll like me more because of that .
i do n't need a relationship to be happy .
i do n't need girls to think i 'm 'cute ' or whatever to be a good person .
and if a girl ends up liking me ... well that would be nice .
do you guys think i 'm making a wise choice here ?
assuming you 're adding calories back in in a controlled manner after a cut is it normal to look kind of dyel while your body is transitioning ?
i 've been eating at my temporary adjusted maintenance for the past few weeks from this http rippedbody.com/finding-calorie-maintenance site and am about a pound heavier than i was at the end of my cut based on averages .
i feel like i look like i gained 5 pounds .
is this something that will go away once my body gets adjusted to the new caloric intake and i start adding muscle again ?
i saw a few mentions of a marvel graphic novels buy 2 get 3rd free sale .
if not are there any sales currently worth wild ?
hello i am from around the syracuse area about 45 mins north of it and have this site to choose a mattress from .
the watertown store is probably closer now that i think of it .
what are the best brands i can get from a store like this or
i understand it will be personal preference for feel but i am looking for quality that will last a good amount of years .
i 'm an art school student and i 'm working on a kinetic sculpture .
here is a gif of it in its current state http imgur.com/gallery/e7gc7x7
i made an imgur album explaining my problem and i 'm sure this is very easy for a mechanical engineer but i 've been stuck on this for a few weeks now and would really appreciate some help .
basically i 'm trying to wind up the pendulum and i need to figure out how much torque my motor will need in order to function properly .
thank very much to anyone who will give this a thought !
i 've been trying to make lydia use conjuration spells that i teach her .
first i gave her necromancer robes and taught her conjure familiar .
then i went to her eff menu and went to command more combat mage but she 's trying to fight with her fists !
edit here 's my modlist http pastebin.com/bv4mytc3 since the posting rules require it that i got from mo 's modlist.txt but i think the order is in reverse though mods closer to the top replace those below it .
game freezes when getting out of moving cars jumping from hills or mountains .
there 's a song on that album called trophy widow '' which is clearly about harley and has a lyric of i 'll be perched in the front seat awaiting my lover to crash '' .
note i got this idea from a post on r/worldproblems and thought i 'd ask it here too .
my question is about plagiarism in ias and ees and this stuff .
do they allow us to pass with for example like 5 plagiarism or if we have 1 sentence plagiarised then we will fail ?
i am asking because what if accidentally took someone 's idea or what if it is a coincidence ?
the men of babylon have crossed the border into persia .
they are said to be marching straight toward the population centers of the faltering persian socialists .
the prophet mohammed is said to lead these fores into a predominately muslim region to bring fear and reverence before the armies of marduk .
rotation is prime verlander arrieta thor lester right now trying to fill in the 4th and after doing verlander kind of like doing the missions..
rest of my team is cf prime ichiro lf bryant 1b rizzo 3b donaldson rf cargo 2b cano c created player ss seager
so this guy was trolling '' me in a comment chat to be honest i lost interest half way through so i have been copying and pasting movie quotes and other dumb stuff just to see when he will realize ...
the first quote was the microsoft ai chat bot that went crazy and the second quote from the screen shot is from the movie four lions .
edited changed the image to blur out names also i 'll keep you guys updated if you guys are interested .
hey guys so ive tried 3 different kinds of pangea on my baby gecko he may be eating and i just cant tell but i dont think he is .
when i handle him he will lap up about a teaspoon of cgd out of a gatorade cap or a little stick but he doesnt ever seem to want to go chow down while hes in his cage ive never seen lap marks on his food and i even stopped trying to hand feed him and left him alone with no handling for like a week and he seemed to get skinnier and lethargic i spray him 3 to 4 times a day and he always has water to drink and temp seems alright he also loveeees to hunt crickets i take him out and put him in a shoebox with one at a time dusted and he hunts them down .
just wondering if anyone experienced this behavior and how i can change it .
hes only about 5 or 6 months old if that helps any and hes in a 10 gallon with tons to climb and hide in im going to switch to a vert terrarium when he gets bigger
i started riding almost a month ago and despite that i get still really anxious/nervous 30 minutes to an hour prior to my ride and it lasts up until i actually get on my bike and start peddling .
i 'm not concerned or worried about anything happening i just get anxious .
... but i ca n't for the life of me remember what it is .
did anyone else notice how many times they mentioned the face that runs the place '' during the main event on sd tonight ?
they 're really trying to make it a thing .
i lost my guy and am coming up on dankrupt .
been waiting for this game since i heard about it .
sadly i do not have the fund 's to pledge due to medical bills but i really would like to play just a little bit of the game .
i know alpha has not been released but do you plan to have a free open beta ?
eventually i will be able to buy the game just so excited !
adult clan seeking cool stoners 🍁 to join chill clan .
we war often but you do n't have to just opt in/out as needed .
we are not competitive but we like to win wars .
if you opt into war take both battles do your best .
we love to joke around talk shit but we are respectful and mature .
we are a diverse group hailing from all around the world .
if you are a bigot please do n't join should n't have to say it but apparently i do .
we are very chill and would love to have some cool music loving hippies join !
important please let us know you are from reddit or mention your favorite musician/band in the request since we will reject unknowns if we are warring .
there 's a glitch in the screenshots and all the knives have the gut bp name tag lol m9 is named tiger claw '' and kara is karambae '' .
i have had occasional acid that collects in my throat when i sleep .
i have done suggestions i found online such as raise my pillow to prevent it and i have had some success however today when i woke up there was a small amount of blood in my mouth .
i dont know the cause of the acid and it seems to occur randomly .
do i need to make an appointment and have some tests done ?
currently trying to finish my ultimate ng+6 playthrough and i 've hit a wall in the form of ludwig .
up to this point no other boss has troubled me only dying once or twice in the whole playthrough up to this point .
but ludwig makes me reconsider my level pacing for this character currently at bl 194 i feel extremely underpowered being killed in one hit despite having 65 vitality and 15 hp runes .
i 'm using the rakuyo and my damage is simply not good enough in my eyes as i can survive for a very long time until i 'm out of vials but my damage is not enough to kill him by this point .
my idea is that i 'm underlevelled but levelling up at this point is redundant since i 've hit the caps for most stats .
okay so i 'm a 25 year old male about 3 or 4 years ago i meet this woman 22 now on twitter we bonded over shared experiences and the fact she was fairly close to me 3 hours away we hung out when ever she was in my city but that was n't often .
the more we talked we came really close and developed mutual romantic and sexual interest in each other which put serious strain on our friendship when me and her new gf 24 got into .
because of that we did n't talk for about 6 months untill she contacted me with a problem of her 's .
her gf had split from her because she had became an out of control sex addict .
concerned me and her now ex who is still a close friend of hers settled our differences and shared back and forth the stories to stay more informed on the situation .
she recently found out that we had been sharing notes and just cussed me out for telling her business and talking behind her back .
but was it really the wrong thing to do .
me 25 and my bestfriend ' 22 f s ex girlfriend 24 shared notes on her sex addiction behind her back and she 's now upset we betrayed her trust were we wrong ?
i recently attempted to have my xbox repaired no longer reading physical media bad drive .
this xbox was a day one issue with and extended warranty .
i received my xbox one back today with a note that the repair was denied because the xbox was opened/modified or tampered with .
upon inspection of the xbox it 's side was ripped off and front panel was peeled away from the bottom of the unit .
i did not send the unit into support in that condition again bad disc drive with an extended 3 yr warranty .
has anybody ran into this problem and was there a resolution ?
is there another channel for this type of support ?
yes i did recall support and i 'm hoping to talk to higher operations .
skip to the last paragraph for the tl dr .
i live in a city of 330,000 in a pretty rural prefecture of japan .
in the residential areas round my house there are some good spawn points but the general fare is pidgeys rattatas and weedles .
last weekend we visited my mother in law in a much smaller town of less than 10,000 .
the first thing i noticed was stuff that i would usually consider to be rare sandshrew ponyta machop appearing much more frequently .
i suppose this may be normal different areas have different common and rare spawns .
eventually the spawns threw up stuff i had never even seen before kabuto and omanyte .
i figure this is due to being next to the coast .
since it 's a quiet small town we were able to drive around to track down pokémon on the tracker .
unfortunately walking is not an option as the streets are quite winding and you often have to drive all over before you find the right spawn .
i can only assume that niantic imagines tracking in an open park or at least a grid system .
after a while we decided to do incense at the same time .
i was driving while my brother used both our phones .
my brother 's incense started with a dratini and followed up with four or five magikarp .
meanwhile mine threw up various random stuff but nothing special .
i tried another one and ended up getting all three starters by the end of the incense !
these are far and away the best incenses we 've ever had .
we 're planning on going back for more in a few days .
either it does n't care about the gun and it should have recycled in ages ago or it views it as a historical object and it should have been reluctant to give it away .
either way zakalwe would have been satisfied with a copy .
he did n't care how old the gun was he just liked it because it was more bulky than modern culture weaponry .
i 'm looking to pair this with an asus pb278q .
it 'd really be great if you had one of those or a pa279q but any ips will do .
i 'm doing a lot of photoshop work so the more color accurate/professinal oriented the better i 'm not using this for competitive cs go .
tell me what you got in the comments local would be great around charlotte .
i 'm willing to do shipping if it is n't too expensive .
the key to a lasting marriage was fighting constantly in the right ways .
this was the philosophy that ser faena tiercel and her husband lozarno had apparently taken as they spent most mornings nowadays training and dueling with one another and any others that wished to join in .
it kept them both sharp on their feet and gave them a chance to chat when they might not normally do so .
today the only guest was hildi merlyns masked in simple wood .
she had chosen to not train alongside them today instead simply watching as the two great swordsfolks pulled every trick they had learned against one another .
lozarno insisted that it made her slow and bulky and she had taken to not using it during at least parts of the morning training .
while she was by no means inadequate in her armor taking it off was like taking off sandbags or switching a weighted sword for an unweighted one .
in fact she had yet to win such an unarmored brawl .
she hoped she might reach his speed some day but did n't assume she would .
she was the squire facing a master in the same way he would be if she demanded he put on armor .
as they launched into another bout her mind wandered .
when she was younger she had trained without armor only sword and shield .
despite her youth and speed ser ase had been oh so much faster with her training and skill .
ser ase used and axe and yet she could make the blade of that simple tool move with suprising speed and agility .
it had taken years for ser faena to beat her knightly master in anything let alone an even fight .
ser ase had grown so weak over the years .
since the death of meldred ser faena could beat her regularly .
then ser ase could n't even hardly train anymore .
ser faena remembered the old knights disdain her loathing of her old frame as it betrayed her .
ser faena found herself sniffling and snorted to clear it away .
her husband had long since stopped truly trying to defeat her instead simply toying with her as her mind wandered but he grew concerned as her blows struck harder .
of course ser ase 's mind had to go someday .
she had hardly remembered ser faena 's name in the end .
she just kept babbling about how much she loved ser faena but what did that even mean ?
how could she claim to love her sort of daughter if she did n't remember anything about her ?
her constant failures at nearly every tourney every melee every everything she 'd done ?
ser faena hit harder and harder swinging with increasing abandon as tears threatened to stream down her face .
lozarno not desiring to strike his wife in this state and utterly confused started to back away .
of course ser ase had forgotten ser faena she had wanted too .
all that blather and talk of love just to preserve her feelings because ser ase was the person ser faena could n't be .
left her mind left her squire left her daughter and granddaughter left everything .
she had fought so hard for so long how could she just give up ?
just leave them all with corpse to bury and nothing else ?
how could she abandon faena leave her alone again ?
ser faena startled as she felt an arm hold hers back .
she whirled to face her assailant to find hildi young and yet strong enough to hold the tiny dornishwoman back from landing another blow .
she turned back to see her husband lozarno backed against a wall and shivering in fear and confusion sword wavering in exhaustion from defending against her brutal onslaught .
most disturbing of all were the tears that dripped down her face the snot that bunch and at long last the tiny reedy choke that she had been keeping in since the funeral .
she dropped her sword and fled before anybody else could see her shame .
she was left alone that day and night to choke and sulk .
in the morning she found herself awoken by yrsa crawling into her bed and embracing her which only brought forward more tears .
dumb mute she was she could n't even cry right for ser ase .
but at least with yrsa she did n't feel quite so ashamed of that .
two days later ser faena returned to training the sadness not gone but forced down deep inside of her once more .
i 've read the entire summary all 216 comments and have searched youtube and google for how to do it and am still confused .
should i just use the stock fan or would it be worth it to buy a radial fan and which stl files should i print depending on whether i use the stock fan or the radial fan ?
i read comments about pid tuning and was completely confused .
is there tutorials for all this online that i 'm just not searching the right keywords or something ?
yaa gyasi was born in ghana and raised in huntsville alabama .
she is a graduate of the iowa writers ' workshop where she held a dean 's graduate research fellowship .
her short stories have appeared in african american review and callaloo .
her debut novel is the homegoing knopf june 2016 .
napa premium motor oil i no longer use this type of oil so it is all yours .
what if we have been taking what everyone says a little too far and there are in fact force users but they arent necessarily jedi ?
this came to me when i was looking at donnie yen 's character in rogue one he is clearly not a jedi but could have the force .
is it possible there were force users that somewhat developed their powers and used them to fight the empire ?
approx 5 ' x 4 ' of 7/16 '' osb plus a few smaller pieces .
just wondering if these will be available in canada .
i do n't think any other wnw le items were available here but did anyone hear anything about the fall products specifically ?
myself and many other overwatch players have been experiencing a bug that causes player models to not load untill you are sometimes 5 or 6 minutes into a match .
it is very frustrating as you are basially useless to your team during this time period .
there is a thread about the bug on the blizzard forums over at
a blizzard employee says that this is caused by outdated graphic drivers but many report still having this issue after updating .
after this response blizzard has said nothing about the issue still affecting many players including myself .
i just want this to be fixed so i can play the game without worrying about loading in time to actually help my team .
if anyone has had this problem and fixed it please let me know .
i 've been really enjoying owning my mossberg 500 i have n't had the pleasure to go hunting as of lately with it but i really enjoy the entire experience of owning a gun/shooting/doing maintenance .
i currently live in california and would like to purchase a gun that 's more fun for shooting something i can bring to a gun range .
i was initially eying the mossberg 715t then i realized it was a waste of money .
after this i started looking into a dpms ar-15 or a s w m p 15-22 22lr .
i would consider getting the s w because it 's easy to get in california i can just goto my local big5 and pick one up for 450 .
the small caliber seems fun for plinking/bringing it to the range and so far getting an ar-15 in california seems like an extreme hassle .
i would really like to own some kind of tactical/modifiable rifle but i 'm not sure if it 's even worth putting the money in since i live in california .
the dpms looks fun as hell also .50 cents a bullet is affordable enough with a lot fun factor to it .
but again with all the regulations in califronia for an ar-15 and the hassle it would be to get it would have to drive 110 miles to goto the closest gun store that sells one .
i got my mossberg 500 used for 200 and just cleaned all the gunk out myself and i 'm having trouble looking for a used ar .
anyone have any insights on this or have been in a similar situation ?
so about 5 months ago i had really strong legs .
now i 'm back in and i just ca n't get ass to grass on my squats anymore .
i 'm doing goblet squats i can do the bar at 100lbs but it 's more painful especially the first few sets when i work up to the weight .
what 's the most effective mobility plan i can do to improve my leg mobility ?
and my muscles are n't protecting my knees anymore .
i do n't care who 's around because they 're not gon na stop me .
i 'm going to rip off what ever you 're wearing and stick my dick in wherever i want .
im going to tske what i want and how i want it .
your only option is where will you be raped .
it could be on a date or at a nightclub .
but i will fuck you whether you want it or not .
also i want this to take place in front of someone .
so there you have it ladies pm with your kinks and limits .
or if you want to chat about one the most popular fantasies that 's fine .
also please include a description of what you 're wearing when you respond
could n't find anything about this one in the patch notes .
i read that t13 is 8 16 with bonus is that correct ?
it was so hard last night mentally and my penis i had urges so strong i though i was about to relapse i took my phone and started to look for porn files luckily there was none and internet was off .
it took me ages to fall asleep i slept for like 3 hours with boners throughout the night i was producing more precum then usual it was so annoying .
i woke up with urges i looked at the time and told myself you missed you workout let 's go watch porn .
i got up and went to turn on the internet then i realized it was way earlier then i thought i looked at the time wrong😂 .
i was no common you can beat this addiction i went to the toilet to locate my pelvis muscle for kegel exercise .
i kinda happy with that muscle its pretty strong and i use to use that muscle before when wanking .
does anyone know or recommend level exercises to prevent pe .
i 'm so confident that when 100 days is over i 'm going to find the right girl and she 's going to enjoy it yes she .
if you ca n't clear the nightmare now it will come back at fixed times when the next nightmare is added . ''
is it true for the previous beta one too ?
since ffx nightmare is open should n't the beta bosses be here as well ?
this is the very first time i 'm steering away from mainstream brands such as logitech to purchase other systems that 'll give me more value .
i have no knowledge about audio and systems so i 've come to reddit for help .
i have an approximate budget of aud 500 600 and i am looking for a 2.1 setup for my computer .
it 'll be used for games music and movies .
i 've been recommended the q acoustics 3020 smsl q5 pro however i have no idea which subwoofer to get .
the speakers and amp together cost about aud 480 however i am happy to go over my budget if need be .
what do you think about the q acoustics 3020 smsl q5 pro ?
can i get a decent subwoofer that will take my total to approximately aud 600 ?
if not how much more do i have to spend to get a good one ?
so i 'm just playing the game like normal went back to the start realm 1 to farm with an entirely new team made from breeding and i come across a treasure golem and i start thinking to myself 'hey i can finally do enough damage before he runs away ' so i fight and burst him down before he can run i go through the ending sequence i get the materials and then it shows me a text bubble saying something very heartbreaking along the lines of 'he looks into your eyes as the life passes from his body ' and then a lot of materials pop up .
not saying i 'm sorry for killing him but i did n't expect it to happen like that .
i 'm honestly happy with how this game rewards you with little gems by reading the text .
anyone else here a fan of the dc you era doctor fate series ?
i personally like it and while it is a slow burn it makes the often confusing character that fate is much more relatable and understandable .
also it was a book about rebirth before rebirth began !
while playing and holding long notes i find myself consistently running out of bow space trying to hold good sounding notes .
should i be planning how to bow on the notes prior to end up with enough space ?
after the summer bonus episode came out i tried to get the perfectionist '' achievement but it just refused to unlock .
i 've since completed sa/so runs on both the icon and ahbos but the achievement still has n't popped .
anyone else had this problem or know of any solutions ?
i 'm going to try ahbos again tonight before jumping into bangkok just in case the new update fixed it .
so i 've had my h440 for a while now .
it 's the black edition with the red highlights .
but as i 've had this design for a while now i 'm currently updating my hardware and i 'm trying to get a really simplistic black and white vibe along with rgb lighting to highlight everything depending my mood .
i was wondering if there was anywhere i could buy some plain black panels for the front and top in order to replace the red highlights or purchase a complete set ?
i have the money to do so but i 'm assuming this is n't really a common issue .
i 'm even tempted to buy white and black panels instead if there was anywhere i could buy them .
two of my friends ' power went out and the skype call disconnected .
after their power went out they '' called us .
the two people that disconnected were texting creepy things like do n't hang up again '' and you think this is a game . ''
but when we talked to our friends the next day they said it was n't them they were also freaked out too like we were and they are terrible lairs so we are almost positive it was n't a prank .
and a video or picture of a figure ... had long hair maybe a girl standing in the back of the room .
this figure left and rejoined the call multiple times and showed screens of the ceiling .
why is it so painful for humanity to let people live their lives as they see fit ?
if you want to sleep with a boy girl trans a pile of meat an apple pie your bike or whatever the fuck you please as long as you do n't hurt anybody do it !
for fuck 's sake it does n't change ones personality !
if you have a dick or a vagina or something completely else between your legs it does n't effect your character your intelligence your talents !
and it sure as hell does n't effect me least of all those right-wing imbeciles !
this is n't too hard to get is it ?
so either we are surrounded by satans apprentices or simple-minded morons .
where is that fucking asteroid when you fucking need one ? ?
where do i get the unevolved green chaser for summer meimei evolution ?
padx says it can come in pem but it is probably not updated and the one in pem is the evolved version .
is it ever explained book or show why the crossing at the twins is the only crossing of the green fork ?
i 've tried to figure out why the tullys never commissioned another one somewhere outside of frey lands .
as a literary piece it makes sense but surely motivations of the characters go against leaving essentially a bridge troll in charge of the most imperative crossing in westeros .
if you are really upset or happy with the game write a review on steam .
be honest and write what you like and do n't like about the game and give it a thumbs up/down dependend on your opinion .
you can also always write a second review in like a month or so if your mind has changed nothing is permanent .
right click on dead by daylight in steam and then click write a review .
maybe this would translate to pc also but i would love it if there was a way to turn off aim assist for the barrage only .
although you have to lead shots with pharah i find aim assist helpful .
but when you 've got the whole team right in front of you and you 're ulting it 's basically impossible to turn around hit somebody behind you cause the assist is locked the hell on all the others .
i 'm roy and i live in phoenix arizona .
i 've been here for about 2 1/2 years now and i have to say arizona is such a beautiful place .
anyway i wo n't be doing much tonight so i figured i 'd post my username up here so i could meet new people .
just do n't be too weird haha add me !
lately when i 've played gp i 've started building the pro build wish is all out armor pen which i found very usefull and when i have 6 items i sell boots for ie but i would like to see when you go the crit build or what you guys favorite build is on him .
and sorry for my bad english its not my main language
is 19623 want an orchynx and got a male eletux !
would n't it be cool if anticipation was baseline with outlaw i feel like i 'm wasting a lot of combo point with the current setup .
i know it sounds weird but hear me out here .
say i really want to play mayhem clash but mayhem clash is n't available as a normal playlist this week and i do n't have 11 friends online who also want to play mayhem clash .
i would love to be able to start a private match of mayhem clash either alone or with one or two friends that anyone could join via matchmaking .
any people in my fireteam would get the same rewards as in a normal private match less rep only blues drop etc .
anyone who matchmade in would get standard crucible rewards since they did n't necessarily choose the match type purples can drop normal rep etc ...
there would need to be a new option to search for existing private matches and match parameters would be displayed on load for anyone who matchmade in .
this would enable solo players to get maximum benefit from private matchmaking because you could start a private match '' with whatever parameters you want and anyone could join it from matchmaking .
just a crazy idea but i 'm very excited that we will have private matches at all .
i got a job as a co in the county jail near me i 've been here about 4 months but i 'm struggling getting into the grove of things what 's the best advice you can give for remembering routines and the task given as co 's ?
i 've been playing unison for quite a while and got up to level 89 .
i decided to uninstall after when guild wars and the colosseum first became a thing due to the stresses and dramas in our guild .
now after what feels like a year i 've decided to give it another try because other games do n't feel the same and do n't give off the same feels when hitting a 5 alice unison op nerf pls .
i 'm a dragon lancer clocking at 101k gear score .
she needs a perk that really makes her viable .
jake with sabo claudette with self heal meg with sprint burst
without a good defining perk she 'll be another dwight that no serious survivor bothers putting bp into .
a good perk would be not my own idea let go of me
a seasoned tagger has had more than 1 run in with the cops .
wiggling out of the killers grasp is 12/24/36 percent faster and wiggling out stuns the killer for 0/1/2 seconds .
hey guys i am rust solo player in search of a group that would like to add me i am fairly active and i am open to farming and have love fps/survival games all my life .
i will respond in max of one days time .
this is the first time i 'm talking to anyone about this .
i feel like it 's time to get this out in the open .
i 've been on the wrong side of this since i discovered porn when i was 12 .
it was n't bad throughout high school but four years away at college quickly turned this into an addiction .
opportunities for relationships passed me by because i could n't get it together .
periods of self-imposed isolation due to this addiction only furthered the tailspin i was in .
my confidence was never high enough nor was my mind in the right state to ever even think about a romantic relationship .
my addiction caused me to isolate myself and become more introverted as time went on .
i can name more porn stars '' than i care to admit and i ca n't even begin to say how ashamed i am because of that fact .
i 've been in a major tailspin as of late my confidence has been deteriorating even further .
my loneliness has skyrocketed after moving back home after graduation went to school in illinois live in michigan .
i need this change now more than ever as i enter the post-college world .
i 'm only 22 and i 've let this burn for 10 years so now it 's time to fight the fire .
i know i need to kick this habit to make a better life going forward both for myself and for everyone who knows and loves me .
my previous attempts have been fruitless so here 's to making a change once and for all !
any advice in going forward with this is welcomed .
i have recently purchased this pair to replace my old skullcandy ti which was falling apart .
i am by no means an audiophile and i do n't have very little experience with pc audio .
what specific frequencies should be adjusted for these headphones ?
it seems that they are very similar in sound quality to the superlux hd681/668 .
i am using equalizer apo with the peace plugin .
i levelled my attack skill i am now level 87 .
i 've failed so many times i 've honestly lost count .
i attribute my failures to not taking steps to improve my intended outcome 90 day streak .
when i started nofap i had this idea that as long as i had the willpower i would be able to make it to 90 days .
i 've realized overtime that willpower is a very small component in addressing pmo .
with willpower we are trying to consciously prevent ourselves from taking an action instead of addressing the externalities that may be influencing pmo .
willpower alone wo n't improve our odds of success .
we need to see nofap as a science experiment and try to evaluate the variables contributing to the outcome .
hypothesize what factors my be contributing to a relapse change those factors and evaluate the results .
continue to iterate your strategy to improve your results .
for me drinking and smoking were catalysts to my anxiety depression that increased my odds of relapsing .
when i tweaked my strategy and cut them out my streaks became a bit easier .
the next thing i experimented with was meditation and excercise which gave me constructive avenues to fill the void of pmo .
this also increased my odds of a long streak .
address the habits or behaviors that increase your odds of pmo by consistently evaluating and revising your strategy .
strategy helps us to incrementally improve willpower wanes over time .
i am looking to grab a reasonably priced pair of black joggers and wondering what everyone likes the best .
something to really highlight some cool sneakers slimming and a good tight ankle .
i press the on button on my ti-83 plus calculator and nothing comes up but when i hold it down it makes what the last thing i did on it come up without me being able to edit it at all .
i have been having pretty bad pelvic cramping for approximately two months .
because i was having serious health problems otherwise i was n't able to get into a gyn right away .
i was in the hospital and mentioned the pain .
the hospitalist ordered an ultrasound and a ct but would not get someone to give me a pelvic exam .
my uterus is tilted about as far back as it will go .
they told me that i had a prominent cyst on one ovary but i did n't catch the size .
for some reason there is n't a note in my online account about it .
i have what was also called a prominent nabothian cyst on my cervix .
i had bleeding later that week for a few days but it was bright red blood without mucous or likeness to menstrual blood .
my meluna cup did n't work and the blood was going around .
i have two sizes and tried them both because they fit different as my body nears the end of the period .
at the time the hospitalist kind of brushed me off when i asked about treatment for the cysts because they did n't want to cause scarring etc . ''
i 'm not planning on getting pregnant again so i 'm less concerned about the chances of a vaginal labor than i am about the pain .
i had to reschedule my gyn appointment today to deal with my dad being really sick and i 'm at a loss for what to ask .
when do doctors usually do something about ovarian cysts if they are very uncomfortable ?
there really is no comfortable ... i have menstrual like cramps all day every day some days worse than others .
i am currently sailing out in the kirov and loving it .
i used free xp to get to it after some research that it was strong .
why do people say russian cruisers are supposed to spam he ?
my only other cruiser experience is with the ijn line and im at the mogami right now .
i only switch to ap when im given a great broadside .
in the kirov im hesitant to shoot anything but he since it seems like a citadel machine .
its gotten me citadels on shots that i never would of considered before .
recently got the hp g1 chromebook and i 'm finding out i ca n't use the my pearson website to do online hw or text .
i really hope i 'm just missing something because this is a deal breaker
is there a list of which class skills albert offers to teach you after you finish his quest line ?
also which classes has the ability to learn these skills or has it been updated to affect all classes now ?
i 've compiled a collection of mods http steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails ? id=745958521 on steam that include various odst related items such as weapons a voice pack and a ton of customization options .
i 've been playing around with these mods lately and i thought some other odst lovers out there might be interested in trying it out for themselves as well .
with colin and ed 's shaker stare down in the beginning jonny 's sublime piano riffs in the outro thom 's majestic flowing hair and phil 's majestic glowing dome this has got to be my favorite version of reckoner .
so i do n't have to play this stupid option in normal hunts for real it 's dumb as hell for both monsters and hunters .
i am just doing ranked cause i do n't think it 's in the ranked queue and i can just not play it easier despite the queue times .
for example do they have spanish spelling bees in spain/mexico ?
what if faker had decided to not go pro ?
well he would be a solo queue legends ... .
but what if he decided to not even ever try out league of legends ever ?
what are some differences you guys see would happen if faker had never played league ?
i was given a betta fish by my well meaning grandmother as i am starting college .
he was originally gifted to me in the tiny pet store cup and i was given a tiny tank .
i put him in there temporarily because i felt awful about him being in the cup .
i still felt bad for him afterwards and got a bigger three gallon tank .
i just found this subreddit and am now thinking i could have done better .
this was an unexpected gift but i want to make this fish happy so i 'm just looking for general advice what else i should be doing .
i bought him a three gallon tank he has a heater which i assume is working although i have n't gotten a thermometer yet .
he also has a small filter that came with the tank that i 'm not sure is good enough or not .
he is eating betta specific food and i 've given him bloodworms a few times .
he seems pretty active and swims around his tank but since i bought the water heater earlier today he seems to curl around it .
i 'm trying my best and want to do what 's right so please help me .
here 's what he looked like before and now .
winona ryder called from the set of heather's.. she wants her look back
i played as facist australia as part of the allies and had the same issue restarting made the problem go away everytime i wanted to declare war when it said i could n't .
you should start taking bets on her reaction to the news .
you proposed to her without asking me first ? !
most non-indonesian smoker i knew still have nightmare from those pure unfiltered dji sam soe i got them .
laughed so fucking hard at courage the cowardly dog as a kid .
basically an easier to get cheaper spin off brand of bape .
bait has some aape in stock usually though the sizes can be limited on the tees .
i did see insta posts of this all but im a little lost .
i travel about 40 weeks out of the year for my job and i 've been playing 5e using averages for everything other than d20 rolls and 4d6 drop low for character generation .
since i always had d20s and d6s on me one day the whole d4+1 is the same average as d6 '' thing clicked and i realized i could dm using my d6s to randomize '' enemy damage and stuff instead of using averages .
like an eldritch blast could easily be d6+2 or d10 or 5 points of force damage .
there 's other variables i have cooked up for pcs as well mostly replacing damage rolls with averages crits are averages dice being replaced with d6s .
like a longbow hit with 14 dex would be 4+2 piercing a crit would be 4+2 1d6+1 .
it seems super convoluted i guess and it would n't really run a game any easier for someone who keeps a phb dmg mm and big ol ' crown royal bag of dice handy but for me playing short d d games with coworkers on long road trips using a few dice and books as possible it works .
wee early shift this morning to break up the monotony of permanent back shifts then off to the soccerball later with the family .
not saying that they faked this but they do n't need to get an actual security guard .
they can just have a rider dress up for 5 minutes to pull this off .
i have n't seen that kind of display yet .
bored gamer has good videos that cover everything star citizen .
request 3 requesting moltres ign kan3sap3r deposited chatot m lvl 5 thank you for the giveaway !
could be a little creepy but still better than some ha
you are n't weak you are struggling because clearly you are trying your best to keep it together and its all just a little to much .
i hope you do figure out a way that he can help you feel less embarrassed .
whether that be things he can say while in public to assure you that you are n't embarrassing or ways to help you cope in privacy .
helping others anyway that i can really helps me get better to .
i will say i miss the bigger coug logo on the helmet .
yeah that match really had it all ... simunic 's rugby tackle on big 'duks in the box .
all they remember is kewell being offside though haha !
if i misunderstand you ignore me as i 'm a bit tired .
i think you said something about using vsync and gsync .
if you have a gsync monitor as i do then vsync should be disabled and gsync enabled .
if not then vsync is probably your best bet to reduce frame tearing .
freesync is only for amd cards and freesync monitors .
edit you said fast sync ... told you i 'm tired .
i did n't think the 680 had that as it was a pascal feature but i may be wrong .
that amount your employer pays towards health care is not a tax .
i truly do n't understand how this is hard to grasp .
i could use 3x more shiny eevees level 1 for 2.10 .
i 'd like one with a male name dennis . ''
do n't know if its the same cemetary but apparently some idiots broke a grave stone and actually damaged several graves rushing to get a rare poke .
i am only saying calling them a martial race is wrong when they have had limited success .
it is saying india won 4 wars because of the sikhs no that is plain wrong .
but i 'm saying that the 3rd string guys were keeping the games close now imagine the 1st string guys .
and now we have our players back..so no more 3rd string team .
that held the 6th best rusher in the entire nation to 82 yards .
now take the repetitive statement in all of my posts saying that we had an injured team and remember that is not our base level we are rising from .
we are going from a base level already higher than the injured team and then some .
other teams are getting better but gt is completely refreshed and new next year .
not like unc or miami that have a player or two changed around .
gt is not moving from 2015 up a few steps .
we are going from the projected slight drop from 2014 and then some .
i 'm going to buy it in the name of the hoff
something about that scene where she puts the photo next to the black cock is very disturbing .
we get another shot of it through that back and forth knife discussion .
because you 're buying into his bullshit that this is his only ban .
chances are he has a shit ton of other bans/mutes on the account he 's not showing you and/or on various other accounts that they tied together .
before 9/11 there was also where were you when the challenger exploded ''
yeah i watched a youtube video of femshep and the li i had of the ending and liked it much better !
i 'm on console so ca n't do mods myself .
although either way i guess i should be happy knowing she 's alive and will somehow make her way back to the crew .
it 's not what i want but i think it is going to be 'travelling 100 years into the future out of nowhere ' .
not exactly nowhere perhaps my working theory based only on 'new crews ' has always been that the entire show will be based on a trill character and each season will be a different 'incarnation ' of the same host .
she 'll be a black lieutenant in the first season for example and he will be a white bisexual if you need him to be captain in the second .
that 's what this fan would do if he got his hands on it .
although my theory falls down a bit in that the name of the show is the same as the name of the ship in only the first season .
also i 'm not even sure if there was any canonical fed/trill dialogue around tos era .
on of the guys who works in a kitchen with me is convinced that fort knox is the location of the us 's opium reserves .
it makes sense to guard that that shit is crazy valuable and also necessary for the healthcare system to function and our healthcare system is a big deal .
besides where exactly do i attack you personally on the post above ?
unlike drama '' and its obsession with stalking every little thing i say and milking it .
every single century has people claiming that they lived in a civilized society '' .
wow i 'm surprised how small that os x usage looks .
as far as default shell usage goes it really depends how you look at it .
when looking at the total number of computers in the world bash would win based on osx usage alone .
but this is only one distribution '' of unix and i have n't seen bash as a default shell outside of linux .
with that being said there are many more distributions that omit bash mostly due to licensing conflicts .
i just think it 's a bit difficult to measure due to various reasons .
however your submission tifu by shitting myself has been removed because you have violated one of our rules which can be located in the sidebar .
rule 4 bodily discharge and posts centered around sexual content are reserved for the weekend .
if you have any questions we ask that you message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/tifu subject=my submission was removed message=i have a question regarding the removal of this submission https www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/4y3we7/tifu_by_shitting_myself directly for appeals .
you always should have some goal to aim for whether or not you will succeed though that 's up to you . ''
my hero academia grimgar of fantasy parasyte akame ga kill noragami .
all really awesome if you have n't seen them .
im a max skirmisher already my setup is 2 fire pupus 1 wind pupu and valeros all max 36 doing in 404 fire pupu still dies somehow
i use a thick brush to apply and blend and fix any uneven areas with dabbing with a sponge .
do n't be afraid to hop off and rest sit on the grass for a few minutes .
i would start doing a 5 mile ride every day for a week to get your body ready and used to riding .
then start to stretch it out by an extra mile each day the following week .
by the time you start the ride wo n't ruin you but it 'll still be a challenge .
that was one of the best moments ... q feeding both of them their lines .
made me appreciate how quick on the draw he is .
that shit was off the cuff and off the hook yo .
yeah hes such a dumb kid for not knowing players that probably played when he wasnt even born/when he was about 0-5 years old s
without a doubt i can tell you that you get what you pay for .
quite a few years ago as i was gleefully opening up a new knife box my wife asked me why do you need so many knives '' ?
i looked at her and said why do you need so many shoes '' ?
have n't heard shit about my knife collection since .
not one uaf counter demo against the man and his followers before his group was banned .
we are a flamin ' hot cheetos family ... why was n't i informed of the xxtra flamin ' hot ?
now i 'm going to start searching every store for it .
remember when we scored runs and did n't blow leads ?
it 's also all at 1 hp so that makes it a little better .
it fits a pattern with this a trump casino was fined 200,000 by the state of new jersey in 1992 http www.upi.com/archives/1992/10/19/trump-plaza-loses-appeal-of-discrimination-penalty/1911719467200 because managers hid black employees from the sight of a high-rolling customer .
that 's an absolutely illegal business practice — if you have a racist customer you can not manage employees by race to accommodate the customer 's racial preference .
i puked on this gorgeous dog i saw on the boardwalk once .
6v6 elimination with no revives honor system if not an actual gameplay option would be pretty fun .
also i took a look at the ons drug death stats for 2015 http www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/birthsdeathsandmarriages/deaths/bulletins/deathsrelatedtodrugpoisoninginenglandandwales/2015-09-03 and they do n't distinguish between od deaths and drug related deaths .
i 'm starting to think that because they do n't nobody else does either .
this is particularly misleading for drugs such as ecstasy/mdma .
the kale sweet potato butternut squash pizza has stolen my heart lately .
i ca n't believe nobody 's mentioned it yet .
i 'm a freezer pizza fiend but that one just feels so gourmet and healthy .
plus it 's vegetarian and only has a tiny bit of hard cheese on top which does n't aggravate lactose intolerance .
i only buy one at a time because i always eat the whole thing in one sitting .
is extremely corrupt and has a multitude of issues that she lies about constantly .
the olny reason they arnt now is becouse they arnt suported
that actually does n't have anything to do with them being supported '' .
they actually disabled achievements a while ago but people did n't like that and that 's why they changed it .
you wo n't find a house that is n't a complete fixer upper under 400 in these cities .
yeah you like him now wait until worlds and you tsm fans will start blaming sven when you inevitably do n't reach the finals like you expected .
i taught in korea 10 years back and it 's just deplorable what they do to the dogs before they are slaughtered .
i wo n't tell you about it but i will if you want .
i never pause any downloads when i 'm playing as it does not affect the gameplay except high hdd load on some games although this might be different with much lower bandwith internet
they appear to be changing but there are still a lot of people that work there that believe you should n't have fun while playing .
there are a lot of people in this reddit community that whine any time the game becomes fun just you watch them downvote me .
went back to university to get a teaching license decent experience overall .
the focus was not how to teach prepare plan or guide students .
a lot of the program was you will encounter people of color they all have had horrible lives so be prepared .
growing up in southern california i know i had a huge head start on a lot of my 'never been out of utah ' classmates .
i in no way undervaluing the awesome diversity in utah 's growing population but i left very unprepared for the actual classroom setting .
glad i went through the program but severe changes are needed .
i am starting my 3rd year have over 250 students 93 white !
4 different preps less prep time than last year bottom of the barrel insurance changing the school professional development focus again and still pulling down that 'big paper ' as the kids would say 804.00 every two weeks and the district is lead by this guy and his pals on the school board ! http kutv.com/news/local/tooele-school-superintendent-says-he-did-not-lie-about-degree .
how does someone go from being durable in college even with osgood schlatter to being injury prone despite not playing a single snap in the nfl ?
do n't panic though just save a little money and go to the space station .
if the station is n't selling it then just wait for traders and one of them will have it .
per conto mio vedendo certi suoi video ed i suoi discorsi la vedo manipolatrice e arrogante .
👻 a.s.t.r.a.l shipyard 👻 https redd.it/4r7bcf sc items at attractive prices !
my family threw a party and had a bunch of neighborhood kids over .
everyone got a handful of party poppers to pop when the ny ball dropped on tv .
it 's ... it 's odd to say the least
oh yeah no do n't get me wrong nas won the battle but jay-z won the war .
look at them now nas got murdered in his divorce with kelis then ended up signing to jay 's label jay just kept on rising .
nas maybe the better lyricist but i think that jay probably looks back on those days laughing now more than nas does .
can they give me 20 bucks for this 40 dollar game
late to the party but the 99 fat free burritos .
they are fucking delicious and you can add all sorts of easy shit to make them so tasty ... namely a lot of shredded cheese avocado salsa etc .
i really hope he do n't buy gold from bots or try something stupid ...
the kieran silence of the lambs '' thing could really be interesting .
if we get a season 3 they could take it in so many directions .
the old guy shows up first in chapter 157 and he captures wang lin five chapters later .
not too hard wol and cecil are prefect tankers since their light res chews up all damage and having tilith/marie in the party and buffing resistances mitigate a lot of the damage .
just be aware that she does a lot of mass-dispells that will remove resistances buffs and taunts
i use the 9mm so much because the ammo is cheap but now i am best with this rinky dink gun .
ah no matter i have a shotgun that a blind man could be great with .
what do you mean you just lost 20 to 40 minutes because on individual decided he wanted to lose the game for some reason .
you ca n't do anything about it if someone 's flaming me i can just mute or ignore him or read his shit out loud and have fun with it .
i stopped answering to flamers because it gets me tilted to no end and really does n't help defuse the situation at all
they 're still a shitty team in terms of how they treat their ex players and fuck up other teams .
i never imagined a post in this thread would move me as much as this did you are a credit to the human race .
although i have n't played the original in a while so i could be wrong .
that 's cool ... wonder how the new one is going to be .
i mean the g303 wheel is great for some people it just does n't suit me .
they are weak ... i mean it 's a small village and isis is taking a beating not to mention the american weapons and a-10 air raids and turkish guns firing and yet 0 gains
we just tackled a similar case at a client .
a decoder is available online and the ransomware has no means to spread on its own .
in our case the 'attackers ' bruteforced an open rdp connection ran the encryption tool on a couple of files and then left .
so do i assume that the others were n't doping or that they maybe used things we ca n't test for yet ?
i hate it the most when someone in a relay ends up a doper because then they 're theoretically dragging 3 other people down with them ...
at least i got the more important the y1 mot .
i think you misunderstood what i meant by support .
i will show support for the decision to do such a thing .
looks like a bit too much shake for my liking .
its my hypothesis people use to western diets usually harp how much desi food has no protein .
here let me run through what stuff we usually eat and get protein .
this reminds of the volcarona card from ancient origins except it 's not an attack and it 's only one basic energy .
this could be useful for slow non-ex decks like beautifly or allergic shock beedrill .
it would also be great for jolteon/glaceon/mew place down mew electric or water energy on it attach the other one from your hand dimension valley free retreat from jolteon attack .
the antibiotics for a tooth infection will not affect it .
if you were to start spotting switch to a brand with more oestrogen .
the fedex guy in the background still making his deliveries .
almost certain this will be something regularly memorized like pi to a certain number of digits making the length obsolete .
everyone you love will die except those with plot armour
but i went with the 4dr because i have a family .
the interior in the g8 is nicer but the gto is lighter and the ls2 puts out just a bit more power than the l76 but if you find a gxp for a decent price that ls3 way outperforms the ls2 .
the other thing about the g8 is the drone .
but a quick afm delete and a reprogram takes care of that nicely ... .and adds some power
i lucked out on getting my g8 came in in trade when i was working for a chevy store and i got it for just over trade .
either car is hard to find for a good pro e but worth it regardless ... as long as you 're not getting robbed blind .
i mean in the video it looks as though the are playing in extreme wind but i agree we would need to see better footage .
my lara on global is n't spec for mitigation tho
hoping to get like krantz or stein or somethin .
the media team does respond to interview requests though it is unlikely that the media would report on a media request that was not accepted .
i think legion might have saved my life i think i started to sleep again just because i want to play and enjoy fucking world of warcraft .
man skal vist ikke kaste med for mange sten når man selv bor i glashus ...
i really like what vnext and core have also .
i know they are trying to build something that everyone wants with a common system for multiple platforms and that 's really hard .
i 've been giving her a lot more baths than usual .
the interesting thing to me is that she has n't been pooping nearly as much since she started shedding .
and she 's more stressed but i 'm assuming that 's normal because her skin is literally coming off .
i 've been on the fence about evan but if he plays roles like kit and march then i think he 's great .
i was thinking more along the lines of people who are secluded with little outside communication
this is actually extremely rare in africa these days .
comedy as a career is actually quite rare right around the world .
or at least making a decent living through comedy .
i ca n't speak for all of africa but humor is a massive part of south african culture .
although standing in front of a crowd telling jokes is n't very common as it is more about standing in a group taking turns to tell jokes .
we do have a very strong history of stand up and other professional comedians though .
i have sooooooo much better pack luck in madden than the show
i doubt you even understand how overall rankings work and that they mean absolutely nothing .
take cespedes for example he moved to lf and became a diamond no stats changed yet dumbasses started paying more for him .
play mookie at 2nd and you have a diamond .
from that article a kmart kayaker is an unlearned kayaker taking to the water without proper training yeah take it from someone who teaches kayaking about 90 of kayakers are unlearned kayakers taking to the water without proper training .
for the challenge '' aspect of this question i generally go with pacing as my answer .
there 's a lot i want to accomplish in 40 or 80 minute blocks of time and since i 'm a new teacher it can be tricky to pace things perfectly .
i also tend to add that it is something i am constantly working on i 've actually used overhead projectors to display huge countdown clocks for the students and i to see when they 're doing an activity .
i sort of have difficulties differentiating the difference between weaknesses and challenges i feel like they 're the same .
wow even the yard sign polls are turning against trump .
i would love a talk show segment with mario and barbie talking about the variety of jobs they have each done and which ones were the weirdest funniest plane out there and just terrible
yeah people love to act like every moment of every officer 's day is going to be scrutinized .
you would need an army of people to monitor all that footage effectively .
who designed this survey and how will the information be applied ?
is there anyone i can contact for further information ?
melee is actually 50hp per hit it takes 3 hits after a bacta baby blows a bubble .
there should be a timed heal heal over time like dioxis dot .
this time around student loan is giving me less than i expected for this school year so i have to pay 1000 out of pocket for my classes in a week and a half .
but if dak gets on the field he will have better weapons so he would be 1 easy
financial aid suspension is typically only repealed for extenuating circumstances .
yours are not extenuating so you will probably need to pay for the semester .
except with mercy playing a healer is quite rewarding tbh .
oh yeah if you used that something '' to go a few thousand lightyears away then i do n't know that you can actually backtrack anymore .
we need a search box at the top left that lets us type in a planet name to locate it or the ability to right click set waypoint from our discoveries panel .
hopefully if hg does n't add that someone can come up with a mod for it .
fold a piece of paper or saran wrap over each card
that is odd yeah given 1.6 can be made into a bar without a binder
you can even show that on a sphere any triangle will satisfy α+β+γ 180 degrees .
i get pale in winter '' is really not cutting it .
reading through you and cuntrover 's exchange i think i will be okay as long as i make sure i am running the proper chainring on a steel cassette .
does anyone know what the chainring that comes with the cyclone kit is made of ?
i will reply here if i figure it out .
i think taking some time retraining my muscle memory to minimize forces while shifting would be worth the effort .
i grabbed at the brakes because that 's where the clutch is on a motorcycle twice on my first ride .
the nra has made many compromises over the years .
however regulators continue to pass laws that are not actually affecting crime but are making it very difficult to own a gun .
i mean this was on the front page today of r/all .
this is what happens https i.reddituploads.com/5e86acf5f34c4a9facffd4f8b1553c7d ? fit=max h=1536 w=1536 s=729d2e6ee69bc11e0488f4eecf4c936e when you compromise . ''
the anti-gun people have made it clear they are n't actually interested in compromise .
most of the anti-gun organizations and politicians openly admit to their end goal of an outright ban .
there have only been laws restricting the use and ownership of firearms not expanding them .
oceanside harbor has plenty of good pokemon and mlk park is a apparently a charmander nest
i think he meant he wo n't get him as in someone is going to draft him higher than he 's willing to draft a catcher
it is a discount coupon for sequel and i was supposed to get one as i own the original game but i didnt .
i got a questing beast auto rifle with counter balance and perfect balance and it was still a p.o.s .
i could but you stated in the other post that it is n't me so unless you edit it or something then it is n't me ... but it 's okay i guess it 's not like i 've contributed anything here i 've just been reading the theories and stuff like that .
why does the colour of the computer parts matter when you ca n't even see them ?
ca n't say i was never much of a religious person .
the snake always gets the bad rep in the stories and it 's a little hard not to take that personally .
if they lose money on the cars and dealers do n't want to sell them how many are they going to see ?
they ca n't produce cars at volume at a profit and their sales channel does n't want to sell them .
all i said was that if they wanted to sell more they would put effort into it .
i think their top 10 will mostly be soul/funk or folk/singer-songwriter .
as an adult i still thought the reckoners was great .
if it turns out you do n't like it you only bought/borrowed one book so no huge loss .
i 'm looking more for things that i do not have to refrigerate .
i think meat would go bad after like one meal same with salads ?
ca n't you only track him if he currently has his scanner out though ?
i 've always liked am1 but i bet a lot of jordan heads will think i 'm retarded but i do n't fuck with shoes with leather anymore i think the creasing on the toe box after a few wears just makes every shoe look so f ugly that i do n't even want to put them on anymore .
to ensure the quality of our subreddit we enforce a 250 character minimum on all text posts .
if you are asking a simple question please post it in the weekly simple questions sticky thread instead .
if you would like to repost your question please make sure you add basic information like your champion pool your rank and specifics about what you need help with .
please note that you will need to post an entirely new thread after automoderator removal rather than just edit this post .
attempts to bypass the character requirement may result in a ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/summonerschool if you have any questions or concerns .
this is in reference to the current case i wonder why his parents called the police after he left the restaurant agitated ?
it makes me think we have n't heard the entire story yet .
as for the other guy at least his victim survived .
are there mental illnesses that can come on suddenly and cause such bizarre behavior ?
dfg 's albums are n't on apple music anymore .
i loved just the tip '' and winterbush . ''
as for tips if you still have a few weeks i suggest you focus on the following two things
what i did was make a spreadsheet for every item and rated myself on comfort for each topic .
then i could sort on my weak points and focus on those .
i would suggest you prioritize the fundamentals ... layer2/spanning tree/dmvpn all the igps bgp mpls mcast and make sure you 're comfy with ipv6 as well .
you have no idea what you will get but having end-to-end reachability in your lab is kind of critical .
if you are using securecrt or superputty anything with tabs stop right now for my practice i used vanilla putty made the window size too small text too big so common commands would wrap disabled right-click-to-paste and set the window to always on top '' .
the idea here is to make it awkward for yourself because i garuntee its going to feel that way in the lab .
i personally also practiced typing out common show commands tcl ping scripts in notepad so i could just c p them as opposed to typing them out over and over during the exam .
in my lab attempts i had two monitors each time but at home i just have one monitor .
so what i did is kept my workbook windows on the right and putty windows on the left in the exam i dedicated a monitor for each function with notepad in the middle .
lastly do not wait between t-shoot and diagnostic or between diagnostics and config .
in all my practice before the first attempt i always took a break after a tshoot practice lab ...
in the actual lab i froze after tshoot waiting for the proctor to tell me to continue .
in short do n't train yourself to expect a break between sections there is none lunch occurs partway through config .
possibly when i woke up at something like 3am while i was in england to watch a terribly choppy stream on my grandparents computer .
picked division back up to try some of the new content .
i just moved here and have n't heard of this place till now .
do you know offhand of any other stores around the city that have this type of atmosphere/sell these types of goods ?
edit obviously it looks like they sell all sorts of things so i guess i 'm asking for any other 'must visit ' eclectic shops candles art music books scents foods ...
from the same stream https youtu.be/djhw3nfd3t8 ? t=706 nek absolutely losing his shit at josh 's comment about dr. fetus
oh hey this is scout armor with a disker !
and then everyone trained by cod and tf2 learned how to look up about a week in .
he was doing dj swoon for years and literally nobody gave a shit put some gimmicky brand out sign with red light and get plugged by all its artists and then all of a sudden he 's playing his debut set at hard ?
please felder give me other websites besides aljazeera and msnbc because i cant find jack on either of those for any of my regions
the first is normative and the second is also normative but first appears to be only descriptive .
first i think there are plenty of good arguments that the state is critical for certain goods that society benefits from the arrangements which only a state can provide .
public goods provision for the poor security culture and so on .
as a conservative i do n't like relying on political abstractions too much but i think that certain elements of social contract theory hobbes locke rawls especially are helpful here .
second the state 's existence is a natural fact .
societies all societies tend toward the creation of institutions of authority which take on all sorts of purposes depending on the society but typically tend to take on a few critical purposes .
broadly speaking i think that societies are organic wholes that states are natural outgrowths of these wholes and beneficial for them and i think that the organic nature of society provides in itself some reason to accept the natural goodness of the state this in the same way that the fact that human beings tend to value art even if there is no 'rational ' a priori justification for valuing art is a good indicator that art is a constitutive part of the human good .
when people are vandalizing your property and harassing your patrons it does matter .
especially delusional anarchists who ca n't tell the difference between water street and hastings .
have you received death threats because of an editorial error ?
so do n't bother telling me not to fucking care .
i think i 've seen 2 cases of widowmaker sniping the kid who used doomfist 's gauntlet .
your understanding of the situation is flawed at best .
probably because they want to question them in person and try to catch them in a lie .
but you 're right they can just follow the script of whatever story they want to make up so that 's again why i consider this the nfl posturing .
their only hope is if one of these players just straight up makes a mistake in the interview .
'' the league rejected the union 's view that affidavits constitute reasonable cooperation by the players and confirmed that they are required to participate in in-person interviews .
the ped policy reflects the nfl and nflpa 's shared commitment to protect the fairness and integrity of the competition on the field and we owe it to the players clubs and fans to fully address any claims of this nature .
you mean someone was caught on undercover video illegally distributing performance enhancers talking about the players they gave the drugs to while an active mlb player is in his apartment shooting up delta 2 denied the things that are caught on video ?
and no peyton was n't cleared '' in fact the nfl gave no explanation at all for why they choose not to take an action against peyton and did not address the evidence against him at all .
oh man i was afraid they would attack your ship mercilessly or something .
the problem is that to every player analyst and caster invading the enemy jungle means farming jungler .
the only adjustment period i had was getting used to having a buzzing thing on my wrist .
a nato strap fixed that right up for me though .
just enough to soften up the vibration by like 10 .
ive seen your postings and you assuming things and being totally wrong happens to you alot do n't it
fortunately for me its not my job to teach special ed .
yes whitebeard can farm sabo you would need aokiji 's bike as your ship though to give you massive hp to survive stage 1 .
i remember being a kid and i 'm well aware of the poor decision making even by young adults .
hi u/jberkley99 your account is less than 2 weeks old but do n't worry your comment has not been removed .
this is just to inform the mods of this subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/breedingdittos if you have any questions or concerns .
there did n't used to be this many problems on the metro but it 's been so fucky lately it 's just gotten unbearable .
let 's agree he was torn and it 's possible he secretly voted leave but not fact .
btw i fully understand why so many labour mps who did wholeheartedly campaign for remain my mp chuka umunna was fantastic in that campaign were so pissed off .
i feel though that they may have been manipulated brexit emotions leveraged into the mass resignations and vote of no confidence .
it 's not really the best basis for politics .
the second i stepped off the train to walk home it started raining .
and i thought i was being smart ordering food to pick up on the way home but they did n't even start making it .
but i do n't care cuz sanchez is mashin '
if it does n't heavily feature the darkmoon faire i 'll be truly upset .
a woman attending a rally with the gop nominee 's running mate urged indiana gov .
'' if hillary clinton wins the election ... and she 's on that second amendment taking your guns away there is going to be a civil war in this state '' or elsewhere in the country the woman who identified herself as brenda predicted to some applause in albuquerque n.m .
'' but if president trump would win '' the woman continued to hollers from the crowd there 's also going to be a war because obama is going to pull that martial law on the united states . ''
'' brenda hillary clinton is not going to be elected president of the united states '' pence responded .
pence spoke of trump 's crowd sizes referencing the woman 's earlier point about his standing in polls and dismissed polling showing clinton ahead .
i just looked on the markings on the mod .
i never bothered to check to see if marquis actually made it with an ss finish .
that said if i had the money i 'd pick that up for 20 shipped and me paying pp fees .
hell i might if i 've anything to play with friday afternoon .
it just might turn out that we 're wrong about what we believe is best .
only a matter of time ... be careful dude .
you 're pretty stupid to be advertising this on reddit .
most modern versions of ms-office can open open document '' formatted files .
so if you send an .ods file to them it should open it .
i know because i use fedora 24 and libreoffice and send my boss documents/spreadsheets all the time in the native libreoffice open format .
we have some sort of hybrid between exchange and office365 .
i just use the web interface for email/calendar in office365 in chrome on fedora .
skype for business even works for chat messages lync through it .
most everything else we do is web-based at work so it does n't matter what os you use .
honestly i could do my entire job on a chromebook .
this submission has been removed as we do n't allow imdb links in r/movies .
the movie sub does n't allow links to the largest movie site on the internet ?
here 's why nearly all of the user imdb submissions are announcements to films or trivia and neither are credible from imdb .
projects get shifted around way too much on imdb and the trivia ranges from baseless fan-fiction to gossipy drama .
if your submission is trivia or a film announcement please find an article about the film somewhere else and submit that .
if you 're recommending a film please link to its trailer on youtube .
if your submission falls outside of these categories please message the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmovies and we 'll put this submission back .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/movies if you have any questions or concerns .
for the bright i dunno never expected to sell it .
but for the guardian it 's like 2 keys over your budget if you still interested
idk what i am going to do ... i am afraid of wasting it too .
there just seems to be no end to the people thinking they own public parks .
you do n't like that people are socializing and enjoying themselves outside twist facts to make it seem us poke players are spawns from hell and you feel so self-entitled you have to sue niantic like a bunch of greedy slobs .
these stories make me realize why society is crumbling ... no one can enjoy anything anymore without some douchebag ruining it .
i caught two of these today at ward lake in ketchikan today and at first glance i thought they were rainbow trout but now i 'm unsure .
does the apple get used for work '' still ?
always curious is people are actually using their retrobattlestations for work .
if you do n't feel like reinstalling windows or just cant have a look at this ... https www.reddit.com/r/techsupport/comments/33evdi/suggested_reading_official_malware_removal_guide
i only have a double right now and i do n't have a decent bedframe so i figured if i 'm gon na buy a bedframe might as well go for the bigger one and switch out the bed too .
i agree with you i am somewhat of a newbie with a bit over a month and 2 relapses to pmo but i am not the same person that i was on porn !
for starters i am not clueless anymore i know that porn is a drug and i was an addict .
and while i relapsed i know i will never go back to be an addict will i watch porn every once in a blue moon ?
maybe for fun to spice things up with the right girl .
because it 's impossible for me to go back to be that person .
just because it 's natural means it 's good for me right ?
curiously however it seems the tactical and strategic acumen of the ursine mind is inferior to that of the equine 's hence why the norse horse lords managed total conquest while we humble janmayenfolk must content ourselves with lesser victories .
we 're doing a gift card shower '' because my baby shower is 1300 miles from home but i still have a babylist registry going in case someone here wants to get something and to keep our own needs in order .
this is my first but i was a newborn nanny for years so i feel like i know what i 'm getting myself into !
definitely add some smaller things like lots of basic onesies burp cloths bottles nipples diapers lotions/creams boppies noise machine etc .
even down to a bottle drying/sorting system for the counter and things like that which could potentially make your new life with baby easier .
based on the translations i think the guy simply wanted closure .
it just looks shit tbh i was really into bf3 and 4 but i can tell already this really is more of the same .
i just starter playing juju oracle in a new campaign and found out the spirit guide archetype which lets you get a hex and a spirit which is essentially a second mystery .
so far ive enjoyed it and found it interesting to play .
pick lore spirit and you have access to few arcane spells also which is my way at the moment .
except sometimes it 's taken in pill form or as adhesives and is usually coupled with t-blockers to greatly reduce the production of testosterone .
that time i got pantsed at school in front of my crush .
yeah i 've done that in past years and it 's a mess but everyone is out in a couple hours .
the best is the collective sigh of relief when the exhibit hall is officially closed for the year and everyone can relax although the packing-up starts immediately .
also they cut the ac yes there 's ac around the time the hall closes .
also they start pulling up carpet right away and there 's a lift going around to lower stuff like banners .
some of the bigger vendors and such load into larger trucks but a lot are basically being loaded into panel vans cars whatever .
i assume the rest of the event is similar but i 've never seen that side .
with chess there 's only a handful of moves you can make and a handful of moves your opponent can make each turn .
making an ai for that is easy for a computer that can run several billion calculations per second simulate all of the moves and pick the one that gives your opponent the fewest possible win scenarios .
with more complex games this strategy does n't work .
there are so many possible moves you could make that the computer ca n't possibly predict what you 'll do .
that 's why google 's deepmind defeating a go grandmaster earlier this year was such a big deal it 's the first time anyone had beaten a master at a game that 's too complex to simulate .
and that 's with hundreds of computers in a datacenter with custom ai hardware not running in your off-the-shelf pc along with the rest of the game .
and the number of possible moves in civilization is way higher than the number of possible moves in go .
the deepmind team has stated that they want to work on a game ai next they were saying starcraft but they 're just getting started with that .
it will be quite a while before that sort of ai will be able to fit in your offline game .
i wonder if that 87 is based off of the range advertised by the electric car manufacturers or the actual range reported by drivers .
the internet was the last frontier where you could be truly anonymous but that is rapidly going down the drain .
hey condor is the name of my loving wife 's personal trainer .
i ca n't speak spanish nor do i understand national policy diplomacy economy or legal matters but i ca n't possibly do any worse than the incumbent .
did n't they have 5-6 days warning of katrina ?
this thing happened over-night and they had no idea it would be this severe .
understand something this was a 0.1 freak occurrence the models stated that this shit happens once every thousand years .
that warning was issued nearly 24 hours before landfall .
of course stern warnings had been given for a couple of days prior but this particular warning caught the attention of many people and the media .
katrina made landfall at 6:10 am cdt on monday august 29 as a category 3 hurricane maximum sustained winds of 125 mph east of new orleans near buras-triumph la .
they 'd put out a warning on aug. 23rd karina hit on the 27th-29th .
my point being id rather pay my high deductible on rare occasions when i decide i need to than have someone else decide what to take from my hard earned paycheck
the basic definition of communism is a political theory derived from karl marx advocating class war and leading to a society in which all property is publicly owned and each person works and is paid according to their abilities and needs .
by paying everyone a great salary we are avoiding class warfare .
this is a privately owned company not government owned .
oh come on when is this going to get on spotify already 😂
try your realm forms on the official site or trade chat .
i really like lord of the rings but the first time i saw it was with my first boyfriend ... .and now i only think of that jerk when i rewatch it .
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required tags .
please check the sidebar https www.reddit.com/r/asmr/wiki/config/sidebar or the wiki page https www.reddit.com/r/asmr/wiki/index wiki_tagging_system for information about tagging your submission properly .
your post must be tagged with one of the following tags
remember that automoderator will only detect tags in square brackets not curly braces pointy brackets or round brackets .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asmr if you have any questions or concerns .
and to think just yesterday we watched streams because it was fun and interesting .
now people think they deserve something for sitting on their ass being entertained .
the reference for my post and a little of ops post
i can honestly say that since the major we have not dropped a map
do you know how many active players osrs had in march 2014 after a year of existence and minimal updates ?
then look on the front page and tell me how many people are playing right now
you can do some witchcraft shit to make it rain after lighting us up .
the colon does the best job of displaying the intended meaning .
tim sets the cup of hot chocolate aside and straps his guitar back over his shoulder almost immediately strumming and singing the requested song .
i 'm about to make my first tasker scene and it 's use isnt a million miles from yours .
i 'm wondering whether it would in fact be better done in klwp .
it legendary in the sense that we do n't even know how .
'' oh that 's the jane jaxxx fistulator pound-my-cunt pocket pussy and ass plug .
and that over there is that a bong ? ''
suomen av ja mediapiirit työelämässä on melko pienet ja koulutettuja valtavasti .
on äärimmäisen epätodennäköistä saada suoraan koulusta alan töitä ilman portfoliota eli jotain konkreettista näyttöä usein halutaan nähdä pätee varmaan moneen muuhunkin luovaan hommaan ei häihinkään moni tilaa mielellään kuurosokeena pändiä .
uraa aloittelevan yksi tärkeimmistä hommista on saada oma henkilökohtanen portfolio esittelykuntoon .
koen orjatyöt '' hieman oikeutetummaksi tämmösissä säätiö ja kaupungin/valtion hommissa kuin voittoa tavoittelevissa osakeyhtiöissä .
tai ainakin osakeyhtiöt pitäisi laittaa syyniin ja päätellä taseiden/tulosten perusteella onko yrityksellä oikeutta käyttää valtion palkkatuki/työkokeilu optioita .
toki jos halutaan hyvää jälkeä ja työntekijälle vastuuta suosittelen näitä yleishyödyllisiäkin tahoja palkkaamaan rahalla ammattilaisen .
ammattilainen ei tarkoita vain ammattikoulusta paperin saanutta vaan henkilöä joka on myös työelämässä jo vakiinnuttanut ammattitaitonsa
se ei välttämättä tarkoita työn tilaajaa vaan opiskelu ja työkavereita .
jos henkilökemiat natsaa se on kaikki kaikessa ystävystyä ja tehdä mahdollisesti myöhemmin yhdessä projekteja .
eli tässä tuo oman yrityksen/osuuskunnan perustaminen on oikeastaan tällä alalla näinä päivinä todella paljon hehkutettua .
yli 7-hengen osuuskuntatoimintaa ei katsota päätoimiseksi yrittäjyydeksi joten saat fattasta jopa kelasta rahaa vaikka kavereiden kanssa yrittäisitte perustaa samalla osuuskuntaa joka ei vielä tuota .
mielestäni paljon pahempi esimerkki orjatyöstä '' oli esimerkiksi verkkokauppa.com in varasto jonne haluttiin työkokeilijaa .
sen työn oppii varmaan alle viikossa jos ei ole ollut kolarissa .
joten en näe juuri mitään perusteita pyytää 6kk työkokeilijaa valtion kustantamana .
kierrätyskeskuksessakin on varasto se ei tavoittele voittoa omistaja on käytännössä valtio ja kierrätyksestä hyötyy koko kansakunta varasto-työkokeilijat kuuluvat sinne .
yeah spawning into jaka itzel spawns you seemingly mid-air for several seconds until the buildings start to pop in .
so ichigo lose his hollow and quincy powers ? it 's a dumbest thing i 've ever seen in my live .
if you legitimately bench 310 the holy shit broden has blessed you
i had a hoorrrrrrible experience with mushrooms but my salvia experience was short and awesome !
honestly i think you 're pretending to miss the point .
there 's no way you 're so stupid that you ca n't get what i 'm saying when i spell it out for you .
i think you 're trying to win '' instead of learn .
people are allowed to disagree with you and it is within the realm of possibility that you are wrong in ways you do n't understand .
you are n't the world authority on neurology or physics or molecular biology or computer science or philosophy .
if you ca n't have this discussion without flipping your lid then it 's not worth talking to you .
in the comment that you just responded to u/ihirewriters said the following
the schrodinger 's equation has no known exact solutions for systems more complicated than a few simple atoms .
you have no evidence that it 's even possible to simulate a human at the quantum level in our universe .
if that is n't a direct and unambiguous challenge to your second premise then i do n't know what is .
i wrote a 9000 character reply to this in part agreeing with you and in part not but then i deleted it .
was wondering what mr 305 was doing in southern lousianna .
i might be sleeping but i stay awake late these days so i will probably be able to get online .
i have reddit notification so i will be able to answer you fast when i am awake !
i do n't know much about gymnastics could you explain why you feel nadia is greater ?
if you think it was indeed a frame-up the hardest piece of evidence to explain is avery 's blood in the rav4 .
from some document i read recently i learned that there were far more locations of avery 's blood than just by the ignition switch conveniently left out of mam .
i find the critism of the fbi report very unpersuasive as far as i can see from the summary post on stevenaverycase.com it was actually pretty definitive no edta in those blood samples .
that leaves the possibility of evidence tampering culhane switches the samples or something .
not to mention that coming up with an alternative story of the crime that fits the known evidence requires some veeeery convoluted speculation .
i just ca n't see how anyone thinks this really went down like the defense and mam suggest .
i forgot short was a thing so my first time unsupervised on register i marked about 8-10 tall drinks on short cups until someone figured it out .
also because trump gets way more coverage so even if on average the coverage is n't more negative to a trump supporter it might look like a flood of attacks .
jesus lin dan versus lee chong wei semi could happen and they 're the 2 favourites for gold .
i 'm going to go ahead and say that rick and morty probably did n't invent insert jokes .
the only base i want to build in nms is a death star so we can see how long it takes the community to procedurally destroy every planet in the game .
i mean it 's not any worse planned than all the other olympics which went over budget by 150
d i have been trying to sing from the diaphragm more and was just wondering if this sounded like it was coming from a better area s
i know its probably hard to judge by just a clip like this s
i think this depends on where you live and what kind of jobs you 're applying for .
i 've never applied anywhere that required proof of a high school diploma or equivalent .
depending on what job you 're going for if the employer can tell that you 've got the required skills and can handle the job you might get a chance .
for example it 's not hard to make good money in the graphic design field if you 've got great skills and were self taught .
i think getting the ged is just best to have either way because yes going further in life it just might matter .
i can only speak for what i 've experienced .
i think in general not actively being in college is no different than no ged in others ' eyes .
if you list or do n't list your hs on your resume and your potential employer asks about college and you say that you are n't in college and they 'll probably still look down on you even if you had your hs diploma .
the fact that you do n't plan on going to college or just have n't gone yet will be a negative to most people unfortunately .
ultimately it depends but i suggest you go through with getting it as difficult as it may seem .
they make oily secretions to keep the nipple lubricated so it 's more fun to play with it .
this toez guy is exposing '' everyone so that he can become reckful 's best friend .
i 'm sorry you should n't be teaching classes on business if you do n't even have a bachelors in business or even taken and actual fucking class in it .
she studied culinary management as far as i know .
the way i see it mankind is part of an experiment by some higher beings/aliens and the station on mars is some sort of command center ?
i started to forget the little things and big ones that pissed me off about blizzard and its utter destruction of the game i love .
i was just thinking about it there and he must 've hardly seen his family at all for 14 years straight working on naruto .
for his sake i hope he does n't rush into starting a new manga .
mostly because he pretty frequently has garbage lyrics and views was one of the most average albums i 've ever heard .
the best rapper in the game ca n't make an album of that quality .
that 's not to say he 's bad but you ca n't say the hate is unwarranted
i have no clue what you 're on but can i have some ?
you can pick up now i thought they didnt do that .
they actually had something cheaper than msy ... why did i look after i had bought i dont know .
there is no easy way to level correctly plus do all the lw/skinning quests at the same time they are too scattered around and unlock in a way every couple levels that does n't match your stay in each zone .
i never even made a booking at the restaurant yet i 'm somehow stuck with dis appointment .
he 's going around using the word ostentatiously '' a lot .
the problem is that term is subjective by definition .
at the end of the day it 's people who are going to decide what 's too 'ostentatious ' for their tastes and impose their will on others .
elite is the same as nms at it 's core a mile wide an inch deep .
i personally just find elite to be even more grindy and far less fun than nms is right now .
essentially elite is nms with a grittier skin and a more fleshed out flight model .
little to no willingness to acclimatise themselves to the local culture ?
i take it you have n't actually been to the uk then
jezuz christ the dedication is too real for me .
a little bit of lore shadowlands goes a long way when that knowledge is n't supposed to be something you would have in the station you 're trying to pretend to have .
i believe you got what 's coming to you '' is a generic last-hit line for tracer not connected to s:76 .
jack morrison was the commander of overwatch and therefore tracer 's superior .
we know that they knew each other and posed for photos and whatnot but they have n't been shown to be friends like say tracer and winston have .
in england that amount of gas would cost us over £35
but i 'm a rare case no serious dysphoria no depression etc .
not reading down because there are currently over 2500 comments ... but hunger games .
i put it on in the background on netflix while playing a game on steam and wound up paying far more attention to the movie then i thought i would
the downfall of the first titanfall was that it was so basic and barebones that 's why people did n't stick with it .
also they are decomposing so the weight of a heavy load will probably tear the apart relatively fast .
no blocked hits do n't count but nikitin 's hits were wild hooks thrown with his head down the majority of those do not count he was looking just to hurt conway not score points .
michelle carter who won gold for the usa is gorgeous .
she can get it for real i would smash that .
firaxis be like how dare these people want to play our game quick let 's punish them for wanting to play our game '' .
however if they have been leakage i would think they would want to slow down releasing content .
do n't want the audience to know too much too early .
for example did you know that you could use seance from original innistrad to get back artisan of kozilek and then cast new'mrakul and use sundial of the infinite to skip the rest of the seance trigger then make your opponent cast reflector mage on you artisan of kozilek so you can cast it on you next turn and get back new'zilek causing kozilek 's return to trigger after kozilek returns ?
i 'm impressed how wizards has weaved subtle hints across three planes to make a more enjoyable game for us vorthoses
hey man it makes me laugh every time i watch it no matter how dumb the jokes are .
personally think its better than forgetting sarah marshall which i also love .
might have to mostly do with my router as my device has its own channel on the router and so does everyone elses .
maybe a bit of voip lag but thats it .
because you ca n't enjoy a sunny day with first experiencing a few rainy days .
we prefer to think of it as making records great again .
i think it 's good the he put the s there because there are lots of people out there who would seriously react like this at least in the time i played online i encountered a lot of people who i assume would do ...
lindor had a career .738 ops in the minors while swanson has a .803 ops in the minors and he 's only in his first full season .
if you 're gon na make a statement like that at least try to back it up with something
that 's probably about the best you can expect of any nation .
i went to the front door and looked through the peephole .
there was a smiling woman there but she looked strange .
i opened the door and was immediately jumped by 5 people .
they grabbed me and shoved me against the wall .
i could n't breathe because the whole moment felt so surreal .
i was crying out and struggling as they tried to pull my clothes off .
there were two people who casually stood in front of me watching the whole thing happen .
they were a couple a man and a woman .
the man wore a black leather jacket and the girl was dressed in punk clothes .
they watched me smiling and talked about what to do with me .
i broke free at some point i do n't know how – i guess i pulled out of a loose grip and managed to run a few meters uninterrupted .
i just barely got out of the front door when i was grabbed again .
i saw a woman and her child across the street and i screamed for help .
she laughed at me and said oh you ! as if i was joking .
she walked inside while her young daughter sat in their front yard .
i hit the floor hard and they stripped me and forced me on my hands and knees .
the power couple took the lead and got to work .
the girl stripped me and gave me sick encouragements .
she groped at me and i cried and begged for her to stop but it was her boyfriend who was the worst .
he was the one who grabbed me by the hips and entered me from behind making sure that i felt humiliated every second of the way – calling me names making me feel like trash .
she watched egging him on while other members touched me .
when they were finished with me they took me with them .
i saw exactly how big their group was – there were dozens of them most of them men .
they were stationed at a huge abandoned building complex and it was their party .
i was led by the couple through the party as they cheerfully gave me a tour .
they led me to a smaller more private room and gave me alcohol .
i drank it because i knew what was coming next and that there was nothing i could do to stop it .
after a minute or two they pulled me in and i eventually ended up in a nonconsensual threesome .
another man came into the room and joined in .
i felt awful but i was n't screaming or struggling .
the beer made me more docile and i let them do whatever they wanted to me .
i was much more obedient and participated in their sick parties without much resistance .
during one of the parties the leader man made me join a competition .
there were four other people with me naked some of them men some of them women .
he smugly told us to do our best to pleasure him while also pleasuring each other and that the winner would be rewarded .
we became a mess of sweaty and desperate bodies and he laid in the middle of the mess enjoying every second of it .
i won but i think it was only because i was his favorite .
the others were strangers not members of his group .
i was his toy and he loved to make me do things i did n't want to do .
the reward was the honor of him having sex with me while the others watched .
i had been raped several times but that competition changed me .
it was a whole new level of obedience and degradation .
i ca n't even begin to describe the awful feeling it made me feel deep inside .
the group had kidnapped many adolescents at least two dozen maybe three .
they ranged between 7 to 15 years old and they were made to go to school .
the abandoned building was big and the couple would teach classes to the children .
i do n't remember their exact words but their main mantras centered around blind obedience and violence .
i do n't know why i was the exception but i still went to school with the rest of the kids .
i remember one day the couple was giving everyone haircuts .
one brave child raised his hand and asked when he could leave and go home .
the leader man laughed and said you need to earn your way out of here .
it 's gon na take you at least 15 haircuts to do that !
why did i have to stay as long as everyone else ?
i was the only who had to go to their sick parties .
i was the only one who had to go to class and be their toy .
i could n't be in another sex competition just being in it once had changed me .
i was going to lose myself if i stayed here for 3 years .
i waited until after class when i had a little bit more alone time – a.k.a .
having nothing to do while other group members walked around carrying out errands .
i waited until no one was looking in my direction and i sprinted for the door .
i was surprised to see that we were by a crowded beach boardwalk .
i was about to continue running for it when i saw a familiar face .
a hundred feet away from me my mother was in the crowd not looking in my direction .
i yelled out mom ! but by the time she turned towards me i had already been dragged inside .
he threw me onto the floor calling me names and reprimanding me .
he picked me up and threw me again several times usually into chairs and tables .
he finally stopped and stood over me glaring at me .
he grabbed me by the collar of my shirt pulling me up while also leaning in close .
with a sickening smile he told me that i had better make it up to him tonight .
he let go of me and walked out of the room .
i sat there on the floor badly bruised and terrified .
there were no weapons in sight so i grabbed a large fork .
nobody was in the room so i ran for the door .
i made it outside when someone grabbed my arm .
i turned around and saw a big burly man a member of the group .
he hesitated then said be careful. i did n't trust him so i threw the fork at him and ran .
i saw my mom in the crowd and i called for her .
she turned and saw me and started to call my name as well .
i waded through the crowd and we collided in an embrace .
our reunion was short-lived because i heard the leader shout my name .
i turned around and there he was running towards us furious .
we started to run away and we made it to an isolated park area .
he tackled me from behind and i screamed because i knew that he would kill me .
he was on top of me and screaming that i 'd pay for leaving .
my mum pulled him off and there was a struggle .
she took out a knife and had the advantage .
he got a strange look on his face and he suddenly snatched the knife out of her hand and stabbed himself in the stomach with it .
we both froze staring at him in complete shock .
in one swift motion he pulled the knife out and slashed it across my mother 's torso .
he slowly dissipated into smoke leaving behind the knife .
i looked at my mother and she had turned into a colorful fish flopping weakly .
i picked her up and held her in my hands as she took her last breath .
i cried and begged for her to wake up .
the dream ended on a bittersweet note – i was free but i lost all i had .
i have no idea where the smoke and fish part came from but it was sad nonetheless .
it was one of those nightmares that lingered the entire day and dampened my mood .
i ca n't describe a horrific dream like this to my friends so i just wanted to let it out here .
hi so i saw that the dragons of legend unleashed comes out on the 19th and on amazon it 's 60 right now .
is that just because it is n't technically out yet or do prices usually drop on/after release ?
these past few days i have been trying to learn the eden editor for the first time .
it 's been a struggle as i knew it would but one particular thing sort of bugs me i have such limited options as far as units vehicles etc .
every video on youtube i watch they 're selections are far more than mine .
i have tried downloading mods searching for vehicles aircraft more vehicles '' but nothing comes up in the workshop .
so i saw this problem in one of my friend 's textbooks and i was interested because my mom used to do the same thing for me and my brother .
a fair apportionment of dividing a leftover piece of cake between two children is to let child 1 cut the cake into two pieces and then to let child 2 pick which piece he or she wants .
consider the following apportionment of dividing the leftover piece of cake among three children .
let the first child cut the cake into two pieces .
then the second child is permitted to cut one of those pieces into two parts .
child 3 can select any of the pieces followed by child 2 selecting one of the remaining pieces followed by child 1 who gets the remaining piece .
is this allocation process fair if each child 's goal is to maximize the size of his/her own piece of cake ?
is there a way for it to work with 4 or more people ?
ten years ago while attending college i had sex with a friend of a friend i 'm male she 's female one night .
from what i remember she wanted more while i was not interested in anything further including hooking up again so we never really spoke after that one night one of the many things i 'm not proud of from the college days .
fast forward to now and i find out that this girl is a teacher at the school i just got a job at and she 's in the same department .
i was told i 'll probably be using her room for one of my classes .
i 've moved on as i 'm sure she has .
however do i need to say anything to anyone hr building principal etc .
i may be overreacting here please tell me i 'm overreacting here but i worked very hard to land this position and if something is going to jeopardize it i 'd rather know now so i can do something about it whether that be disclosing the past history and/or looking elsewhere .
r lf a bonzor sassy nature preferred but will take any and a dragonite quiet or adament nature preferred but will take any even dratini and a shellder naive/jolly preferred but will take any
so i 'm 17 and i 'm doing streaming for extra life and looking for people to play with me on stream
i 'm a nocturne jg main trying to get mastery 7 on stream presently .
i do n't mind who you are as long as you can have fun makes jokes take things lightly .
i 've got a decent many steam games and play world of warcraft on saurfang primarily alliance .
so i was riding in my friend 's car and he was in the middle of telling me a story that was emotionally significant for him .
completely out of the blue i interrupt him and apologize that i have to make a call .
all of this i did without thinking at all .
i got my cellphone and called a friend whom i had n't talked to in several months .
she and i had been very very close friends before but after she had gotten into a relationship with a sketchy guy we sort of naturally drifted apart .
she answered the phone crying and asked how i knew .
she told me that she had hung up on her so seconds before i called to tell him that she had cheated on him .
she felt extremely guilty and would later go on to say that i saved her life by calling her when i did although she is quite dramatic so who knows really .
one of the strange things about the whole exchange was that it 's completely out of character for me to interrupt an emotionally heavy conversation like i did to call somebody .
i 'm the kind of person who gets annoyed when i feel like my friends are ignoring me for their phones and i avoid being on my phone when my friends are talking to me .
i did n't get a feeling or anything like that i just started acting as i was running on pure adrenaline or something the whole thing was completely thoughtless .
the girl and i had no mutual friends as we had met in my old hometown and i hand't spoken to/texted her in months so there was no i could have known that anything had happened .
she used to tell me before and after that i would say such unknowingly impactful things often at such unknowingly integral times that she thought it was my purpose in life to protect her .
i have n't talked to her in years but she always remembered the event the same way i do and agreed that it seemed extremely bizarre .
i apologize if this has been answered before i could n't find it in a quick search of the subreddit but how much does size of the targeting ring really matter ?
the official faq https support.pokemongo.nianticlabs.com/hc/en-us/articles/221957648-finding-and-catching-wild-pok c3 a9mon is quite explicit that you have the greatest chance of capturing the pokémon while the colored ring is at its smallest diameter '' but the detailed catch mechanics https pokemongo.gamepress.gg/catch-mechanics compiled by u/homu and others do n't reference the size of the ring so i 'm skeptical .
edit looks like the consensus at this point is yes '' the ring has to be smaller in order to get great '' and even smaller to get excellent '' throws which in turn increase the capture rate x1.5 multiplier for excellent and tentatively ?
x1.3 for great according to the catch mechanics on gamepress https pokemongo.gamepress.gg/catch-mechanics .
let me know if i 'm wrong or if you have more data to share !
edit2 wow hold the conclusion it looks like that while the relationship between the size of the circle and the ability to get great '' or excellent '' throws for xp bonuses is clear we 're actually not too sure about whether or how any of this affects the catch rate ! ?
this is fascinating stuff here 's hoping for some more data to point us in the right direction !
i plaied every mh series more or less since mhfu including 3rd about 600 hour every game so i think that i am a quite good hunter .
i still have two question that no have an anser
1 field horn i tryed to use this item but sincerly i did n't get the utility .
if i use it the monster may came in my area ?
if i hunt in unstable envirorment it force a new monster to appear ?
honestly i use it only to combine the other life antidot demon and armor
2 dung ammo ok the dung bombs are a good item force the large monster to change area force the monster to leve the pins and so on .
hunting the malfestion into the arena i notice that if i shot the dung ammo into his face he spamming the area of confusion '' less often .
it is possible or it was just my immagination ?
i have a public key whose fingerprint is 317b 2492 b8b6 1b0c 809e 7bb0 bdef 6a75 7436 70e0
finally i am proving my reddit account by posting it in r/keybaseproofs
i used to out smoke everyone i knew in high school .
i began smoking less and less and in smaller amounts .
it like weed used to be a good thing .
i keep vowing to myself i 'll never smoke weed again but then i remember all the good times i 've had and take a hit .
it makes me trip out and not in a good way .
three of my friends are schizophrenic and they still love weed .
maybe it 's just in my head and i 'll be able to smoke again eventually .
what are yalls thoughts and experiences with smoking bud and being schizoaffective ?
have you noticed any differences being on/off medication and smoking ?
i lost so much early on its hard to come close to resetting my mmr .
constantly losing 20-22 lp a loss and gaining 16-17 a win .
i spent so much money on my account on skins but im starting to realize that was a mistake on my 1st account .
took me an entire year to hit silver on main account .
i have two alt accounts that hit silver in promotional .
i wish there was a way to do a one time respec .
if you want to play a mario game like i do then tell me about him god damn it !
soundcloud deleted it and i ca n't find it anywhere else .
so here 's my wrath and darth nox with their current gearset .
i nearly shat my pants when i got this it 's so good .
the artist does commissions she does a great job and her prices are absolutely fair .
for anyone who wants artwork done star wars or otherwise here 's her deviantart link .
so in the articel i read on how to enable supersampling the file where im supposed to add the text looks like this http imgur.com/a/kujwc
with the way my desk space is set up my viewing distance is approximately 28 '' from the monitor .
with a resolution of 2560 x 1080 which do you think would work out better ?
i 'm just concerned that a relatively lower resolution would look out of place on the larger monitor .
i do n't want to go 1440p because of cost and the fact that i 'm always relegated to mid-range gpus .
currently running a 970m for the time being until i build another desktop .
hi i 'm selling a genuine tactics pin code from batch 2 of welovefine 's shop
i 'm looking for 8 keys or 20 of skins flexible on skins though .
i 'm not looking to go first but am willing to if you have rep .
prefer to have a middleman if possible unless you are going first .
i 'm having trouble figuring out how to start this so i 'm just going to go for it no holds barred .
i hope you can help me gain some perspective .
i 'm going to go through a long and storied history so bear with me please .
i 'm doing this in part as a mental dump for myself to see it all out in front of me on the screen for once .
i 'm assuming that maybe i 'll be able to get some assistance here in regards to unpacking all of the issues and perhaps some unbiased logical perspective outside of my own feelings .
it 's going to be an extensive read so i thank everyone in advance who takes the time to indulge in my drama and offer up some help .
i have been dating my current gf for for the past three years with us meeting through a mutual friend in the summer of '13 when i was 31 and she was 25 .
upon meeting her i felt like i had finally found the woman that i would marry .
she was intelligent ambitious/passionate about her career completely gorgeous in my eyes and an apparent equal .
in the first weeks of our relationship we did what i think many couples do seeing each other on a daily basis after work whether going out or visiting at one of our homes talking on the phone until the early hours of the morning sharing personal details and talking about basically everything i was completely smitten .
we eventually became physically intimate about a month into the relationship after seemingly getting to know each other pretty well given the frequency of our contact .
just as additional background information that may be relevant to the rest of the post at the time i was looking for a new job which i would find a few months later and she had a day job and worked one night of the weekend bar tending to make added income .
i had been out of a ltr of 10 years 5 years non-serious '' 5 years totally committed for a little over a year and she had apparently ended her last 1 year relationship 2-3 months prior to meeting me .
my previous relationship was with a woman with a 13-year-old daughter at the time of the split who i continue to maintain a close relationship with after the break up i knew her since she was 3 and we were both major parts of each other 's lives .
the gf is very supportive of this and they get along great .
we spent a great deal of time together and were in constant text/e-mail communication throughout our days .
during that time period there were a few things that i noticed about her that made me raise an eyebrow for half a second but i truly gave them no weight chalking them up to normal things that occur in the early stages of dating anyone .
she would receive regular calls and messages from her most recent ex-bf we can call him ex 1 which she told me about .
she claimed that she wanted no parts of him but that he was n't not over their break-up and continued to want to talk about them '' .
despite her claims she would always entertain the conversations .
once all three of us were in the same place at her weekend bar job and she made it a point to out of her way to go greet him and converse despite the fact he was n't seemingly paying her any attention at that moment .
again given what she had said about him i found it a little weird '' but just filed it under things that happen when breakups are relatively new '' and shrugged it off .
my own ex would still call me and argue/be dramatic particularly about her daughter and i which i would share with my current gf so in a way i could relate .
however in my case i carried on contact to the degree i had to to preserve my relationship with the child .
past that i had no reason to talk to her and would n't .
i noticed she had out-of-state plates on her car different than the state in which we both live we have always lived about 5-10 minutes away from each other since the start of our relationship .
about a month in out of pure curiosity when the subject of the car came up i asked her why because i had always assumed her vehicle was registered at a relative 's home or something .
she told me that her car was registered at another ex 's address we can call him ex 2 whom she had a relationship with before the guy above and she had previously lived with .
if i 'm remembering correctly they had been broken up since around 2010 or '11 .
as the conversation progressed she told me that she still received mail over there as she did n't bother changing her address due to a job search around the time of their break-up the job preferred that candidates were living in that state and since pure laziness .
i also learned that she would stop by the apartment to pick up her mail on a regular basis .
again it made me feel uncomfortable in the moment but again i shrugged it off .
we ran into ex 2 at a restaurant she took me to .
while there she introduced us he was with a date and we made small talk for a few minutes .
at one point he asked her when she was coming by to get the mail .
it was another time that i felt a little strange but still to this day i ca n't put my finger on why .
i 'm not sure if it was his comment or the fact that i then wondered if she was taking me to one of their past haunts ... i really do n't know .
after we sat down she asked me if i was okay and i said yeah i told her it was a brief instance of awkwardness for obvious reasons but i was cool .
we ended up having a great dinner and a good evening .
the last instance was where i felt compelled to say something .
it came when we were solidly two months in .
one night after sleeping over my house she was getting ready for work in the morning and she asked if i could grab some clothes for her out of her car while she showered .
upon going to grab her things out of her trunk i saw a pair of men 's shoes that were n't my own .
i grabbed what i needed to get and went back upstairs not saying anything .
she asked me if i saw anything that made me uncomfortable i said no '' .
this was n't the truth at the time but i did n't know how i wanted to approach the situation especially first thing in the morning so i decided to sit on it .
she asked me a few more times if i was sure so in turn i asked her was there anything there that you would think would make me uncomfortable ? ''
she told me that she knew the shoes were there that they belonged to ex 1 and that she found them at her place and put them in the car to give them to him the next time they ran into each other .
she left and texted me on her way to work that she knew seeing that was weird '' and that she was sorry .
at the time i did n't know it but that day after she got off work she drove to his house to drop off the shoes .
she would share that with me later in the evening .
i was noticing a pattern of several ghosts of relationships past floating around in close proximity and i felt that i needed to say something .
i think these things cumulatively compounded on top of each other and finally felt like i was legitimately taking issue with them .
after a day of deliberating alone when she got off work and told me her intentions of dropping the shoes off we got on the phone during her ride home .
i let her know that i was alarmed about the possibility of her not being ready for a relationship with me as it felt like she had too much unfinished business and loose ends with other people i finally recounted the examples above in an attempt to show her that this was just coming out of the blue behind one event .
i told her that i had very strong feelings for her but that all of these things were outside of my own personal boundaries in terms of engagement with past loves and that i did n't feel positive about moving forward .
i just felt like everyone she had been with was just too close for my own comfort .
initially she went off on me claiming that i did n't see the love she had for me and that i was making a big mistake that while she understood how i felt i was making an issue out of nothing .
i told her that i was n't make a judgement issue on how she did things or lived her life it just did n't fit in with how i do things and how i 'd prefer my partner to do things .
at this point i was n't angry or upset just bummed out behind the fact that a relationship that i felt was the one was going to be a bust .
nonetheless i figured that cutting it off early before the emotional involvement was too high would be the best bet .
i have a pretty firm idea of what 's appropriate for me and it made sense to not continue in a situation that i did n't feel was workable .
long story short after several conversations over the next few days some more dramatic than others at one point she got really nasty after drinking and went off on me via text about how i was simply throwing her away '' i decided to be a little more elastic with my boundaries .
she told me that she understood how all of these little events could paint a bad picture about who she was but she was completely committed to me and all these things were just odd coincidences due to poor management on her part .
i admired that response and figured i do n't know everything there is to know and i want to practice being more understanding of others ' viewpoints and perspectives .
for the next couple of months things were good .
i was happy to still be with her but admittedly i still wondered about her place in our relationship and quietly about her commitment to me vs. her potentially still needing connection with her past lovers .
i did n't say much about any of it and on its face our relationship was great .
there were a few instances that had me giving her a face '' see things like an 11pm call from ex 2 wondering if she was in their old neighborhood because he saw some other people from her job there but mostly i played everything cool .
what happened happened and we were off on a better foot .
as we moved into the fall and winter months we got closer and closer and i felt maybe even more attracted to her and together '' than i had even in the beginning .
we started to establish couple routines '' and seemed to be meshing pretty well .
however a new bump in the road would appear during that time via good ol ' social media .
around then i decided to hop on instagram to keep up with my friends everyone was doing it right ?
she had been an avid user from the time that we met and she 'd regularly share photos on her profile with me before i joined even posting photos of me a couple times .
when i finally did set up an account of my own obviously we followed each other .
i noticed that there was one guy who constantly would leave comments on her pictures damn near everyone save for those i was in lol .
his comments ranged from kissy faced emojis to flames see you look hot '' to a few that were without a doubt laced with sexual innuendo .
from about november '13 to january '14 i noticed that this went on quite regularly .
in keeping true to my usual fashion i did n't jump out the window at the first instance but after two months i mentioned it to her in casual conversation .
i noticed he seems to be a huge fan of you . ''
oh that 's just insert his real name here .
i know him from when i used to work at insert her last job here he 's always had some sort of weird crush on me .
at the time my tone and expression showed that i was obviously bothered but i pulled an alonzomourning.gif and kept it moving .
she knew i was n't really feeling it but again it 's not my nature to make a huge stink over things like that .
i told her that i did n't like it and that i 'd like if it stopped .
i said fine no big stink and we kept it moving .
still and all i walked away from the talk feeling uneasy .
how she explained who this person was let 's call him instagram guy just did n't sit right in my gut .
still according to her she told him he needed to ease up on that kind of commenting it did n't cease but it slowed down .
i was in the midst of a conversation with an old friend woman in which my current so came up .
she let me know that they had met prior to me meeting either of them through a friend of hers yup instagram guy .
apparently according to my old friend ig guy and my so were once an item and had talked '' previously .
this was news to me so i confronted my gf with it asking why she was dishonest about the situation .
she claimed that she was n't proud of her relationship with him that he was n't the kind of guy she wanted to be associated with in regards to her romantic history etc .
she claimed that they had talked/dated/slept together a few times but it was n't a real relationship '' .
i let her know that this was a bit of a blow due to the untruthfulness and in a way substantiated this previously held idea that she maintains these connections with past flames in ways that extend past just being regular friends that there was always something extra '' or in this case that boundaries that were being crossed in inappropriate ways .
i was mad for a few days behind this .
i felt like she intentionally deceived me and i was embarrassed and felt foolish to have found this out from a third party in the way that i did .
i do n't feel she handled it the best way either .
instead of copping to it all and being totally apologetic or worried about my reaction she was somewhat defensive this will become a major theme in this story .
all we did was hook up '' and things to the effect of we do n't have to tell each other everything '' etc .
she went on to discuss this matter with the guy as well going off on him for spreading their old business '' i guess which she felt was him discussing whatever he did with that old friend of mine .
she almost seemed to toggle between this type of defensiveness and being apologetic which led to confusion and mixed emotions on my part .
i entertained breaking up at this point because for a 6 month old relationship these circumstances started to seem like they were red flags .
i let my love and passion for her and my attraction be the driving force .
in retrospect i sometimes question why that was enough .
still we devolved into what felt like constant arguments and i found myself irritable with her .
i began to feel a little insecure about where i stood with her and again wondered what was the draw to keeping all of these people in such close proximity in the ways that she was .
granted i understand that exes can be friends but so much of what i am outlining seemed to extend past that the spaces these people occupied in her current life seemed too large '' and they were too regular in regards to frequency of engagement i guess in a way that i feel most friendly ex 's are n't .
furthermore at this point it started to feel like it was n't just one person who she had a closeness to it felt like every person she had ever been with at at least that i knew about .
if it was the former and not the latter perhaps it 'd feel different .
admittedly though as i started to collect all of this baggage in my mind regarding her and all of the previous men in her life especially now with an uncovered lie in the picture my thoughts drifted often to what else i did n't know and who it potentially concerned .
one morning after laying around and texting with friends i decide to head out for a run while she stays in bed asleep at my apartment .
at this point we are okay but as mentioned previously we were having more fights than normal .
i think my anger and hurt behind the instagram situation i feel like a damn fool typing that at 34 believe me inflamed average day-to-day disagreements and just put a dark cloud above the relationship .
i was mad and i felt rightfully so but i figured it 'd pass with time .
nonetheless after coming back from my run she is up and we start discussing how we 're going to start our day .
at one point i believe that i commented on her hair or something about her body .
it was complimentary telling her i found something hot '' about her i 'm not really sure at this point .
but her response was are you sure that 's what you like ? ''
she said i do n't know maybe you like a different type of girl . ''
it took all of two seconds to compute what she meant .
i had been in a group chat with a few my guy friends and one happened to post a picture of a girl we all knew from one of her social media profiles it was meant as a simple hey guys look a such-and-such she 's looking damn good . ''
simple guy things which i never do but i will respond to .
i could have said a lot more given the picture see dat body lol but i do my best to keep my relationship brand '' intact even in front of my friends i always err on the side of how would she feel if she saw this '' lessons from my youth and past relationships taught me that it 's better to just keep it cool because you never know .
granted even if i said more as long as it was n't x-rated i do n't think she 's the overly-jealous type to have taken a major issue with it but again i err on the side of i only have eyes for you '' x you never know how someone will interpret something .
long story short she went in my phone while i was out .
so i said oh you went in my phone ?
me damn pretty good then if that 's the worst you found .
she grinned at me as i was making a big joke over the whole thing .
i did n't feel my privacy was invaded or anything i really cared less at the time .
i did ask her though why she did it .
she said because i feel like you 're always accusing me of bad girlfriend behavior so i started to feel like there 's no way you could not have any bad behavior on your end . ''
i gave her the side-eye pursed lips and all and simply replied i guess you were wrong about that .
crazy that a guy could just be a good boyfriend huh ? ''
still i did n't make a big deal about it at all i felt it was more funny than anything .
we are still in our regular routine acting as if we are living together every night in the same bed at one of our homes things are good for the most part and we are discussing possibly moving in together .
i am excited about the prospect of us being more settled and more committed .
still i was somewhat clinging to whatever worry was associated with our past though i am not allowing it to sit on the surface of our day to day interactions .
i felt as if i was walking around with a lot of unanswered questions .
furthermore i spent a lot of time re-examining our earliest days together stories that she told about her life before me about her break-ups and i found myself picking out contradictions or anecdotes that felt abnormal they left a nagging feeling that would n't go away .
i wanted us to move forward but i knew that i had to clear my mental space of these things once and for all to feel totally comfortable about taking the next step .
one day she was planning to take the day off from work and go with her mother to take a relative who was in town from their home country sightseeing .
i was going to go about my regular work day and we had plans to come back to my place later that night .
as she did n't go to work she left her laptop behind at my apartment do you see where this is going ? .
getting home in the afternoon i noticed it sitting in the living room but i was n't going to touch it despite feeling like all that was in my mind could be put to rest one way or the other either i was going to have all my fears confirmed or realize that it was all in my head .
i struggled for the next couple hours waffling back and forth between snooping or not .
eventually that evening while she was still out my curiosity and insecurity got the best of me and so i looked .
add to that there was the justification of '' she snooped for no real good reason at least i have one .
she was always logged into all of her accounts so everything was opened up to be seen .
after browsing through things and few searches i learned the following
we once had a conversation about break ups initiated by her .
she was curious as to why i was with my ex-so for so long but did n't get married so we swapped our stories or at least i thought we did .
i gave my reasons and she gave hers especially focusing on ex 2 the one she lived with since that was a 3 year long relationship .
she had always told me that they broke up simply from growing apart and her not being happy .
in reality as past e-mails and chats told me she had cheated on ex 2 with instagram guy while they lived together .
she would lie about having to work late and go over to her affair partner 's apartment then come home to her bf at the time .
as a side note ex 2 seemed to be a pretty stand up guy by all accounts he moved her into his apartment while footing most of the bills and later moved in her grandmother who was sick and needed to be closer to the city for her treatment for the greater part of a year .
nonetheless she still found it in herself to do a pretty scummy thing .
she did n't feel like he was giving her the attention she wanted .
he found out similarly by going into her laptop after feeling like something was up .
we once had a conversation about cheating asking if we had ever been cheated on or had done the cheating i admitted to my past indiscretions and told her that i believe that i was cheated on in the past she said she had been cheated on but never cheated .
after being put out on the street by ex 2 she ended up staying with instagram guy for a little while until she realized as she would tell me once confronted with all this she was living a lie '' .
apparently at the same time she was attempting to talk to the man she cheated on to get him back but he had gone nc .
she would also tell me later that she decided to not talk to either of them for a time but later resumed the relationships as friendships later hence the fact all these people were still around after we got together .
after air quotes cutting both of them off she engaged in a relationship with a married man who was in an open relationship '' .
i knew nothing about this despite the fact we talked at length about our respective relationship histories .
later when i asked her about this she would claim that she was okay with such an arrangement because 1. the nature of his relationship with his wife and 2. she felt things would eventually change .
they would later break up '' because she got tired of being second '' being hung up on i assume when the wife walked in while he was trying to sneak a call and having to keep their relationship secret .
now i do n't know much about open relationships but to me this just sounded like he fed her bs was in a monogamous relationship and was just cheating on his wife .
nonetheless she still was dating and sleeping with someone she knew was married after an affair of her own .
she would later tell me that after this relationship '' ended she would never talk to him again .
i may have left this out earlier but after the whole instagram guy '' part of how she explained her relationship with him was he was just some guy she knew from before and they stayed in touch via social media .
her gchat records would show actually no they chatted basically every day including through the whole year we were together .
most of the talks were benign but nonetheless it was another untruth on her part .
he was definitely flirtatious and anyone with half a brain could see he still had a thing for her see asking her to hang out saying how he missed her she would later claim that yes she knew he still had a thing for her but she had it under control from her end so it did n't matter .
miscellaneous things her bad mouthing me to her friends as well as our mutual friends her friends basically co-signing all of her bad behavior mentioned above etc .
there was a few more small items i ca n't recall but they all just added up to painting a much different picture of a person than the one i thought i knew .
she came home that night and i said nothing about anything i learned .
we talked about the day had sex and went to sleep .
the next day she would realize that i searched her laptop by the history of the search inquiries in her g-mail account .
she texts me about this and i basically let her know everything that i found .
after a long chat via gchat at the end of my work day in which she was n't all that apologetic about anything and more so making a case for why she did n't feel like she could tell me these things mostly because she felt i look down on her and that i 'm judgmental i made her feel like i was so much better than her and i would never accept these things to which i basically said
i worshiped the ground you walk on and had already found out some bad things about you which never came with judgement .
you did n't tell me for your own selfish reasons because it 's apparent that lying is your nature and you want to depict yourself as a person who you 're really not .
i did n't think that before but i know it now because even discussing my worst times you always got my honesty that makes me better .
this then spiraled into what would begin a cycle of toxicity that would extend for the next year and a half into the present .
it began with the next week being a barrage of e-mails from her saying how sorry she was how she knows she hurt me how she needed help and was planning to seek therapy and eventually somehow find her way back to me .
spoiler alert he would find her way back to me but she never would seek that therapy on her own .
after weeks of back and forth conversations texts and an eventual meet-up we started talking again .
i write this now from this vantage point and wonder how i mustered up the ability to do it but i was definitely in love with her .
i wanted it so bad to work out with her that even all that i found out all i was lied to about i really wanted to accept and push past .
i told her that my trust for her was completely shot .
she said she was going to make an effort to rebuild it by being completely transparent opening up her online accounts to me etc .
she said she wanted to clear out her apartment and online accounts of anything that was a remnant of her past life .
i never requested any of this but she felt that by having an open window to her present life after coming totally clean about the past see it 's all out now i have nothing else to lie about '' that we could rebuild something .
she blocked all of the aforementioned cast members on all of social media shut down her instagram and deactivated her facebook .
if anyone see past flings would reach out by some other means she would forward or screenshot things to show me to them usually her shutting it down '' per se .
the only condition on my end was if there 's anything else to tell large or small tell it because if i find it out later or through any other means besides you it 's going to be a crushing blow here .
i had never been a snooper my entire life until this situation .
never felt compelled to do so in the past so the idea of looking into someone 's things was very uncomfortable .
still she implored me to do it saying it was the only way .
if she had a conversation with someone that she mentioned you should go in and read it ... ..like go now read it . ''
i eventually got more comfortable with checking up so any time that insecurity would arise i would log in .
she always knew as we discussed it when it would happen .
nonetheless sad to say as the first few months of this went on i would find out a few other things that were unsettling
i found out a few months prior march 2014 to that she had lied about going out for drinks with a co-worker and asked another co-worker to cover for her in the instance that it came up when/if i was around .
apparently this was never divulged later because she simply forgot about it when she was trying to come clean '' .
the ghost '' of her cheating married ex-bf was n't a ghost .
she mentioned in an e-mail to a colleague that they had been in contact they worked in the same field relatively recently during that time period .
a restaurant that i thought was our place '' apparently was n't .
i took her there for the first time we celebrated her birthday .
i checked to make sure she had never been because i wanted it to be special and we would later take my parents there on a double date to show it off '' .
found an old message from around that time between her and a friend that said omg he 's taking me to the place that married ex-bf and i broke up at and i 'm having crazy feelings about it . ''
the rationalization later was we broke up in front of the place we never made it in that night to have drinks and talk . ''
possibly true but i do n't know made things feel ... '' tainted '' .
right after said fan became beshitted she was asked to hang by a former male colleague she basically brushed it off but said to her friends in a group e-mail thread do n't mention guy 's name here asking me to hang my name here would kill me .
this was six weeks after we had this whole talk about complete transparency .
she prior to the laptop event would regularly chat with other random guys some from her past non-serious relationships some former colleagues all without a doubt attempting to hang out with her or go meet for drinks mostly under the guise of friendship like we guys tend to do but it was all bs .
she would turn them down citing work or some other obligation but never saying anything about me as a reason .
even one old friend '' said i want to take you out on a date . ''
she would claim later that this was just joking .
after a few months of transparency '' only to find these new things out when i finally got around to checking '' on her i broke ties again this time going nc for a month .
i just told her in a nutshell you 're still lying at worst and at best you did n't follow through with my one condition i did n't want to find any of these things out via some weird snooping i want you to tell me . ''
furthermore the whole thing just felt counter-intuitive to what she was trying to do opening up something to just expose more untruths .
eventually the nc would break and we began to talk again .
we tried it while easing back into relationship things and it was somewhat helpful but after a while the conversations would shift away from the past issues i wanted to address to discussions of communication and the present and how her relationship with her mother was affecting our dynamic .
after three months with one really poor counselor and three months with another better one i just threw my hands up and said this is fine but i do n't feel like it 's really worth the time or the money .
since then we have had what feels like a year 's worth of conversations arguments fights and planning all surrounding our relationship trust fidelity etc .
i feel like i learned a lot about her and about myself during this time both positives and negatives .
to a degree i feel like she has done her best to try '' and make up for the past .
she claims that there is nothing else to hide and that she has not lied .
she has since decided to close her accounts back up but says i have access to whatever i want and continues to forward me evidence '' when she has it to back up word about plans or obligations .
she has claimed that all of those old ways talking to people allowing inappropriate advances not maintaining appropriate boundaries have stopped and i do n't have any evidence to the contrary .
she has attempted to integrate me into her life more bringing me to events with coworkers and family and is constantly talking about us taking steps to get closer there is a lot of talk about kids and marriage and she says she wants to work out a timetable to make progress so that we can move in together .
she claims that none of the things that happened are reflective of her love for me and that they were just the product of her own personal issues and a fear of losing me .
odd because i felt like all of those things are the exact things that would get a person lost '' .
i expressed to her that certain things after all this aggravate certain feelings in me .
she has been several times away for work as well as taken a few trips with family or friends .
i do n't like when she stays out late whether with friends or co-workers i feel suspicious of her constantly and always wonder what she is up to .
again while she has attempted to bring me along to some things in the name of togetherness and you can come along since you do n't trust me '' i have also been not-invited or excluded see i did n't get an invitation to a family wedding and she did n't protest to others .
she has made promises to not travel without me or to not stay out so late if we are n't together but she has fallen down on them numerous times .
there have been at least more than one occasion where the circumstances around an event felt shady but i do n't know if that 's real or just my own paranoia at this point .
i feel there have been and still are inconsistencies in her effort to make this relationship whole again and on my end when i feel slighted and i feel slighted so easily now i go into a defensive mode and distance myself as to not be hurt again .
i find that i am more vigilant than ever in trying to sniff out problems and nitpicking over analyzing to shield myself from new pain .
she claims she is trying to have the relationship she wants to have '' i maintain that we first have to deal with the relationship we are in '' and work back on past pains before we can move forward .
i just do n't know how to do that .
i have moved from a confident secure person to one who is perpetually anxious and fearful .
i do n't feel like my feet are ever solidly on the ground in this thing and it is creeping into other facets of my life .
i find at times i am even physically anxious to be around her .
over time things have just begun to feel more and more toxic and more and more i feel resentment has made a home on my end and is creeping into hers .
she told me recently that she does n't feel my outward love for her that the only time she feels that i care for her is during sex while i do n't totally agree given that i still do so much for her i do admit that i do not express affection and admiration in the ways i once did because given all this baggage there has been a shift in the way that i see her .
it 's hard to be expressive in these positive ways for someone you feel does n't even love or respect you enough to the point that they 'd engage in all the behaviors she has .
and i feel it 's in part because every time i re-extended those things she shit all over them .
for what feels like a year now it feels that we are just in a pool of dysfunction .
i know that in both of us there is this passionate fire that burns for each other and oddly aside from our major issues we like who each other is .
this may sound like it 's all bad but the times where these things fall to the side we have great times together and get along .
in a moment where all this is forgotten about i do n't get along with anyone better than her .
i have thought we should have just been friends from the beginning because it was romance that messed up what could have been a great relationship . ''
it 's just hard to shake all of these things .
i liken it to weather vs. climate we went from having rainy days here and there to a constantly overcast climate and i do n't know how to get rid of it anymore .
i want to be married and have kids and i feel like we are so far away from that some days .
but i wonder if that 's because of issues we just need to figure out or if that 's just the way it is .
i feel like i 'm too old for this .
some days that i am keeping myself in an unhealthy situation and the best option is to just abandon it .
but for the same reasons that many stay i find myself rationalizing fear of the unknown of her being better for someone else of never finding the good i do feel for her in anyone else of sunk cost fallacy .
and i want to either make a way to make it all better or just find a way to finally end it for good and move on with my life .
lay me down on the couch and help me unpack this all .
i know there are so many things but i feel like i need to hear something that will create some sort of movement either way .
again i appreciate all of your help in advance and i am looking forward to your responses .
please this is my life so be as constructive and non-judgmental as you can but i need it straight .
tl dr girlfriend spent first 1.5 years of 3 year relationship lying about many important things over and over again .
we have spent the second 1.5 trying to get it right .
i have tried everything in the book still ca n't trust or forgive .
our relationship has become a cesspool of toxicity and resentment as a result and i feel like it 's all her fault .
i need to figure this out once and for all or move on .
the antal founded non power play player group guardians of harmony has extended its reach further .
commander hawk broke the good news to me the other evening .
the guardians of harmony has successfully expanded in to its 11th system .
if you want to get involved in a casual drop in drop out player group near utopia then check out .
i hope this is the right place to post this issue .
my computer worked fine before but after travelling with it to a new place it can no longer run any games .
it seems to run fine with everything loading times on internet are fast and i can watch youtube and use programs such as photoshop and sony vegas without problems .
but for some reson playing games is horrendous just a lot of stuttering and i ca n't move around properly .
i should also mention that everything gets slow on the computer while a game is running .
this should be a hardware problem caused by moving the computer .
unfortunately i ca n't seem to find the problem i will list what i have done .
the issue that performance monitor complained about was a missing driver for intel smart connect technology '' which should n't matter at all .
i first thought that it might be my hdd that was the problem because all of my games are on it .
but after starting the same game on the ssd i still had the same problem .
i should maybe add that i tried playing overwatch and wow and changing the setting to low did n't matter .
i have played witcher 3 on this computer without problems before .
looking for a glock 26 owb holsters for carrying what do you guys suggest ?
i am using virtualbox latest build as of last night on a windows 10 home au anniversary update laptop .
the guest runs fine but if i go into vb 's ui to change settings etc. the vb environment freezes .
it seems to happen most often when i select a menu .
i am forced to kill the vb 's processes and re-launch the app .
i know how to disable all mods but i do n't know how to remove a single mod .
i just got gta v and only installed rde and visual v. i thought they were compatible but i am getting a crash after installing rde .
ser barris sighed as he and his troop of men rode through the lightly shrouded forests of the land surrounding castle yronwood .
a few excitable laborers ran to the castle claiming that they had seen three savages in wolves clothing running about the woods but nymeria had believed none of it .
well at the very least publicly she did n't but barris had no doubt she wanted to find out what was causing such a ruckus in yronwood .
barris lead a small patrol of 20 men all horsed .
yronwood itself ran no patrols through their lands any movement was picked up well before around castle wyl and the rest of the boneway but it was n't unheard of for vagrants and bandits to move into the rich woods of yronwood .
trees were a rarity in dorne but yronwood was not found lacking for them .
their lands were the richest in natural resources throughout dorne something yronwoods time after time reminded people of .
they were proud rich and believed themselves by blood to be rulers .
barris had n't fought in the yronwood rebellions and they seemed a queer thing to him but serving under lady nymeria had helped him understand why they happened .
the yronwoods were proud to a fault almost arrogant they flaunted around the bloodroyal as if it meant something beyond a name .
nymeria 's father and grandfather had had too much pride and it proved to be costly for them .
after a few hours of searching they found their prey two men and one woman or so he thought .
they look disheveled like any other squatters or poachers who made their domain in the woods so he treated them like no different .
'' in the name of lady nymeria yronwood princess arianne martell and his grace king vaemar targaryen i ask what you are doing in these woods ?
i am looking for a medium coverage drugstore foundation tat can last through the buckets of sweat my face creates .
i get around by bike in la and im always dripping .
i swear all my sweat glands are in my face its insane .
ive seen requests like this but almost always for oily and sweaty skin .
and i dont want anything mattifying which seems to be the suggestion for people with oily skin id like a satin finish .
im not sure but here is a photo of me with no makeup on my face and in natural light .
my girlfriend has a very large extended family and a large friend group .
we have been together just under a year and i have already gone to both her family christmas parties her families july 4th party and 2 weddings with her .
i come from a very small family and only have two events every year that i go to .
i want to go to these events for her because i know they are important to her but the weddings really put it over the top for me .
i feel as though when i take my weekend to go to these events that i am missing out on spending that time with my friends and being at home relaxing after a long week at work .
how can i navigate these feelings and make it less of a burden in my head so it is n't as taxing on my mind ?
advice from people who have done this with their so would be appreciated !
tl dr my girlfriend who has a large family and friend group is always asking me to go to events .
i want to go to make her happy but am getting tired of missing out on time i can spend by myself or with my own friends .
how can i go about looking at things differently so it is n't such a drag to do this stuff ?
yes the latest idiotic chan op has been rolled out .
blm and the news® will perpetuate on any story about a black man getting shot without checking facts
we will prove this by fabricating the perfect dindu story they ca n't resist
social media outreach with multiple accounts to the news is key
the story is that police in detroit are covering up the murder of a young black teen that was walking down the street but was gunned down by a white cop riding by
they will burn their own city to the ground for no reason and the news® will be shamed when it is revealed that the entire story was fabricated and spread by the hacker known as 4chan
can someone set up a private chatroom for us to organize in ?
there are journalists and libcucks lurking this board who will spill the beans .
i 'm sure i have no idea what you are talking about .
http archive.is/ynrxn 8chan pol thread so expect the worse .
according to a recent video from drift0r https youtu.be/bwvah4qqyfi the new desert map that has just been showcased is the biggest one in the franchise .
he even goes into detail on this claim saying the dice devs actually directly told drift0r when he was at the gamescom event .
personally this news excites me and i ca n't wait to use the vehicles on the map and take advantage of the elite classes
i tried searching home depot 's website while i am at work but i ca n't seem to find what i am looking for .
i am looking to make the board out of maple or some other nicely grained wood .
but everything i come up with is either way too long or not wide enough .
i think ideally i 'd want something that is 1 inch thick 10inch wide and maybe 12inch long ?
i understand i may need to buy a slightly larger piece and cut it down but everything just seems to be way out of proportion to what i am looking for .
just curious how this is done by various directors their camera work ect .
i 'm a graduate student in medical anthropology at ucsf/uc berkeley and my dissertation research looks at grieving online .
the idea emerged out of the experience of losing my own father who died unexpectedly 2 years ago .
my project specifically explores how accessing sites such as online memorials facebook profiles and digital archives might allow people to feel connected to dead loved ones .
if you visit a particular website or sites to connect with a loved one who has passed please consider participating in my research .
to learn more about the project and about participating please contact me at molly.hales berkeley.edu
so i began reading berserk today and guts has one of the most depressing backstories i 've come across .
which got me wondering other than guts what other characters out there came from a depressing past ?
hello our guild endemic was previously on sylvanas alliance .
now we have decided today to reform it again on draenor horde .
our guild managed to kill archimonde mythic 300th in the world and after that many people felt they have no more reason to play the game and we disbanded .
today we decided to continue and try out the legion !
10 of us core players from original endemic met and we founded the guild .
our guild master winternite has big plans for legion .
once again we are looking for exceptional players only with the right attitude for mythic raiding and previous experience .
edit this was our guild which is now disbanded for more than half of a year http www.wowprogress.com/guild/eu/sylvanas/endemic/rating.rs_10
i have seriously studied music theory in high school and college and have taken jazz guitar lessons for 3 years where i learned jazz theory and harmony .
i recently fell in love with synthesizers and synth based electronic music .
to the point where i want to start messing around with them .
problem is that i have no skill on keyboard/piano .
i do have a digital piano that i bought years ago in order to self teach piano but i did n't stick with it for too long .
i want to become somewhat fluid on the piano but do n't care for classical music nor do i want to become a trained classical pianist .
is a teacher necessary or can i self teach ?
i figure i would just need to train chords and chord progressions .
i 'm just wondering how people would percieve an awkward individual and what would those traits be ?
because sometimes i think it 's all in my head but maybe not .
what are the main traits a socially awkward/weird person has that makes you think ... well that they 're weird or awkward .
i 've got the ps4 version of diablo 3 and i 'm not totally clear on the differences between platforms .
do i have access to all the same items and sets as the pc version ?
i keep hearing about this tal rasha season 7 stuff and i do n't really have seasons so are those unavailable or do they still drop for me ?
i know off the top of my head that space engineers medieval engineers and 7 days to die have this and dying light did ... but that was before the re-release not sure what happend with that .
so i 'm wondering if there 's a proper way to search for games that have this without having to guess and check '' them one by one to find it .
i have a local airsoft alpha location and they sell two kinds of m4s on their site for the same price 164.99 and i 'm not sure which one to pick any suggestions ?
i 've purchased two antennas and hope to install one this weekend .
my main concern is football so cbs fox and nbc are the most important channels for me .
i seem to be relatively close to all the stations and plan on mounting using my former directv equipment ideally including the cable too for quick while house setup .
which of the two antennas should work the best or are there other options that i should consider ?
also to reliably get the stations where should i point the antenna ?
viewtv da-290 indoor outdoor compact yagi hdtv antenna for roof or attic 80 miles range https www.amazon.com/dp/b01cke0hug/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_x7rtxbq72998e
i bought some from a friend around june 26th and they 've been in a sealed plastic bag in a dark and cool place since then .
is there any risk of them having lost potency or going bad in a 2 month span ?
it 's really starting to hit me now my bachelorette party is coming around .
i have 2 friends who are for sure coming .
i made a simple plan for my party yes i planned it because my moh is in a different state and my follow up has a lot going on we live close to a beautiful lake and i booked yes i paid for the reservation a two night spot at a camp ground walking distance from the beach .
it 's perfect get drunk stumble back to the tent for smores .
9 rsvped but 1 of them is more of a maybe and 3 of them have rsvped to other things and have bailed everytime one of which is 3rd in my line up and two are coming up just for the day and not camping .
i 'm having one of my girls invite her friends so we 're not just sad there alone .
my fiance says it 's because i did n't ask what everyone wanted to do as a group .
you do n't realize how fucking lame you are until you have to throw a party .
i built a pc recently and had it up and running for a solid two days of gaming .
i shut it off came back the next day and booted up to no keyboard detected . ''
i figured usb was just not powering up and attempted to clear the bios a number of ways .
i think it was successful because i 'm getting a when raid configuration was built ensure to set sata configuration to raid mode . ''
in any case i 'm still unable to get working keyboards to work and ca n't enter bios .
i 've also unplugged the gtx1070 to hopefully gain enough power .
i do not have a ps2 keyboard does anybody ?
i always check how much my upcoming check is going to be via oracle for staples .
i was gone for a good chunk of july and did n't work much due to the hours being cut .
im now receiving the checks for the month of july in the middle of august but the hours im working for bts are n't being shown on oracle i 've been working 4 days a week since bts started getting 23-25 hours yet my checks are coming out to 50-60 dollars and are being stated as old checks i should of received in july .
it does n't say that anyone edit my hours but im highly upset .
i think staples is purposely fucking me with giving me these 60 checks when i work 4 days out of the weekday and log at least 23 hours by the end of the pay date .
watching most of the events you rarely see a woman who is n't at least attractive and many are very beautiful .
aside from the strength events like shot put it seems being good looking is someway helpful in getting to the olympics .
could it be that the good looking girls are helped along and given extra coaching and that helps them over a plain or ugly girl with equal or better talent ?
or could it be that the attractiveness gives the girls self confidence to try out while the unattractive stay inside ?
the wiki http rimworldwiki.com/wiki/room_roles seems to suggest that room roles have a mechanical effect .
does this mean that putting worktables in my dining room/rec room is going to cause problems ?
5 day old helix was doing great but when i woke up this morning it hurt my ear has been throbbing all day .
i slept pretty hard and i have a habit of rolling around so i could have slept on it .
nothing is red or swollen no pus/blood and i did notice a dent from the back of the stud .
do you guys think it 's fine or is this the beginning of a problem ?
edit stopped by the piercer 's and he looked at it and assured me that it was just irritated .
he said the way i slept the ear folded over and the stud dug into my ear and head .
dedicated server and network pvpve no admin pvp come join and expand with a great server .
with our upgraded server and dedicated network lag is a thing of the past .
kofn is the place for you.we have a great community base that can help with any questions about the game .
admin can be contacted daily and will take notice of distasteful conduct or bugs .
ill get back to you as soon as possible .
2x gather 1.5xp no mods show floating damage text max dino level after tame plus 80 .
mating 1.5x egg hatch speed 5x maturation 5x anyone can give care taming speed 5x resources respawn at 1.5 the normal rate .
normal day night is twice speed body decay 3x longer 1.25 egg lay .
basic rules no cheating no trolling no spamming no res .
to join kofngaming-thecenter-wipe 8/7-5t 2g-1.5xp https arkservers.net/server/73.79.22.70:37016 or visit us at our steam group page at kofngaming arkserver .
if you want to check out future ideas or what is going on in our community check it out !
i ca n't go last minute they are lawn seats i have 2 15 bucks for one .
with the voice actors for sl being leaks by your 's truly two days ago what do you think the voices of certain characters will actually sound like ?
you can either describe it yourself or use an existing voice from another series/move/game to describe the voice of a sister location .
for example for me i think funtime foxy will sound like the observer from tribetwelve https youtu.be/qjpunq4zhiy ? t=297 for some reason .
my friend just recently got this issue after installing a new cpu cooler his pc boots into windows we checked with the sticky keys noise after logging into windows but there is no output to the monitor over dp or his tv over hdmi .
gpu has n't been changed other than being raised slightly with legos to prevent sag .
only thing changed since this has been the cpu cooler originally had a smaller deepcool cooler .
the computer was off for a good 20 minutes while installing the cooler but i highly doubt that could 've been an issue .
i ev trained it at the dojo and gave it choice specs and just spammed thunderbolt for the win .
i always kind of loved electric birds like zapdos .
i was wondering if there are any phone wallpapers that are based on the season one spray or icon
ca n't make it on the wednesday now resale has them at £50 each but i 'll do it for £40 each plus the 3.95 recorded delivery which i 'll send you the code so you can track it .
paypal preferred as its safer for both of us .
i just managed to cop a metallic silver ub for 250 which i think was a great deal .
i 've always wanted either the ms or the wg and i was curious as to what exactly the difference is between the two ?
i 've been trying to hold out for the wg but i had to take the deal for the ms .
this question https www.reddit.com/r/nsa/comments/4ybeyr/cisco_uncovers_two_vulnerability_in_his_routers ask in nsa subreddit is there any expert who can advice what to do now ?
new to the scene only place i know of right now is badlands and paintball paradise ... anywhere else ?
low float karambit tt with almost a clean corner !
my offer was for aaa and i unfortunately got aab this morning .
it is one dodgy module that caused my history grade to drop down to a b and i 've already shoved that through for a priority remark .
i am hoping that this will bounce up to an a and i 'll have my place for this year the remark deadline is the 26th and the deadline for me to get my application reconsidered is the 31st
i am just wondering if there is anything else i can be doing at this stage to try and get this decision reversed .
my friend had an aab offer for the same course history and got in so it 's quite unfortunate really .
if you go into siege of orgrimmar and get up to dark shamans and then wait i do n't remember exactly how long without pulling any of the trash ji firepaw gets executed with the other panda her name i forget rushing in afterwards and getting herself killed .
i saw it during soo progression in mop when we went on break right after killing iron juggernaut .
just wondering how many people have seen this given that you have to wait at a certain bosses trash for a somewhat significant amount of time .
i have an interview scheduled ten days from now with one of the biggies in the oil gas service industry .
i am in my third year of petroleum engineering and i have never sat for any interview for a company before this .
since there are very few jobs available in the industry as of now i want to give my best in this interview .
this sub has been my go to for all the engineering help i 've ever needed and right now i could really use any advice that maybe helpful during the interview or while preparing for it .
hi i 'm a newbie to python and looking for a good framework that can use for restful api in python .
read about python rest api framework http python-eve.org and bottle http bottlepy.org/docs/dev/tutorial.html development .
i have an ae2 system going that consists of an me drive 12 4k hard drives a crafting terminal and an enderchest import bus for my quarry .
i want cobble from the quarry but not all of it .
is there a way to limit the amount of cobble that can be in my system ?
me and a friend picked up the m44 at a local pawn shop yesterday and thought you guys would like to see it .
its a 1946 izhevsk and everything matches except the bolt sad .
its in pretty decent shape cleaned a lot of crap out of the barrel probably from the previous owner not cleaning after shooting corrosive rounds .
we payed 150 out the door for this and we are pretty pleased .
trying to get a sense of how different tankers play different medium lines and which one fits my interests flanking/sniping/drinking .
i really love my cromwell b and m4 but the russian meds seemed sluggish to me .
if you had to summarize each nation 's mediums how would that look ?
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
also feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score so people can compare .
i went into the patch notes thinking eh let 's see what the did to winston '' one to have to go through the 5 stages of grief when realizing that there wasn't anything on him .
i 'm really not saying he needed that much attention he is n't really a priority right now but for the time being winston is still a very underused character .
i 've said before that i think a big great and needed change would be that his ult allows for him to not be stunnable and maybe a few little tweaks faster attack speed ! ? ! ? ! ?
i 'm not saying his damage needs to be raised his ult is not for damage but just make it so his ult is n't like it currently is at the moment a full heal and a way for the enemy team to get excited because they get to fill their ults .
as he stands now winston is just a way for people to farm ult on him a bullet sponge but not in the way a tank should be .
zarya 's a much more useful and well purposed hero in replacement of him ...
i 'm not asking for much just give him a good looking at blizzard you might find something to change there it 's his ult change his ult everything else is fine his ult just feels misguided and useless unless of course there is a pit nearby if not fine i will feel sad for one of my favorite tanks
edit just came up with something they could do with him i always though it would be a cool idea to have his bubble explode like it did in the animated short have it so it deters enemies from sticking around in his bubble for too long
who is responsible for android ota over the air updates for your mobile phone ?
i keep getting an update notification on my phone galaxy s5 that there is a sw update .
i download the update try to install it but it keeps failing .
have sent the update failed '' reports the phone gives me over and over .
tried about 7 or 8 times over the last few weeks to get this installed .
i ring or online chat with virgin support they keep saying that it is samsung who is at fault .
as far as i am aware it is the carrier who tests the update first to ensure it works with their network makes any changes they need then send it over the air .
uber is giving 15 off your first ride for new users in auburn .
i do n't know if anyone else has had this ... over the last few days the performance of ds3 has really dropped with fps going from 60 on booting down to a noticable 20-ish after a 20-minute or so period .
i 'm about 130 hours in and previously was able to play 2-3 hour cycles with no loss in performance .
for some reason the drop seems to occur if i 'm at firelink for more than a couple of minutes .
update so in the end i tried a pretty vicious cocktail of solutions to solve this problem .
some of them worked better than others i suspect that some were placebo-effecting more than actually solving anything ... but anyhow .
changed 360 controller driver from hid game controller to xusb22 some effect .
game felt less 'laggy ' but still some fps drops
definite increase in fps highs but still laggy/stuttering after a short while
they drivers had actually installed last week just before i went to a wedding for the weekend .
so thanks for ideas and best of luck attempting your own fixes
nope we do n't want to reveal too much about drop rates before release .
i have access to a couple of personal computers that are quite powerful .
is there an easy way to setup a personal '' cloud render farm for maya ?
it would be great if i could send x frames to each computer to render and then receive them in the synced folder .
all the computers have access to 100mbit/s internet connection .
i tried syncing maya project folder via google drive and render to the same shared folder but it takes too much time to set this up for each computer .
i would love to do all that with a press of a button ''
hi i recently moved apartment and during the move someone stole a box with my masters thesis 2 portable hard disks a couple of old smartphones and a sony a580 camera with a fisheye samyang lens a sigma 70-300mm lens and a minolta 50mm lens .
if you happen to have any info please msg me .
just in the off chance that someone sees this .
i 'd just like the data and the photos of my deceased grandma back .
as many of you surly know gw models are expensive and the price seems to be rising .
in highschool grad in 2014 you could get a 10 man tactical squad of sms for around 20-30 usd and now on the site its 40 .
does anyone know of any other place to get minis for less than an arm and leg while still being a decent model ?
i 've heard mississippi is the butt of the joke in the south .
mega absol is sooooo coollllll ... . but i would really want to know the move that absol are able to learn in the game .
i 'm looking for someone to play my fairy godparent to transform me into a beautiful woman .
i play a young man who is alone on a saturday night and you transform me so i can go out an have fun .
i change back the next morning and every week i change .
catch-if i get semen in my pussy i remain a girl .
but i like to have the transformation be very detailed .
i 'd also like to be changed in the image of a celebrity but we can discuss that in private messages .
no porn stars please i 've also become more interested in abdl scenarios so maybe you change me every week into abdl as a celeb .
i 'm generally open to all kinks except violence .
let me know if you wish to pursue this !
i 've become heavily dependent on kinesiology tape over the years .
now i 'm just trying to figure out which brand works the best for bjj .
hello guys we are baby dragon games and we need help getting our kickstater funded .
currently we are only 4 percent into the funding goal and really need a boost .
it is played exactly like werewolf or mafia however you are either a jewish spy a nazi or hitler .
during the night the spies rat out one of your fellow nazies so during the day your group slowly weeds the spy out buy killing off one person at a time .
however hitler can see who the spies are so he is trying to persuadedthe nazies to pick a certain member of the group without telling them he is hitler .
its a game of lies decption and jewish spies .
please give us a look and thanks for your time .
i 'm trying to make it heavy on the token and 1/+1 counters but am having trouble finding cards to add or remove .
edit by better i mean not sleepy all day long .
i called the dme office which is actually part of my doctor 's office and the lady there said that the dreamstation is overly sensitive that i can safely subtract 3 from my ahi .
i have fewer less vivid dreams deeper sleep and on some days i wake up after a few hours feeling great .
that lasts for about an hour and i put the mask back on before i pass out .
yes i know i have a game ban for cs go i deserved that .
but my rust ban wrongfully given was lifted within 24 hours .
i also tweeted at them sent an email posted on facepunch forums and after being unbanned was still given no response .
fp look at that balance in his swing . ''
so i play on ps4 and i really want to upgrade to pc but i do n't have the funds to actually get a good and decent pc i play better on pc than on console .
before i bought ps4 it was just pc for me .
reckon i 've playing pc fro almost 5 years but i had to sell my pc for financial reasons and got the ps4 as a replacement.. lol .
anyways my friend told me about this xim1 and the wonders it do .
he basically said it 's legit like playing on pc when you get xim1 i could n't resist the urge so i checked what this xim1 was googled it and from my understanding it 's basically hot wiring your ps4 to a keyboard and a mouse but since ow on console wo n't accept keyboard and mouse there 's a bypass process that you need to do in order to set up your xim1 and there 's an app for setting up your dpi sensitivity etc..
i looked at the price and it was sort of expensive 130€ but i already had a razor gaming keyboard mouse a pad so all i had to do is just buy it and i 'll basically be playing on pc if you put aside the bypassing and the time that it takes to set it up .
anyways getting to the experience i got it the day before yesterday took me about 1 hour to set it and put the perfect settings for ow .
i main roadhog and with a controller it was somewhat hard putting the hook on someone annoying such as genji and tracer my hook accuracy average on roadhog that i have on him 80 hours now is 55 when i played with a controller i played a game with xim1 on roadhog and you ca n't even begin to believe the difference i had .
i had 93 hook accuracy that game with 27 enemies hooked when i played with a controller i usually do n't flank with roadhog unless i have my hook but now even if my hook is on cool down i will still go flank oh look an enemy reaper but my hook is on cool down !
i literally can aim my scrap gun 100 better now i do n't even have to use my hook if someone is close to me .
i tried other heroes that i incredibly suck on with a controller tried mccree oh look a pharah !
i better go take cover ca n't aim for shit on a controller xim1 i got you fam .
2 shot from mccree bam she 's dead i kid you not i shot down a pharrah more than 10 times on a game single hand forced the dude to switch heroes on the enemy team .
td lr when i got the xim1 my life on ow changed my hook accuracy on a game never drops from 70 .
i can things that i could n't do on a controller aka effectively playing mccree and actually helping the team out when picking him .
huge actually on the hands of a good player xim1 on ps4 you can things you could n't on a controller .
mitch would need to text you his name for this to happen at which point you could just manually create a contact called mitch .
it is n't going to create some global contacts book .
generally i order from rakuten when buying in larger quantities i use the rakuten jp site to tenso package forwarding and then to india .
so i have no other choice but to play quick match ?
like the original rules were n't enough of a joke .
in my personal experience complicated overthinking quitting before goals are met .
the fairness doctrine '' as applied by the fcc allowed for the regulation of content on news outlets .
the fairness doctrine was repealed by the fcc even though it was approved by the supreme court .
but even if we do n't want to regulate press content we can still demand the revocation of credentials of any organization that deliberately falsifies or manufactures the news .
i need a man like that in my life .
or is he a grindr slut who wo n't give me the time of day ?
it would have been loved if it did n't come under the battlefield franchise imo .
people have a high standard looking to this franchise and such a different game from the usual army style game people were looking forward to deceived many people.à
edit oh and let 's not forget the lack of content compared to dice 's iterations and ofc blue fire .
it was almost worse than if the fans wrote the season .
if you ca n't see the difference between season four and other seasons i would recommend rewatching .
not trying to be a dick just i honestly ca n't see that
u/blakeemitchell your submission was removed for violating the following rules
for information regarding this and similar issues please see the rules https www.reddit.com/r/pics/about/rules .
if you have any questions please feel free to message the moderators .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/pics subject=question regarding the removal of this submission by u/blakeemitchell message=i have a question regarding the removal of this submission .
i do n't really know about the first two but my favorite element is either hourglass like or ladder escape like .
1 8 7 7 kars for kids kay ay ar ess cars for kids
i was born in sighetul marmatiei which is on the opposite end of the country
i had no idea that 's what it was .
unless the fire spreads to other chemicals and compressed gases such as those found in a garage .
probably socialisation 101 how to be in the company of your target gender comfortably .
nutrition 101 how to be fit and healthy while transitioning .
stereotypes 101 how to be an authentic you while not pandering to stereotypes
if your pokemon has less cp than the pokemon you 're training against you 'll get 500 prestige for winning .
i 'll beat the first one with something lower then run get my 500 prestige then beat the first one again .
just facing the first one is faster and doing this you can up prestige pretty quickly .
i added topic flair to your post but you may update the topic if needed click here for help r/personalfinance/wiki/flair .
retirement accounts https www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/index wiki_retirement_accounts articles on 401 k plans iras and more
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/personalfinance if you have any questions or concerns .
getting off the bus in time to watch power rangers
haha no worries man everyone starts off in the same galaxy and i think alot of people do the atlas quest first .
im pretty sure its a common route people take after playing for a bit .
yeah that seth guy sure thinks he 's got the business figured out .
blind people actually have very limited use of there hands and feet .
i can just imagine someone like pirlo we 're going to do what ... ? ''
especially if you believe in capital punishment rape is a much less harsh sentence .
if you can do that you can do anything in the world .
first of all his name is nimoy and second of all that does n't apply to his statement .
no actor has played their same character in both universes only the character from their respective universe .
sorry but i literally ca n't understand a word zingbot is saying
i 'm not sure how much credibility i could lend to his music taste personally but run pig run '' would be very joker .
i guess that makes sense but how can you prove it ?
i ask because i might trade mine sometime did n't think it was valuable
i 'm still 100 going to vote no to the new armour .
the game does n't need it and it would ruin the old school feel .
i have zero faith in the devs to make the armour balanced and old-school feely .
how can the authors possibly fairly compare the wire '' and game of thrones '' to a romantic drama ?
i wonder if we listed top tv shows '' how many of them have to do with violence in some form and how many have to do with simple personal drama and relationships ?
why are n't we talking about those in comparison .
but titanic blows fahrenheit 451 out of the water heh in terms of sheer quality .
that is ... depending on what we are comparing .
i spent the time to give you links to what you wanted and asked for .
why is it so difficult for you to do the same ?
could it be because you know very well that there 's not enough evidence to back up you up ?
i missed the part where the op said she was looking to study something not just go workout .
none of the cheap gyms have specific classes like that .
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
i know there are more macs but you are stuck with opengl 4.1 and the lesser used metal .
it 's too bad you did n't go opengl 4.5 or vulkan on gnu/linux .
cause he said something you did n't like about your messiah ?
oh yeah and before i get accused of it no i do n't support trump .
watching pros do semi-decently against quick play pubs made me suddenly fear for how effective genjis will be in tournaments .
i think he 's going to be swapping tiers with his brother and staying there for a long time .
well he 's lied about so many things it would n't be surprising if it was n't his real name .
i think i 'll add this as my 4th day to i 'm doing now sc gorgeous glutes plus starting strength !
i 'm definitely interested in the rest of your program and i 'm nearly positive that i 'll be waddling to my car after the gym 😂
what are those weird things on the japanese decathlete 's neck ?
not the necklaces they 're some sort of symbols or something stuck to his skin they look like stickers of some sort but a little bit raised .
thank god i thought they did n't roll over .
yeah some conversations could just be a big text dump .
not many since the facial expressions and reactions can be important but some ...
they 're really just fancy contacts that turn red upon getting heated up to a certain temperature but only from the underside the outward facing side is heavily insulated to prevent the sun from turning them red or something like that .
i suppose penile tatooes ribbons wooly hats and piercings would become far more common .
back to premier u got with papa odeag slem dog '
great write up but letting forte go is the worst decisions this new front office made unless there are things they are n't telling us because we have 0 proven rb1s and no tried and true veterans to lead the next generation of rbs .
we have 2 backups 1 rookie and a 2nd year guy in langford that still has kinks to workout before even being remotely close to forte .
btw i 'm a long time bears fan i was practically born in a bears jersey and i have a college education .
no one who is evil would pay what is asked of him .
i played the placements today after a months break with some friends who had n't played theirs either .
friends who played mostly dps got 60 and i got 57 playing only healer .
i feel pretty good about that have to play more than just the placements when season 2 starts .
in addition we 're not certain if there are more pieces of the traveller to be found .
for all we know there could be hundreds of pieces scattered around earth and in low orbit or even worse in the possession of the minions of darkness .
i 've finally reached the point where i do n't know the new champions .
people do n't realize how charismatic jill really is .
she 's someone who wins hearts when they hear her talk .
and honestly i think that it 's time we have a serious general election candidate of jewish heritage .
i know why there are zombies in the game i have played since launch lol but i have never seen anywhere near as this many zombies..
i 'm hot in some places but not in others .
i make them in a pie dish with bacon sauteed mushrooms shredded cheese and green onions .
put it all in a dish pour 6-7 scrambled eggs on top and cook until the eggs are done .
so great with some spicy salsa guac or sour cream on top .
yes i 've stopped using my a team since the introduction of cid missions .
consequently i have also stopped doing relic draws as there 's no point in pulling for current relics when there 's no incentive to run an upgraded a or b team on most of the difficult content .
power creep will ensure the current crop of relics will be largely outdated in a few months so if i 'm able to clear cms right now and there 's hardly any opportunities to use a real a team i see no need to pull .
it works on my 1st generation air 9.3.3 and my 6s 9.3.3 .
do you mean the 4 finger swipe multitask gesture ?
will they come if he has meh season and he is categorized as one season wonder ?
everyone going faster than me is a maniac and everyone going slower is an idiot
j hey pops to left field and yells fuck in frustration
glad to see him share our pain of his at bats this year as i 've yelled fuck ! ''
at the screen multiple times after he 's hit the ball .
sorry to hear you 're leaving but i wish you the best of luck in real life .
thanks so much for ding this very sweet of you
wow 1.99 for a dvd of toy story 3 ?
i got a batman suit for halloween and i tried to glide off my stairs ... my knee still hurts sometimes
all glory be to mantis for he is the lord and savior of our season
throwing out my pipe in the garbage can my mom would clean out .
she flipped but everything 's good now that was almost a year ago .
i crit for 11k once on second boss of void ark heh
actually it 's a syllabic l because liquids can be the vowel in a syllable
she had the balls the size of a bull to do that
it 's the only way little girls will know that they too can one day be president ! ! !
leave your rmm if you 'd like a review and i 'll leave one asap 3
most big brand light beers will do the trick but if he 's brand loyal then carlton cold or carlton mid is probably the best alternative .
what is the iv of the one with a better moveset ?
if it is above 90 def level up the one with the moveset imo
family should come first at all cost regardless of what anyone says .
though i learned that blood does n't make family royalty does .
regardless i respect anyone who goes above and beyond to protect their families as long as they do n't harm innocent people in the process .
for 80th time it 's not about who they revealed to be the killer but how they revealed it .
after noah got stabbed and then had too many plot holes i was onboard with the kieran reveal .
everything from after the eli kieran argument was pretty bad in my opinion .
if someone listed the dialogue and everything as a theory before the episode aired it would get down voted to hell .
that ending was so cliche and looked like it was written it in 5 minutes .
zero creativity and zero thought put into it at all .
good hopefully i can buy 2 and give one to my moms
automate the boring stuff with python is good but available as a free pdf .
i do n't even know why the media pretends he gives good speeches that he is a better campaigner than hillary somehow .
she gets me fired up and inspired when she speaks she comes across as sincere to me .
that 's the same thing as '' do n't tell me you 're one of those he changed it cuz people threw a fit ''
it 's good to see a brother make it big on espn !
and it 's annoying how lebatard hypes him up so much .
bomani brings nothing to hq and the show was better off when it was in the kitchen .
i 've been playing this game on ps4 on and off pretty much since its release .
i was n't i work there fridays and saturdays .
you probably talked to jake or jeremy they 're super helpful !
thanks for stopping by though we 're glad to help !
world of warcraft which contains all content currently released .
legion which launches august 30th and will be by far the bulk of what people are playing .
i am primarily watching it for koyomi x karen moments .
jokes aside its one of those anime that are dialogue-heavy but manages to make it fun with some dose of awesome action here and there .
i got hooked immediately after the hitagi crab arc but somehow i lost interest after ougi showed up .
flash is nice when you 're worried about running out of tp .
heavy swing one and then skull sunder the other .
remember to keep an eye on the party list and enemy list .
under the party list each person has an aggro bar that shows who is catching up to you on that mob .
the enemy list is easier to quickly reference during bigger pulls to see of any are getting away .
green you have 0 aggro orange you 're getting closer red good .
also one thing i did n't see anyone else mention ... .it will be easier for you to hold aggro by getting a big aggro lead asap .
hitting overpower twice before your party can get a few attacks into will help you way more than hitting overpower 4 times when you realize you 've already lost aggro .
always start boss fights with berserk and unchained when you get them .
i am right now at holiday inn in boston and my smoke alarm is disconnected because it just randomly goes off i have accepted the risk .
but worse has to be getting a smoking room right next to the elevator and showing the front desk my reservation that showed nonsmoking with a not that said not next to the elevator '' and them not caring .
this is one repost i will never grow tired of .
here is the original if you want to give her some views
it 's ok to transfer if you do n't like the school or miss home or if it 's cheaper somewhere else
never be afraid to ask for an extension just not at literally the last minute
tip something that helped me was trying to look at everything .
please take exams at all levels trying to learn all topics .
i did n't end up getting a questions of the variance of tail-value-at-risk but i would 've been prepared for it had it arose .
i ran in to 2-3 problems where i would n't have gotten them right had i not grilled the adapt questions .
my study materials included asm adapt and the soa 300 somethin .
got 70 of those right on the first go and most of the wrong ones right when going back through them .
asm was helpful just for exposure but i went through the manual in a month so i did n't remember much of it .
adapt really sealed it for me in the end .
i finished the exam with a really educated guess on one and a complete guess on another .
20-30 seems like a rough grind but 30 is where the real grinding begins .
if somebody goes home and has a few beers nobody cares .
let 's be honest weed is way less dangerous than alcohol or benzos .
i fear there will always be power hungry assholes around and they see everyone else as tools to be used .
i would not be surprised to time travel to the end of the millenium and still find some warlord pimping girls and commanding child soldiers in a war torn forgotten part of the world .
the only reason most people see them this way is because he 's older then her .
i also think that people feel the need to make them family as a defense to rejecting the pairing .
of course this is n't the case for everyone but you do n't see the whole father/son thing forced with shippo and inuyasha because inuyasha had official pairings .
do i think sesshomaru and rin could blossom into a romance when she becomes and adult ?
it 's possible and i would n't mind but canonly i believe they 're simply friends .
what if hillary extended a job offer to loretta lynch under her administration while being investigated ?
you could block the sun or let the surfaces cool off before using .
i do n't think any extreme cards ended up winning that poll so they have to fill out the rebirths in between the different extermination events somehow i guess
that said go check out some pawn shops and see if you can get an older m70 700 or one of the jc higgins rifles built on fn or husqvarna mauser actions model 50 and 51 or something along those lines for the same sort of scratch .
well it was buried in the second sentence of the first paragraph .
the author opines should she win she will not only force christians to pay for contraceptives but also abortions . ''
and i would additionally contend that without the religious component there is no measurable prolife movement .
dude what in the fuck are you talking about right now
i installed the game tuner app and played with it a bit .
the different settings i tried seemed to have no effect on the speed at all .
i do n't really have a lag maybe 1/2 second on some sb animations after the user steps forward and before it goes off .
all i noticed was that it did look a bit crappier when i dropped the resolution down .
it did n't look or feel any better on any setting so i set it back to default .
i quit making as many trips to target because their grocery has been getting worse and worse over the last few years and basically any time you get liking something they replace it with another product .
they 've tripled down on the hoity toity '' groceries and that 's just not really a winner to me .
i feel like their strategy '' assumed that they could deprioritize grocery and they assumed people would still come .
receptive is pretty much the thing i try to be most ... you learn a lot more that way !
if i 'm sitting outside at a bar on my phone and someone i know walked by me i 'd be very disappointed if they chose to not say hello because i 'm looking at my phone .
if a stranger is at a bus stop on their phone it 's usually not ok to try and strike up a conversation .
even with the cooldowns being removed i still find the 5 to be better most of the time which really should n't happen for sbws .
he steps to the beat as she lists it off not doing to bad and stepping in time with her lead .
he 's gentle and has a skilled poise about himself moving as she 'd want him to .
that joke does n't make any sense ... the premise of the show is that dexter kills serial killers .
amazing how they did everything they could when jimmie was winning cup every year changed the cars changed the chase format multiple times changed the schedule took out fontana aka guaranteed 1st and put in chicago where he never had won ... but now gibbs and toyota own the entire sport .. and b fran e does nothing
i assume this would end up being a faceless set of files incrementally refined by various anonymous contributors and op has nothing litigious to worry about .
a how long ago was that and what obscure hardware did you have ?
b you could build a hackintosh or get a mac because apple at least pays serious lip service to its privacy concerns .
he 's just a representation of the general populus .
his only motivation is getting attention he says nothing because he believes it only to get attention and no other reason well except also to make money .
have you ever tried introducing it maybe when you two are a little tipsy ?
he said he saw it in a magazine and thought it was genius right ?
he did have the clippable mug and the pilko pump pant though .
oh duh i forgot about hastega on there too .
sadly my mom removed it before i could see any farther progress .
as a grew older with them i understood more references .
i 'm more inclined to think this is an intermediate outfit rather than a new one .
somewhere in between cotton candy garnet and the garnet we know and love today .
on other game modes except assault you can do either .
on board a bus back to her mom 's house perhaps .
omg i just tuned in to check the score ! !
edit wanted to get papa john 's tomorrow to celebrate the victory since i 've been craving crappy pizza and hey 50 off but this festa italiana thing is going on and i do n't want to blow my calories on shitty pizza decisions decisions .
did any other west wing/house of card fans get giddy when elliot stood beneath the cross a la underwood and bartlett in the midst of difficult decisions ?
... just lucky jesus did n't fall on him .
you 're a real son of a bitch you know ! ''
you can see the pokemon with not full hp by going into your items and clicking on a potion as if you are going to use it
and if that fucker is really stuck grab a fid or marlingspike to jam into the turns of the knot to undo it .
you must not go to a gym with many guys who squat and deadlift then .
i would say only a small percentage of the guys who wear belts at my gym are the old guy belt stereotype .
she met at university have lots of mutual friends had reblogged something nsfw on her tumblr and had said something along the lines of i wish i had someone to do this with '' i replied saying something like i could help with that '' she did n't know who i was on there so i let her know .
cue some semi-awkward alone time later when she came round mine in which i may have ended up showing her a picture of my penis on my phone we end up making out .
we are still together over 2 years later although long distance at the moment i 'm cringing just thinking about it .
slightly embarressing i was a virgin at the time and had an odd issue in that when things got intimate due to excitement or nerves i would start to shiver luckily she was patient and this no longer happens .
who the hell listens to the radio and why is he paying rome 30/year ?
i have those exact diapers and i had to wait until bossy hit about 10 lbs to get them to work without leaks .
we exclusively used those cheapie pocket diapers from about 10lbs for the last two years !
she just turned two and is starting to use the potty but i imagine we will still use them for another six months .
romney did n't even prepare a concession speech because his team and internal polling were so convinced of a win .
i 'm thinking more along the lines of a driving chassis with welded in 6 point cage with a body dropped over the top .
not for racing just for a bit of extra safety when teaching the kids to drive .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required bracketed title tags .
please read the sidebar under posting guidelines '' for instructions on how to properly resubmit your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/guitar if you have any questions or concerns .
i think the suns will be ok long term and maybe the titans too not really sure but i agree that the gold coast is a bad idea for the a-league .
i had to rewind the show a few times cause of this .
if i do n't watch with subtitles on am i missing half the show ?
angela was walking out from her dads store and you have 2 weeks '' popped up .
that 's ... a very normal and clean europe .
well i hope you find something more satisfying than shit talking the game on message boards .
a lot of gamers nowadays seem to treat companies like friends and family and defend them as such .
because canadian wages are much lower than us ones .
our lower wages accommodate lower skilled people which are more numerous than high skilled people .
it is easier for canadian to move to us thanks to nafta/tn visa while it is easier for a tfw/immigrant to move to canada .
that 's not true at all while the tfw program was in full swing under the cons and will not be true if it goes again in full swing under the libs .
in usa you have to prove that you need that person .
the tfw program skirts usual requirements of canadian law .
it is pretty hard to bring over people to canada under normal conditions .
some industries really have a hard time bringing over skilled people .
the tfw program was killed under the cons but the libs are trying to resurrect it .
it 's a way to circumvent the traditional process .
nafta does n't do much unfortunately for skilled canadians .
i have watched a lot of wrestling in my 30 plus years and i have never seen that straight jacket spot before .
jack is gon na be something special on raw if wwe signs him ... .the casuals would love him .
before the match i was worried that the clash of styles between jack akira would clash too much ... .but akira broke out some of his heel antics to make it work with jacks dazzling offense .
as for tozawa i 'm surprised that he 's just winning with the german suplex hold and not the complete finish i wo n't spoil it if you have n't seen it .
i wonder if he 's just waiting to the right situation to use it ?
they probably didnt even notice.. and u did the right thing in the end..
i think you r gon na be okay.. and not jailed for this .
we all do dumb things .. u cant change it..
but u did the next best thing.. more than most would have done !
this lady last year backed into my parked car ..
chased me through the parking lot to tell me .. then later called my insurance company and told them i hit her car !
luckily i had witnesses to call and give statements because her insurance was refusing payment ... pretty positive nothing happened to her at all for her lie .. get some sleep ! !
maybe the prostitute turned out to be under age .
what i recall is that lochte called his mom after it happened .
then lochte 's mom said yes it did happen because ryan had called her afterwards .
seriously i feel like i have to point this out all the time they mention men are in the most dangerous jobs ''
men are also the ones that decided that men should be in the most dangerous jobs .
imma give you a follow i want to watch your progression .
but yeah that does make sense it feels overcrowded there for sure
i would n't be worried at all unless she was like 7 ' tall but most people are n't .
i would only feel bad if the girl felt that she was with a guy that was wimpier or unmanly in some way i once read this article that detailed all the things a woman would have to sacrifice by being with a shorter guy including good sex .
in my mind everyone would be confused and think wow i bet that guy 's an amazing lover . ''
because when i read the words boat party '' i think booze cruise '' .
there are certainly ways to go out and enjoy the sea/see the sunset/sail for a bit but i personally would n't call them boat parties '' .
i come up with like fantasy worlds and write little stories and i struggle with this a lot .
for example i can not ever find a way to write orcs in a way im happy with .
the idea of like more civil '' races like dwarves humans or elves trying to negotiate a land disagreement with gorerock spearfang '' doesnt sit well with me .
i like the grrm way of dealing with like taxes and stuff but i can not find a good way to weave 9 foot green savages into that style .
in the world ive been writing with recently the orcs where hunted too extinction thousands of years ago .
for me that is the best medium ive found shrouding their past in mystery and haveing conflicting stories about them .
like i have the major scientific '' body of the world say they were savages that wanted nothing but blood and honor but there is a pagan-esque society that live in the land that used to be home to the orcs .
they have a histroy of trading and commerce with the orcs and tell of great orc cities rich with magic .
i try to keep my races too elves humans and a few sentient but not civil races like centaurs and manticores .
when an author goes really crazy with it and has like dragonkin and stuff it just takes me out of the story for whatever reason .
can confirm that duck in a top rate french restaurant is drastically different than duck at the 24 hour chinese food buffet
if you have bread get hard you can bag it in the freezer .
i sometimes grate a garlic clove into a few tbsp of butter zap it in the microwave til melted .
then pour it over my bread crumb and mix it up with a dork then spread that over my casserole .
also those french fried onions make a great alternative crunchy topping .
anyone else just mainly getting strong gusts of wind and lots of lightning and thunder ?
it rained over in alexandria but it did n't exactly match the lightning and thunder .
and see for yourself that it actually is 'solved '
i really appreciate the time you took for that .
how about scheduling around my full time job now as the business begins to stand up ?
as for getting a shop or garage where should i begin to look ?
or possibly partner with someone i know who has possibly a tint shop ?
women are not nearly as sexual as men and it 's not a secret in any aspect .
you literally have zero reasons to 'dislike ' ido .
he trains conor mcgregor and conor enjoys working with him .
that 's why i do n't put people on a pedestal and only admire them for the specific things that they excel at .
same deal with singapore where the company i work at is based those buttons work .
actually i notice it when asians at my work use it let 's me know they either just moved to the u.s. or are visiting from corporate .
those singaporeans are religious about using the close elevator door button .
as long as you know when a novel takes place you 're set .
i did n't know squat about comics when i started .
i did n't know if comics were released to the public only as trade paperbacks since that was all i could find at barnes and noble but i was able to find out that they came out as separate issues pretty quickly i had to find out where to get individual issues and i was confused as hell about the order of the vader down crossover for awhile too .
i 've seen plenty of posts where people ask the same questions 'what 's a tpb ? '
'where do i find the comics ' 'i 'm confused about the vd order ' and i think guides like this would be super useful for people just getting into comics for the first time .
says it 's open all weekend will shit sell out quick ?
i work friday and saturday but i wan na camp on saturday night for sunday .
i know solo lane is a boxing labe but dont engage at level 1 !
yes you do want to fight but be smart about it .
if you die every 2-3 waves you just wasting good farm !
take the time to learn how to play jungle .
yes its not easy yes there is no lane but sooner or later you want to start and learn it for ranked and you it wont help you if you start learning it versus solid overall players .
the fact the you know how to play ymir and ares support is not enough for you and try ranked .
learn all the roles before it and learn around 5 gods in each while 1 of them should be an a tier .
i know that 's kind of a weird one but i like the idea of a pair of monster veterans hanging out together .
if i could just get a few video apps id be so happy .
direct tv and amazon need to be on the store
yeah i was more thinking along the lines of ga flight sims like fsx x-plane10 .
because customers are more sensitive to price changes than volume changes .
issue is confused by words like scant scamp scaffold scrape etc .
i 've got to do some price checking as well .
i 'll get back to you with a list of values .
oh you mean just checking your watch when it 's dark outside ?
i thought you meant when you 're checking the time in the middle of the night while in a pitch black room .
surprised that 's even a problem considering it 's an oled display that 's mostly black .
you should try turning down the brightness in settings .
this has got to be the best defensive game we 've played
heh do n't know how he did it but he dug in really good in several spots .
it had to be sanded filled a wee bit and painted over .
how did this turn into a thread of bird gifs ?
you decide to check how long this will take to install .
you do n't want to die waiting for this thing to load after all .
that 's a good idea though i was looking more towards something to hang on the walls as i already have a coffee table lamps and so on .
i might do something like this for a table for my garage since i 'm probably just gon na turn that into a hangout room for myself and my roommates lol .
i accually enjoy that music but hey ... everyone is entitled to their own opinion no one is right no one is wrong
they made melodies and hooks that are still sampled today in hip hop and pop .
all about the emotion and purpose behind the music .
the carpenters had karen carpenter 's perfect pitch voice along with richard carpenter 's arrangements made them the best duo pop group in the 70 's in a crowd of very talented rock groups .
least favorite type probably country because it seems all artist use the same chords template and vocal .
any hip hop that is dumb witted and has a bad flow .
8 are basic builds where the player just gets god rolls and comes on here to humblebrag .
the remaining 2 are actually new and informative posts and they always make it to the frontpage .
i have seen threads with zero upvotes on the frontpage .
the reason this forum is n't covered in great posts is that there is nothing great to talk about .
the only new thing to talk about on a daily basis is the latest bug .
if there was something to talk about provided by the game it will get talked about .
i have copies of the dudes on dudes podcast i can send you if you 're interested in throwing them up there as well .
essentially we have textual evidence for jon arya and bran all being wargs it 's implied heavily that robb wargs and i think that it 's part of sansa 's character that she has n't shown any warg traits what with her whole thing being cut off from the starks .
oops forgot i just got a gliger from you .
i love this comment please take the time to cite it for future spam .
but it does n't take much for horde to sneak into sw all non undead or belf builds are basically garbage piled up to for housing .
the u.s military is the greatest welfare system in the world .
i personally do n't think it 's discourteous to ask considering our natural curiosity for these things and especially considering we like to know that things had the better outcome than the worse one .
speaking for myself of course that 's how i read it you clearly had a different interpretation .
regardless i hope they 're ok for what it 's worth .
i feel like i just watched the intro to dr who down the space tunnel
notes soul breaks used were the shared veil of protection protectga from kimahri 's kaiser shield white mage 's light divine cura medica and gau 's shared cerulean shock aoe phy water from his viking coat .
this took a lot of s/l to luck out and get relatively little aoe spam in the second half of the fight .
i gau was about to die so i burned his last full charge ahead of his last powerchain .
turns out he clung to life and it let him instacast his shared sb right at the end with zilch health left .
kimahri landed his last dragoon jump to finish the job .
not everyone has the luxury to get restationed in socal like laowaispy
also less damaged chips the 40 empty space provides a cushion
i would stay away from the fx6300 at this point but mainly because it has a pretty bleak upgrade future .
i think the i5 i3 though and you will definitely benefit from quad core vs two especially here .
yes if they have matching movesets then you will want to keep the one with the higher iv .
that does n't mean you have to transfer the other one though you can still use it for attacking in the meantime before you get some higher iv vaporeons !
rugal was also from a somewhat easy temporary event while they had rs oes that they wanted to sell .
my aim is true and i always always hit the target !
i 'm sorry but for some reason the but i lost 45 hours of my life .
i mean even if you random something that would screw you over you can still ask for a swap or even repick .
it 's not like you 're stuck with your random .
the risk of a random actually screwing over a game is overdramatized talking about first and maybe second randoms ofc .
is it worth the 50 or 75 dollars a month though ?
between that and going to a sports bar to watch games i genuinely do not know .
i like watching games at home but that 's a pretty steep price in my opinion .
i love collecting shots of katy perry during her latex heyday .
they should make a stranger things game get the people who made shovel knight to do it .
you have to mount it back and then take it out to a citi bike valet every 30 mins
cmdr i do have a spare giftable copy of horizons i was going to give to my friend if they enjoyed ed which they did n't .
if you have ed on steam i 'll be able to send you it .
pm me if you 're interested i do n't need it .
i love encountering suicider now just shoot his hand in vat and he blowup all his mates for me
i really appreciate it man i feel like this type of game does so much heavy lifting for me because it 's an interesting game .
that 's got ta be one of his crowning achievements .
i actually was going to post exactly this but i think a good king should have the foresight to know that he wo n't live forever especially not in westeros .
robert had the charisma and the intimidation to keep things in control while he was alive but he was screwing over his legacy .
i 've started putting in lyrics to never gon na give you up
i probably ran around with the two of them for 10 minutes .
then went straight to the laurel vender and finally got myself a goedulf mini .
walking three abreast on a sidewalk with arms linked so others can not pass .
racist '' no longer silences meaningful dissent my dear .
welcome to a world in which a person has to make sense .
that 's because there are about 50 main branches of feminism out there .
yeah the community is generally pretty helpful if you just mention in the title or pre-game chat new to j-net '' or something i 'm sure you 'll get help .
i 'd certainly be willing to as user g0l1 th
one that is 9 slow teamers and one very lucky jumbo .
adjusting for the loss of productivity for stoners it would be 420 million
this is why i check timehop every morning it 's a humbling reminder that i was a fucking moron and probably still am so i should probably think twice if i 'm going to post something on facebook .
why not pre built 's are still pc 's just more expensive ones .
toronto starbucks supervisor here it is indeed 16 and depending on the store 's scheduling needs some store managers prefer 18 due to scheduling restrictions with minors working late at night etc. .
organic reach has dropped to just a few percent .
and the facebook argument is pretty close to the google argument nobody cared about your crap post in the first place .
i 'm not here to argue it i 'm just here to put it out there .
if you are on facebook count on learning all you can about advertising successfully on facebook it will not be simple or easy .
the days of being on '' facebook as actual skill has been gone for quite some time .
boosting posts and fake likes are simply more of the same the clueless braindead response of everyone on facebook .
promote facebook posts properly to increase reach http wearesculpt.com/blog/using-facebook-promoted-posts-increase-reach in essence stop treating likes and fans as the old fashioned hit counter . ''
it 's not doing what you think it is and you 're embarrassing yourself .
i cremated my wife for less than 1000 funeral was free non-religious so there was no need for a church or hall rental or pastor or anything minus the cost of juice and cookies .
if you want a small plot in an urn garden headstone you 'll pay another 1-2k depending on your area .
if you think you need an expensive funeral plan for it and pay for it before you need it .
then you do n't need to mess around with whole life insurance and can focus on having enough term to take care of your family the cost of 50k of whole life can buy you 500k 1mil of term life for example .
ive noticed that when depositing btc they exchange it at a less rate than what preev.com says its currently worth.. by a decent too .
customer support also told me they use preev.com as their reference .
might as well build the pc just make sure to plug-in an extra sata cable into your psu so that you can install your ssd with ease once it arrives .
i did n't have an interview when i got pr .
just turned in the paperwork and waited for the card to arrive .
but that was ten years ago and it might have changed .
yasuo is in a super good position at the moment .
i have about 170k mastery points on him and he has a huge team impact .
he can turn games around even if he 's behind .
even if he does zero damage his cc makes up for it and your team can react accordingly .
mine is if available coke banana pina colada and sour cherry .
that 's layered in no specific order mostly even amounts of each .
the infinite monkey theorem states that a monkey hitting keys at random on a keyboard for an infinite amount of time will almost surely type a given text such as the coding for a counter-strike global offensive 's update .
what 's the harm of just leaving old systems as-is and new ones get the new stuff added in ?
few people backtrack and in a year finding a seed 1 '' system will be like a blast from the past
i always assumed it was taboo to ask about that .
not really a lot of people have lived and very few are remembered .
unfortunately it has been removed for the following reason s
if you have any questions please message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fthedivision and include the link to the submission .
try to die off an carbonmonoxide poisoning by inhaling the smoke .
it 's way more comfortable than burning to death .
joy is an inventor/investor that went bankrupt in the end .
i like mine fairly clear most of my apps are on the second page .
oop is while more difficult a great entry into programming .
currently oop is one of the most commonly used programming paradigms and thus starting with oop provided you have proper resources is perfectly fine .
once you know oop you basically get procedural programming for free .
the transition from oop to procedural is way easier than from procedural to oop .
oop uses procedural concepts methods/functions and encapsulates them into objects .
ca n't say much about functional programming though because i have n't yet done any real functional language .
had a quick look into haskell but it feels extremely alien for me still is definitely on my long-term learning list .
my personal opinion about paradigms is fairly simple oop is a consequential evolution of procedural programming .
functional programming is an entirely different domain which i completely lack knowledge of .
btw if you want to learn design patterns and since you know java take a look at java design patterns http java-design-patterns.com an absolutely great site to learn the patterns .
design patterns are a nice add on to programming but only using them for the sake of implementing design patterns is wrong and generally they somewhat tend to be overhyped .
well i ca n't speak for the soviet union but historians of nazi germany are often faced with questions that are hard to answer because of the destruction of records at the end of wwii .
on january 11 1943 hermann höfle of the staff of operation reinhard under odilo globocnik send this telegram via radio to eichmann of the reich security main office .
it 's content gives a run-down of the people killed in the camps attached to operation reinhard until the end of the year 1942 1.274.166 people killed all in all .
we only have the höfle telegram since 2001 because it was certainly destroyed in 1945 but luky for us intercepted by british intelligence during the war and it was peter witte and stephen tyas who found it in the british archives .
now we knew approximately how many people had been killed in these camps because we had another documents the korherr report a statistical report on the holocaust from march 1943 that gave the same number .
however the höfle telegram validated the korherr reports 's details further and thus was an important piece of evidence the same way it told us how many people had been killed in which camp which was something missing from the korherr report .
now the höfle telegram was one such example but there are still important chapters that are not fully researched because of the destruction of material in 1945 .
in the late 1980s raul hilberg said that we knew only about 20 of what occurred in the holocaust in the occupied soviet union .
while this has gotten better in large part to the opening of the soviet archives there is still a couple of things we do not know .
files from the nazi civil administration in ukraine regularly mention a network of so-called arbeitserziehungslager work education camps for ukrainian workers to be imprisoned and forced to do more work .
we have almost no information on these camps e.g .
who ran them when they were build how long they existed what the conditions there were etc .
while some historians have had success in clearing up some of the details e.g .
alexander prusin researching one of these camps in kiev we still can say very little about a network of about 700 camps all over the occupied soviet union .
or cases such as maly trostinec maly trostinec was a death camp near minsk that operated between july 1942 and october 1943 and where virtually all jews of minsk were killed .
it has only been recently that the pertinent details about maly trostinec have been discovered and we have learned that there were indeed death camps in the occupied soviet union save majdanek .
several historians think there might have been more camps like it but the pertinent documentation has most likely been destroyed in 1945 and save a lucky find in some local former soviet archives we might never know .
another thing that has been lost due to destruction are the files of most gestapo offices in the reich and in the occupied territories .
we have only two complete gestapo archives düsseldorf and würzburg and while others still exist in fragments and yet others do not exist at all this makes it extremely difficult to write about the persecution practices of the gestapo during the war .
the files from düsseldorf würzburg and other fragmentary archives seem to suggest that about 80 of all gestpo cases during the war dealt with forced laborers rather than german citizens .
we can make the justified assumption that it was similar for other gestapo offices but we will probably never find out though there have been gestapo files discovered recently in the its archives so who knows .
and finally one of the big ones a lot of files on the nazi occupation of various countries has been destroyed in 1945 .
while for france or poland we have a rather good picture on the occupation for countries like serbia or albania there is scant material on for example the security police and the sd making it difficult to get a comprehensive picture of the occupation .
sorry i do n't know any reference but i can show you the steps for the 2x2 determinant here .
you can view the 2x2 det as a function of two vectors det u v .
if we assume that this is the signed area of the parallelogram made by u and v we see that det u u 0 because a parallelogram that is a thin line has no area .
we also see that det u v+w det u v det u w .
you can see this geometrically by putting two parallelograms u v and u w on top of each other and seeing that they form a single bigger parallelogram u v+w .
similarly det au v adet u v where a is a scalar .
this is 0 by the det x x 0 rule but we can also expand it by linearity 0 det u+v u+v det u u det u v det v u det v v det u v det v u .
so we see that det u v det v u 0 or in other words det u v det v u .
now lets try to find a formula for det in coordinates .
we can write a vector u u1 e1 u2 e2 in coordinates where e1 and e2 are the unit vectors and v1 and v2 are the components of v. we can do the same for v v1 e1 v2 e2 .
then we have det u v det u1 e1 u2 e2 v1 e1 v2 e2 u1 v1 det e1 e1 u1 v2 det e1 e2 u2 v1 det e2 e1 u2 v2 det e2 e2 .
we can rewrite this using the det u u 0 rule and det u v det v u rule to u1 v2 u2 v1 det e1 e2 .
we know that the area of the unit square e1 e2 is 1 so det e1 e2 1 .
so in coordinate form det u v u1 v2 u2 v1 .
yeah we found some growing underneath our big ice machine behind our concession stand .
after saying few words to his comrades the knight followed suit .
sure seems like that 's what you wrote and op was clearly trying to explain her position without being condescending .
do n't feel bad naturals '' tend to make lousy coaches is all .
cheapest i could see is r3999 but for 1000 more than your limit you 'll get a card that 's at least 100 better twice a fast .
like crock pot aside most cooking is just taking some raw ingredients throwing them in a pan or pot with stock or seasoning and transforming it into a meal .
you can do whatever you want too fuck the cookbook !
do u ever go zoe in yellow or spicy 's .
well you 're leaving out the most important part the iq of a person does n't determine their intelligence .
a person can train their iq to get better results in iq-tests .
that does n't mean that they get more intelligent because they do more sudoku-puzzles
in addition to that iq tests are highly controversial because they only try to test a small section of the intelligence-spectrum .
the currently popular belief is that there are 9 types of intelligence while iq-tests only test about 2 or 3 of those 9 types .
finding dory ... .so i wo n't remember it anyway .
it seems by the comments that 's starting to look like the area .
https abimon.org/dr/busts/aoi/14.png sprite we can do it if we all work as a team !
at the quantum level there is no frame '' .
this notion you have of an infinitely precise measure taken at an infinitely precise moment it just does n't work that way with quantum objects .
you know people said the same thing about felicity around s2-s3 so we got more felicity to bring more depth to the character unfortunately .
i fear the same thing will happen with donna too now .
because felicity ended up being even more of a caricature now .
along with the rest of arrow characters who used to be more like proper characters actually .
i now what a clippy fb account to appear on every post like that with a message i see that you 're trying to fish .
i remember seeing an ad with three things wrong with it
three they fucking used footage from ark survival evolved !
it 's not a mod starbound sign converter is a program outside of starbound .
you use it to convert an image to a bunch of .json file which you can then import into your inventory with starcheat .
for me it 's customers that expect extra stock to be store in the back and gets all pissy when they miss a sale .
great subreddit r/talesfromretail with a bunch more stories like this if you want go check it out
are you asking if i already feel a sense of purpose and belonging ?
like if i already have a social circle and productive life ?
but i suppose that a purpose and community does muddy it up a bit .
if you 're courteous enough to let someone work in with you they should have the courtesy of de loading their weights for you to add your own after their set .
i myself usually need 3-5 minutes of rest which is more than enough time to exchange weights let you do your full set and exchange weights again .
i know this because i used to work out with one of my ridiculously ripped buds in college all the time and we never had a problem sharing a squat rack even though he was lifting double .
so my answer is treat others the way you 'd want to be treated .
if you wanted to use the squat rack but someone else was on it would you want them to include you in on their sets ?
really want to use griffith as a striker here are my players ravian yuri ee 60 bell anael kiki hildegard ee silla jin kei chitose mariel leah angela sage kevin death queen blade kirin irre roina and elaine in scout with 1600 gp .
i have no idea how she would fit in a team of thosr players and i do n't even have a good team setup for the players i currently have .
they 've got those three you mentioned and he 'll be next in line .
he 'll get plenty of game time because of that and he 'll develop a lot more actually playing european football .
they 'll probably have more games than us and he 'll be first in line when one of those three needs to be subbed .
i wish him all the best i think he 'll become really good .
wish he stayed of course but at this point i ca n't really blame him .
did you expect a definite wol out of 11 pulls ?
but unless you 're really good looking and/or born into wealthy family fucking bitches is usually the direct consequence of your achievements in life
actually the reason i do n't make the gun farm instead let the drone farm is so that it could be balanced for rammers also since it already has the traps and could make them impossible to defeat .
they 're all very legit fighters though and there 's nothing wrong with trying to get some attention on the flyweights .
good luck keeping wood perfectly dry in earth atmosphere outside contained desert environment .
in finland atmospheric humidity condensing within enclosed spaces within structure is what causes all those problems with mould spores which is the main reason for popularity of wooden construction which keeps the air moving drying out the condensation .
taxis are not regulated in this country anyone with a car can put a sign on the roof of their vehicle and make money .
besides taxi and marshutka '' drivers are some of the shittiest people i 've met in this country and i often have conflict with them verbally mostly over smoking radio etc .
about harassment of women i do n't know absolute majority of tourists i meet in tbilisi look happy and often it 's quite contagious .
in rural areas they look even happier and they 're always the ones starting conversation .
that 's why i find it hard to believe they are harassed massively .
maybe when i meet them they 're not yet harassed .
a bus that could n't stop cameron from going ahead with the brexit vote .
glyph of warding has a duration of 'until dispelled or triggered . '
either legitimately terrified of trump itself rather silly or 2 .
smugly self-satisfied at taking a rigid but politically correct position that allows them to not have to think or analyze any further .
royce 's trust the shooter and tlop are the only releases i loved initially and still go back and listen to .
elzhi 's lead poison blank face iiidrops untitled unmastered and still brazy are all dope but i have n't revisited them a lot .
do n't you think that we already earned these rewards ?
why should we have to wait to slowly regain them over time via the daily rewards system when we already earned them ?
i see the daily rewards system as another method of encouraging new players which is cool but it 's unrelated to these changes with respect to the rewards .
ich finde es wird der debatte als solcher nicht gerecht die sinningkeit bzw .
die unsinnigkeit von derartigen einrichtungen einzig an der wahl des vokabulars fest zu machen auch wenn das wort lager sicher nicht die beste wahl ist .
ich stimme dir gänzlich zu dass die geschichte gezeigt hat dass lager viele schreckliche dinge hervor gebracht haben aber was ist in dieser situation die alternative ?
deutschland hat in den letzten monaten oft genug gezeigt dass ich der flüchtlingsfrage humanität unser oberster wert ist dies bedeutet aber nicht dass geltende gesetze keine anwendung mehr finden und sich ein bleiberecht durch randalieren in einem flugzeug erhalten lässt .
würde dieses verhalten zu tolerieren nicht letztlich sogar eine art der gewalt bedingen wenn das schule macht ?
but if the name were to stay as auto-trapper that would be a bit misleading .
the two heaviest sentences for spousal murder were given to women .
same thing happened to me once i closed app my points and icon appeared .
the opposite of what the people profiting from the global wa cough climate change '' scaremongering are doing .
you know people like al gore and all the other elite who support carbon taxes and carbon trading and carbon credits and all the rest of the bullshit that has n't done a thing to benefit the environment .
i would rather i did n't need an attachment to ensure a shot to the head kills .
i do n't run around racing others to see which one of us can shoot first so i had no idea flinch headshots were a thing .
i just pre aim and i shoot while others are just sprinting in .
i see what you mean maybe i was thinking of a vassal too much as an independent state when in fact it signifies it being almost part of the mother country already .
this makes it much harder for me to imagine a french king deciding to reinstate the byzantine empire in 1550 as a french satellite .
also my byzantine vassal was sunni muslim maybe i 'm barking up the wrong tree trying to convince myself it was all really possible .
the linked info is pretty spot on but i would like to add one idea for you or a friend that may be concerned about ending up in valhalla ask yourself or have them ask themselves why is that desirable ?
even as someone who has spent a career engaged in or preparing for conflict i see an afterlife of constant death '' wounding and maiming being maimed as not very appealing .
despite the romanticized notions of feasting and debauchery that follow these battles '' spending any kind of afterlife disconnected from family and constantly killing being killed does n't seem desirable at least to me .
i guestion anyone especially those who have no real life experience of killing and war that says they want to spend eternity doing so .
it ' s '' is a special case it 's '' is always contractive the possesive its '' is always without an apostrophe .
there are videos of people being brutally executed by elevator doors or being held in place by them while the next floor does its dirty dirty work not so much sensor doors at a 7-11
when he mined that rock he was getting 4 kinds of minerals non of which are in game .
5/10 are red or toxic green or combined both and almost same looking for me same trees '' and even terain features like these gigantic snake like formations .
4/10 and brown lifeless rocks with gazillion outposts and abandoned bunkers .
1/50 is flush and pretty and i wana walk on that .
rest is variation of first 2 with either hot/cold instead of toxic or radioactive i dont see the diffirence .
animals are just silly no point even starting to write about those .
insert the last one here see i dont even remeber
for the testing purposses i installed warp x1000 to see if it gets wierder closer to the center ... nope sill same crap .
last thing is when you see a battle in space stationary freighter getting attacked small ships pass thru the big one and they dont even hit it with thier guns thier projectals pass thru on e3 2015 we see big ships beign hit
wow by reading the comments on tjis so called news i know again y so many people hate this subreddit because seriously guys ?
do you idiots belive every bit of bullshit those click-bait dirtsheets say ? ?
usee your damm brains for something else for once than just spamming stupid lame jokes and haitch faces and people would realize that this rumor is just a a stupid lame rumor and nohting more its god damm click-bait and the iwc felld for it again smh
like i said i ca n't be the only one who thought of this there are only so many screenshots to pick from
coach is there to give guidance between matches and during timeouts .
have an igl to do strat calling and economy management .
for some weird reason people seem to think that the coach should be the igl .
this would be great and give you many exciting variations in building and hiding your base to the environment !
yeah the doublethink and cognitive dissonance for the truth mission being true far outweigh the latter of it being faked .
year 1 queens wrath gear is unobtainable i believe .
alternate title 18-25 year olds do n't remember nader voters handing bush the presidency
just put armies of mouratoi archers w wooden stakes catapults and heavy spears on all the bridges by mosul and baghdad .
place triple line stakes on your end of the bridge and watch all their horses die .
i 'm pretty sure ghost adventures did an episode there .
dont act cocky by saying stick him at lb '' then lol
they could have easily delayed the pc version to fix the most severe bugs but they chose not to .
the game not even passing the hello game '' title or white screen for thousands of player is just unacceptable .
like the only test they made was on a pc with 32gb ram with 2 titan x and said yeah we 're good .
i 've seen 260k players connected '' to the servers on launch day .
i even wonder what the servers are there for ?
sharing the names of the already discovered planets between players that ca n't see each others ?
the game is sold as multi '' on steam when it has been proved to be a lie by streamers the very first day .
i 'm rockin ' a military pistol type multi-tool .
found the red black variant of the one op posted .
looked like an alien probe as opposed to a tool for mining and stuff .
ask yourself am i really a monotheist or simply a pyromaniac ? ''
because no matter which side you choose we all like a good bonfire and it is all going to burn over and over and over again .
i dropped off swtor for around a year ish and it 's great to get back into the game and see all this new content !
your guide was very informative and has helped me decide what i 'll eventually do after i cap/finish the stories on the agent i do love my agent .
you too can macro your buttons if you learn how to do it .
its not an advantage over other players its just something you do n't know how to do .
he even has a video explaining how to do it .
it 's literally one of if not the cleanest river that runs through a major urban area in the world .
because it gives people with jobs the chance to get paid again before draining their wallets .
http arzamas.academy/courses — lectures with transcripts on different educational topics .
a radio program говорим по-русски '' is about 10 minutes long and also has transcripts http echo.msk.ru/programs/rusalmanach
y is he building a staircase if he has ladders ?
ducky shine 3 mx red tkl orange led 75 shipping comes with original lightly used keycaps with o rings on and original cable .
good condition everything works tkl is not for me anymore .
og triumph adler pbt dye-subs backspace is doubleshot abs 67 shipped conus the entire set http imgur.com/axwtchu up close http imgur.com/m0mwugp
gmk cyan magenta 7u spacebar and unknown 7u orange spacebar 11 shipped conus
if i 'm feeling nice i 'll throw in an extra if you buy something .
do you guys think it could get an oscar nomination for best animated short ?
just had an invisible zenyetta on the other team .
you could n't see him in game or in kill cam .
his hero icon in bottom left was covered by a white box .
i 'm sorry for this gross post but i have a really big problem !
my diet has been quite poor since tuesday i ran out of money so all i really ate was rice for lunch and dinner and a couple eggs for breakfast .
anyway today i got my paycheque so i got groceries .
breakfast sandwich veggie wrap with lots of green stuff in there and a stirfry with chicken for dinner .
anyway i got the urge to go to the bathroom .
at first it seemed like it was fine but when it was juts about to come out it would like get stuck .
i strained as hard as i could and nothing would happen .
i read a bunch of stuff online and the pharmacy is closed so i ca n't get real stool softeners .
i took the little bit of olive oil i had left like a tbsp and some lemon juice .
then i went and bought a liter of orange juice from the gas station drank almost the entire thing .
then i read about impaction and i heard you had to break it up with your finger .
i tried and honestly it 's pretty hard i 'm not sure how i would break it apart .
but i do n't think i 'm impacted because i can feel it move down and when i stand up i feel it painfully go back up .
or is that just a daily thing to keep you regular .
i 'm working to have a female/gender-swapped mccree cosplay made but i 'm currently sourcing a pair of boots and a hat .
i could potentially find one locally but i figured online may be my best shot .
here http img11.deviantart.net/08f0/i/2015/274/a/d/mccree___overwatch___close_look_at_model_by_plank_69-d9bm5gz.png is a quick reference all the way around i think a plain pair of boots would work ?
as for the wig suggestions i kind of wanted something more in style for the period or something that fits his character though i do want it a bit longer say shoulders or lower .
i plan to buy from arda wigs would sandy brown be a good color ?
i 'm nc15 in mac foundation so i am on the paler side !
anyone have any clue what the row seat number go up to for the upper decks like section 203/208/220 ?
i know 1 would be an isle but what does it go up to ?
tried calling and they wont give me a number over the phone nor will they guarantee me an isle seat .
trying to get my anxiety prone relative thus want for an isle to a show and i ca n't find any isle seats .
i understand why people are unhappy with ash still not winning the big one but i do n't think it 's that bad .
by gaming standards he'a had a hall of fame career
ever grande conference top 8 at the end of the fray
lily of the valley conference top 4 the semi-final frontier !
ash ketchum has never competed in a conference and gotten worse than top 16 .
if he were a magic the gathering player he 'd probably be in the hall of fame already .
as you can probably tell from that fact alone i 've never actually been to hhn yet .
i 've got a nice little plan to go for my 20th birthday though .
found out about it through maze flowthroughs on youtube and then i learned about the icons and the event history and whatnot .
nonetheless i 've practically fallen in love with halloween horror nights and everything about it and if i found out i could go believe me i 'd drop everything for it .
but until that day comes i 'm content to sit online and wait for updates on the internet and live vicariously through youtube .
i just have to know am i the only one in this situation or are there any other hhn fans that have n't had the opportunity to go to the event due to the fact that they just do n't live in the area ?
this one is a short one and its also a big stretch but its good so here it is so in the episode where tho go to the moon base with peridot there was a room with a blue ball that was floating so what i was thinking was that pink diamond is not part of the cluster and never was but is at her first colonies base in that ball maybe blue diamond bubbled her and put here at her base but thats just a theory a steven theory
have to give the boot a helping hand when closing or it wont catch and just opens up again
when it 's hot out and i open the driver 's door it makes a loud pop like metal expanding in the heat
the most concerning of all is when i go over bumps at low speed the rear passengers side suspension sounds almost crunchy particularly noticable on my dirt road
if anyone knows what 's up with any of these problems or has any quick solutions it would be much appreciated
as the title says i 've created a wikia page for enderal to hopefully make an easy place for people to learn about the lore of enderal/vyn and find out information about quests characters and areas .
if you know anything that people may find useful then i 'd ask that you please take the time to document it for others to learn about it .
if you do n't want to then that 's fine enjoy the game but if you do feel like you have something to add and decide to contribute then i would be very grateful thank you for reading
edit ignore that wiki that i made there is an official wiki at http en.wiki.sureai.net/main_page .
this does n't make this post pointless however as this wiki is still severely lacking and needs users to fill in any information possible i encourage anyone willing to add any information they can to this wiki
i now have at least 118000000 experience points in the farming skill .
check out this page with free rp codes only three steps in 5 mins and you will get your code free ! !
i 'm starting up my own business in video production and as a musician myself i 'd ideally love to work with musicians for promotion music videos live recordings etc .
i 've created this survey in order to do market research and accurately establish my price points and identify how musicians or music business peoples utilise video content .
i would appreciate it greatly if i could borrow a couple minutes of your time .
these questions may prompt you to consider what you would pay and how you would use video yourself .
f.y.i i am australian so my price questions are written up in aussie dollars which is about 0.76 to 1usd so 1000 becomes 760 .
if you have any feedback or would like to talk about experiences with video i would greatly appreciate that .
oh yeah and if you have any surveys you want to do post them here .
hey guys frank came back to that livestream posted on his website check it out
trying to set up my pi zero using a wifi dongle for some reason it wo n't connect after inputting the wifi password .
all the pi has on it is retropie as i 'm using it for classic gaming
his gadget is currently op imo give him a time limit on the amount he can use it like 10-15secs
reading a few sources i think i understand what actually happened .
the song was basically written in the summer of 1966 .
the instrumental backing track for the part up until adieu or die '' was completed in the summer of 1966 .
there was the famous brian piano solo for the leonard bernstein program in late 1966 .
there is another recording of brian solo on piano .
this one is included on the smile sessions 2011 .
the bb finished the track in 1971 for the surf 's up '' album .
what i find strange is if carl 's vocal was only from 1971 why does the smile sessions 2011 version sound very different from the 1971 album version ?
is anyone experiencing long start up times for the latest version of the app ?
recommendations for bobbeh http boardgamegeek.com/collection/user/bobbeh ? rated=1 subtype=boardgame ff=1 as requested http reddit.com/comments/4xzkdn/_/d6njypa by u/bobbeh15 query u/boardgamerecommender bobbeh ''
generating recommendations based on a pool size of 446 with a commonality factor of 89 at level 2 higher is better .
you can request a longer version of this list by posting the text quot u/boardgamerecommender bobbeh new quot in a comment .
you can request a longer version of this list by posting the text quot u/boardgamerecommender bobbeh old quot in a comment .
felix the cat in the sack 2007 http boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/32125 7.0
we did n't playtest this at all 2007 http boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/31016 6.4
you can request a longer version of this list by posting the text quot u/boardgamerecommender bobbeh underrated quot in a comment .
betrayal at house on the hill 2004 http boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/10547 6.2
a game of thrones the board game second edition 2011 http boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/103343 7.0
you can request a longer version of this list by posting the text quot u/boardgamerecommender bobbeh overrated quot in a comment .
your boardgaming soulmate is tehtentacle http boardgamegeek.com/collection/user/tehtentacle ? rated=1 amp subtype=boardgame amp ff=1 based on a shared taste in 6 games .
for more information about how this bot works and optional commands see this post https www.reddit.com/r/boardgamerecommender/comments/41owd0/the_new_home_of_uboardgamerecommender .
these recommendations are courtesy of u/simiansays who wrote the board game recommender .
i 've only used roll20 a little bit so far .
i find that i apply to games and then after i am accepted no longer able to view the listing .
i would really like to go back and look at these pages because they usually have info on them that tells you about the game or scheduling that is n't present on the campaign 's page .
plus the game 's listing page and campaign page have separate forums .
i know these pages do n't go away because i have saved a couple of them on my bookmarks .
but i ca n't seem to find a link or database anywhere for these listing pages .
i just want to go back and look over my application and reread the game info again .
i watched some of it when i was a kid so i decided to jump back into it .
debated between this and ryuki but i went with this .
so far i kinda like what i 'm watching but i can see why people did n't take to it .
there 's oodles of exposition dumping kit 's rather bland a lot of focus on characters that do n't really require it once per episode and a few stupid decisions in-story for the sake of keeping to formula .
it comes off like the show is trying to cram in as many ryuki elements as it can and might collapse entirely if it keeps it up .
but the fight-footage is nice and ignoring all of the blatant exposition the story 's somewhat captivating .
i can see why it got that stunt coordination award .
i 've heard terrible things about the latter half of the show ... ..
edit wow ... ..did n't expect so many responses .
there 's a show on a monday that i 'm interested in going to but i have an early job and i 'm just wondering if i can make it work .
is it like a usual show of about 3 hours from showtime to end ?
i go to settings and try to adjust brightness and contrast but colors still seem washed out and more white less color-y .
so i up the colors but it doesnt really do anything .
but when i do gamer mode suddenly all the colors pop out really well but there is some stuff i want to change .
and when im in gamer mode it doesnt let me change anything .
so i can i get the colors that i get when im in gamer mode without being in gamer mode ? ?
edit fixed i lowered the shadow control from 50 to 40 .
and increases the contrast to 60 left brightness at 50 .
and pushed colors up to 90-100 depending on if i wanted cool or warm and that gave me the result i was looking for .
mods are asleep ... ehh let 's flame eachother ?
can we just talk about how ridiculous this question from ns fl is ?
would you say should we expect question like this from aamc ?
tbh after doing aamc material for 2 weeks i realize how bad prep companies are at writing exam .
anyone know if any other brands have frames similar these ?
this style fits my style and my face the best http www.framesdirect.com/framesfp/tag_heuer-lakaoaqg/r.html
just wanted to see what my other options are but these are my favourite so far .
carmilla is np3 or 4 ca n't remember exactly right now .
looking specially for a xuanzang ridermordred account bonus if there is also tamalancer .
also have davinci vlad and tamamo accounts if anyone is interested .
like usual you go first or we can get a middleman .
a question was raised to me by a person who just finished the show and watched the beta episode .
how was okabe able to get away from stabbing kurisu ?
would n't his prints and dna be on her and the knife ?
i 'm wondering if it 's just convergence or some other reason .
so we know it 's coming out in september of this year that 's for sure .
i took a look at their tour dates and saw that after the 28th they do n't play another show until the 8th when they come back to america .
i think it will release on the 1st in typical tour fashion a week ahead to give the fans time to listen to it through .
if so we 're probably going to get an announcement within the next few days about the album .
so we 'll just have to wait and see .
it had a female singer and there was a synthesizer/keyboard used throughout the song .
i ca n't remember any lyrics but i tried to recreate the main hook with an online piano .
any and all recursion users have i got some good shit for you today !
this is a fully packed pirates of the caribbean voice pack for recursion and by extension planetside 2 .
filled with classics such as ive got a jar of dirt '' thats not good enough '' you look familiar have i threatened you before ? ''
did everyone see that because i will not be doing it again ''
1 install new beta update of recursion new sounds are a part of this
2 download the zip file here https drive.google.com/drive/folders/0b6jc-8xtvaupv0hvuhc5wty5dg8 ? resourcekey=0-im0my9s0qdqdylqmktzldw usp=sharing also included in here is my team four star pack shameless plug
4 put the data content into the recursion folder .
5 select the voice pack in the tools option audio settings in recursion .
also thanks to hacksparrow for getting started on the audio files and setting me up to make the rest
so let 's say i did n't go to uottawa necessarily but also happen to be a big fan of the arkells .
does anyone know how strictly that uottawa has enforced frosh concerts in the past ?
did you have to show any sort of student id or should your ticket be enough to get in ?
and i 'm refreshing reddit every 5 mins for roster change drama .
so what does frank want us to do with those ...
i have spent all day crossing the malian wasteland to get to kumasi .
it 's strange the bombing of this region happened centuries ago but it 's effects are still present today heavy pockets of radiation can still be found in places and the areas south of the great desert you can still massive dead forests the perfect area to fight a war in .
luckily i still have n't run into any chimeras but i 'm sure they 're still watching me .
i 'm still hoping they do n't spend to much time pondering why a refugee is heading toward the bombed-out city do chimeras even ponder ?
i also saw a few real refugees a couple offered me some light food rations and water that i did n't pack real refugees do n't have food they said they also seemed curious why a random girl from the north funchal born and raised !
was walking toward a city occupied by enemies of the state but i just told them not to question it .
speaking of funchal my mind has already started to wander there .
i never really took the time to soak it in when i last saw it of course at the time i just assumed i would be one of many overqualified people assisting federation citizens with the evacuations in the north .
nobody has any illusions that we can win this war especially in africa but maybe we can slow the boers down enough to save them from death ... or worse .
as i write this i am slightly north of kumasi itself .
either i misjudged the distance or the crack pilot the government hired dropped me to far because it took me far longer to get here than expected .
sneaking in to an occupied city in the middle of the night under dubious pretenses sounds like a bad idea so i 'll wait it out until morning .
i 'm not sure if i can sleep who knows where and when the boers patrol but as i understand it chimeras are n't usually kept in captured cities so i do n't have to worry about seeing one of those freakish things .
i end this entry with another hope that the enemy does not mind me or this journal .
within kumasi is an item an item that is absolutely necessary to the success of my mission .
my superiors are confident that it is still there i just hope they 're right .
now there 's some new changes which i 'd like to 'research ' .
there 's an entire lizard people in that game .
most of my friends wont even call me unless i reach out to them first .
even then when i hang out with them most of them get angry at me .
i have no prospects for future relationships and little chance of making new friends .
my parents and sister would be sad if i was gone .
i have maybe 2 friends that would be sad if i was gone .
my life is not the worst as i am not disabled or have any sort of specific problems .
i am rather intelligent and i am somewhat phyiscally fit .
i have many skills which could be utilized for financial gain .
i am sure i could become some kind of entreprenuer or a doctor or something if i applied myself .
i dont really know the last time i actually was happy .
the only thing i can see my for my future is the constant drip of mediocrity and unfulfillment .
why should i continue going through the motions and living is misery just to make sure the handful of people who will get over my death will never have to ?
i was wondering what the actual practical implications of 'abolition of an offence at common law ' are ?
does that mean that all the case law that dealt with an offence is overturned not able to be used as precedent ?
specifically i 'm talking about this part of the crimes act 1958 vic '321s abolition of attempt at common law the offence of attempt at common law is abolished . '
does that mean that you can only use cases that came after the insertion of this statutory provision as precedent ?
not some bs master prestige shit with levels for years .
my period showed up early today which marks the beginning of our first trying '' cycle .
as soon as my period is done which should about a week and a half from now thanks ginormous fibroid luckily i have confirmation from two doctors that the ginormous fibroid should n't cause any problems with fertility we 're good to go .
i 've been lurking nofap for a half a year now getting streaks that ranged from 4 days to two weeks .
all i know is that i 'm sick of pmo ruling my life and i need to get serious and stop .
i relapsed about an hour ago and i was sitting in my bed thinking what can i do different what can i do to stop for good '' and then it hit me i need to make an account and talk to others going through the same thing .
so today is the start of the end for pmo and me .
hopefully i 'll look back on this post a year from now porn free but until then its time to start counting days again .
i get shield grabbed and crouch canceled and walled out with her f-tilt
after killing a bladed muspah it dropped a dragon helm .
i 'm unsure if this is classified as pastel or washed out
i 've tried googling this without finding anything useful .
so with stardust and candies for rare pokémons being so rare i 'm hoarding them at the moment .
i 've managed to catch a handful of 100 iv high tier 'mons so leveling them up is a no-brainer unless they have really crappy skills .
then comes the next problem where you one set one 's bottom threshold for ivs if one wishes to be a competitive gym player ?
since ivs are based on stats what are the differences in stats ?
like how much of a difference does 1 point less/more of atk/def/sta have against normal/super effective/not very effective ?
like say you have 3 vaporeons with the same skills facing an arcanine .
their stats are 15-10-10 atkporeon 10-15-10 defporeon 10-10-15 staporeon .
how much more damage will atkporeon inflict onto arcanine than the other two how many more hits will defporeon be able to withstand from arcanine and how much faster will staporeon be able to charge its special attacks ?
after killing a abyssal demon it dropped a dragon helm .
i for one want to know what language is being spoken just in case i do n't know it .
it 's especially annoying when people say something like hello '' and all the captioning says is speaking a foreign language . ''
at least write what they say in their language if you 're not gon na do translation titles .
hearing people can hear those sounds why should deaf people not get to read them ?
i changed to gpm a couple months ago since spotify kept crashing on my phone .
i like to download a lot of music onto my phone to play without data often just single tracks and not whole albums .
the problem is that its really unintuitive and complex to download a series of single songs .
i have to add each song to my library then manually find the album its from and download the 'album ' of one song .
if i already have a song from that album i have to undownload and redownload it since it apparently does n't recognize that it has n't downloaded one of the songs .
is there any way to automatically download songs as i add them to my library or something similar ?
e the 'auto-download ' setting does n't seem to do this .
im using cracked red eye orbs to invade and i 'm pretty sure i invaded a cheating host .
two bod invaded as well and i killed them both but did n't get any souls not sure about humanity .
im not really new to making gold but never really been above 200k gold .
then i kinda stoped caring lot for gold and just spend it on whatever .
i stoped like 2 months ofer wod launched and started again with the prepatch and around 20k gold .
then made my way to around 100k in a week by selaed tomes of the lost legion and some other farms .
now thanks to the fel spreaders im at 840k p
since i got a bit of gold now im happy to try new things in the auction house that i didnt before and i dont really care if i make a profit or not .
so i recently tried reseting two different kinds of markets .
so i bought all of them around 50-60 for 30-40g each and relisted them for 450g each .
which i though could sell since thats the price i sold them on the first day of the infiltrator patch .
but then theres these people i dont understand instead of undercutting normaly for like 400g or even 350g and taking advantages of the situation that ive reset the market they just list them again for 60g ?
the same thing happened with hypnotic dust since im on a low pop server and only around 40 dust listed i bought them all again for 13-15 gold each and listed them for 45g each .
and again people just halfed the price instead of undercutting for a bit .
which i guess is still better then 13g but yeah .
do you guys can explain to me why they do this ?
where is the chapter where from rba 's perspective bertholdt is flying away after transforming and busting a hole in wall maria and wall rose grown up and in wall maria 's case as a child ?
let me get the quick short introduction and background first 7 years front end developer angularjs 3 years and polymer 10 days
so i am starting to learn polymer and so far i really like the native approach which is i think the biggest selling point for polymer .
yesterday i was doing a course from a very popular website and i started seeing all this one way binding dual binding observers ... and it got me worried
the reason i am worried is because i am one of those who went through the angularjs honey-moon phase around version 1.0 and 1.2.x everything is awesome use dual bindings everywhere watchers ?
watch everything ... as a community we learnt a few years later that actually it is the opposite and you should avoid all these things .
i think i am not the only one here who has been dealing with performance issues with angularjs and went through this painful learning path from the early days of angular .
so i want to be wrong and i hope i am that 's why i am trying to find documentation and opinions around but it looks like we are going through the same honey-moon phase in polymer where please use all this observers dual bindings ... and the bad thing is that i have n't found many websites which talk about performance in polymer .
again this reminds me to the early days of angularjs .
i guess my question is should i be worried ?
should i avoid certain features from polymer to do n't get into performance issues ?
do you have any good suggestions of websites/books to read about this ?
i want to find gaymers to play online games with them ... ..smite is my fav online game i been playing it for 2 years i hate playing rank with random people
i still dont get around how the fake '' proof keem had was fake if it was a video how did he get a page in a video to be inspect elemented after it was clicked on ?
ca n't find the stupid thing anywhere with seeds so .
i do n't mind if it 's an xbox or ps3 iso iso format only for those versions though if someone could get me it i 'd be super grateful ! ! !
i mean specifically the uncaged/uncensored edition so not the reloaded crack .
yes i did anywhere search on my mail account .
how many of you guys actually think this might be the last map treyarch might bring out ... if what jason blundell says is true and our origins crew are done with all the soul searchin what else would there be for them to do ... i mean nothing .. just have them fighting zombies for no reason .. i mean there has to be a story behind it ..tbh ill really miss it .
its the best game ever with the best story ever .. and personally ill hate the fuck out of any new crew if thats gon na be the case .. any bew story .. but what do you guys think is gon na happen ?
moving to a new place in a couple of weeks and this is the first time we 've gone for unfurnished so we want to make ourselves a nice functional grown up space .
the space http imgur.com/txz67d7 a 2nd story square room under eaves mushroom colour walls and mid wood laminate flooring .
the window opens all the way inwards and can also be partially opened outwards .
the photographer would have taken this photo from the doorway .
i estimate 5x5m square i 'm sorry it 's a distorted photo but it is a simple room type so i hope this is okay !
we 're starting to move tomorrow so i could always get some better photos then and repost if i need to do so .
also one wall has a chimney breast and alcoves as seen in photo .
some mid height black wood shelving units from ikea one bookshelf and two 3 shelf narrow units all the same height
one small dark wood tv stand on wheels maybe 30x60 footprint ?
our plan at the moment is to put the table against the alcove and place a corner sofa against the wall opposite with the short end against the window wall and the tv stand in the centre of the room but it just does n't feel quite right .
how do you turn a square room into a dining/living space and make it feel cohesive i am so stumped !
i guess in this case i 'm looking for some wisdom/encouragement from anyone who can give it particularly if they 've been in my shoes and made it out just fine .
i 'm feeling trapped at the bottom of a hole .
life has been piling up a series of failures around me and with yet another door closing in my face i ca n't help but feel hopeless .
i 'm isolated by a family i have minimal ties to and post-graduation my friends are disappearing to various corners of the world and being successful .
i do n't have close friends around any more and they 're busy doing their own things .
my partner tries to help but he 's been kind of absent literally and figuratively for a few months now and i feel disconnected from him too .
so the problems aside from feeling alone are being waitlisted for grad school passed over for what few job opportunities i had needing a second barely-above-minimum-wage job to pay on tuition loans and generally feeling like years of hard work on my own to get out of my crappy family situation has amounted to nothing .
how do you pick yourself up and keep going when everything in your life keeps failing spectacularly ?
genie you get 3 wishes at the start of the game and there are 6 different tiers '' of wishes based on how many kills you have .
however you can only wish for items in the tier of kills you have .
if you have 1 kill you ca n't wish for items in the 0 kill list etc .
timebomb when a player dies a chest spawn with the players item and after 30 seconds it blows up .
shared health damage is shared across players in the team .
so far i 'm enjoying nms but i feel like i 'm moving so slowly compared to most of the players i see on this sub .
is there any tips a beginner like me could use to advance further ?
in core when you run up on someone and hit them with your elbow it has absolutely no effect on them and you 're the one that suffers .
would n't you think it should at the very least daze them instead of it being an almost instant kill on you ?
i 've been playing some time and hit a wall around ashan .
as a f2p my team gear is n't the best .
atm i use deb jack mu carrot and mas sonic boom .
i already realised i should change deb to chenny mas sonic boom to serenedy ?
which of these heroes would fit ghost step most ?
got it today yay i 've already looked at the '' which hero should wear which set '' but none of them is leveled and i do n't want to waste the set on a low char
anyway what team s would you suggest for ashan and the next map also what was your main team when you were there ?
and last i guess im looking for a guild that get 's the 18 or more bonus daily .
edit thanks for the replys guys i think i have a plan now
every time i switch to my wifi at home after a long day of hunting .
switching to my house wifi suddenly render it useless .
plus in the past i can see nearby pokemons still .
see i think legendaries are unique cards and having an ice wizard myself i 'm f2p i think it would be a shame to take away from how unique the card is .
there are some players who are lvl 9/10 with 100s of wins who still do n't have one .
these are the people i think who really deserve a better chance to get a legendary
i 'm very new here ... like ... 3 minutes spent here kinda new ... thank you in advance for your replies !
i 'm trying to pre-order it so that i can have shinsuke and apollo creed~~crews at launch but it seems sold out on all the major sites .
when we went to look into liquor the other day the clerk helping us seems to have put the fear of god into the fw about caterer 's liking to open as many bottles of alcohol as possible which leads to us not being able to return it .
she wants me to mention it to the caterer not to open anything unless we 're going to use it .
i 'm thinking of maybe just mentioning we 're hoping to return what we do n't use ... what do you think ?
anyone have a way of addressing this without coming across super tacky ?
for those who are n't aware he 's an anarcho '' capitalist .
he has a clip of a woman smashing a scale with a hammer and he calls her names like fat bitch '' and goes on about how she eats a cake a day '' and then proceeds to put up jabba the hutt whenever she talks .
he also has a shit ton of videos about feminists and debunking '' blm .
then comments like she thinks smashing the scale will make her thing trololololol i 'm a dum fukin idiot '' as if that was the point of her gesture .
i knew an '' caps were bad just jesus christ this is another level .
random number just texted me that it has pictures of me sleeping with a 16 yo girl and that his has my car plate number and texts showing that i sollicitated her for money .
if i do n't listen to them he will give my info to the police .
so what i think i had a one night stand with a girl yesterday did n't ask for her age but she really looked at least 25yo .
i 'm thinking if it could be her who 's trying to blackmail me .
i really doubt the credibility of this whole story she would have to be a psychopath to arrange such a scheme with pictures of me and my plate number .
it still makes me anxious and i wanted to know my options if she keeps harrassing me .
i would n't mind your thoughts on the level of the threat as well .
i got out of engineering because i was bored and frustrated and switched to economics .
i have one of the basic courses out off the way but there are two other intro courses that are prerequisites for almost everything .
those two classes are not being offered this semester and i 'm considering dropping everything because paying 20k to take seven hours seems ridiculously foolish .
shoot me a message if you 're interested and i 'll send you an invite .
i was playing dead by daylight as a survivor and the game was incredibly laggy .
i 'm curious is this my doing in anyway ?
i have lag issues sometimes as the killer as well but when i host it 's not as bad .
i always run a speed test before booting up my game and i 'm always pushing out 5 from 30 mbps .
i 'm curious because i 've been blamed for it when i host a lobby but even when i 'm not hosting i still experience the lag .
i 've been toying with the idea of putting some crappy sparklers i have into my bob .
they 're pretty low quality but they do burn brightly for the half minute or less that they do and i have quite a few .
i now have at least 198000000 experience points in the constitution skill .
i now have at least 198000000 experience points in the slayer skill .
after killing a celestial dragon it dropped a draconic visage .
so i have all the xpacs and i was wondering if i needed to complete all my companion quests before i start the rise of the hutt cartel or any of the other xpacs ?
or can i just wait till im lvl 65 and finish them all then ?
and the story according to asensio 's father '' we used to take walks around the port where the president had his boat and one day my late wife saw him and told marco to go take a picture with him .
and she told the president take a look at this face because one day you 'll sign him '' source https twitter.com/elchiringuitotv/status/765549956224528384
and here 's asensio when he was 8/9 years old with the shirt of la séptima http i.imgur.com/jyhfs63.jpg http i.imgur.com/n5h1ntg.jpg
i 'm av and i 've got a new fresh nami club with the tag rnami on the na server .
if you would like to be added to the meme team just message me .
so my main was mage on legion and i am not liking mage that much on beta legion and i saw some shadow priest gameplay that i acutally find out funny but i ca n't really decide on what race should my priest be since the humans are gon na get nerf can i get some options ?
hi everyone its mcrandy the owner of randycraft here to let you know about our 4 month old server .
it is survival on hard with no resets and 1 scheduled restart per day .
there are 5 regular players now with a few guests that pop in now and again .
we have a town for trading and a few bases scattered around the map and a nether hub to connect most biomes .
we are friendly to all and play to relax and build .
if you want to be left alone to explore that is fine too .
we do n't have an application because we dont care about your age gender or experience .
violators of the rules will be banned on first offence .
we have 60 player slots and no problems with lag .
email fubroski gmail.com with your minecraft username to be added to the whitelist or leave a comment here with your username .
anyone willing to share some awesome leather transmogs they can think of ?
i want to change my monk 's transmog these days and i am not sure what to farm .
i am currently rolling with the soo monk set and sometimes the heroic firelands leater ones .
have one of those one-page websites with a background video e.g .
this http mediaboom.com/home is not mine but would like to loop through 3 videos instead of 1 .
or is the better option to download some video editing software and concatenate together the files .
inb4 have n't been a web developer in lots and lots of year but do understand css html and js but not like you whippersnappers do it today .
looking to buy surface pro 4 for upcoming dental school .
mainly will use it for notetaking video internet writing music
i 'm also considering using it to view sheet music and place it on a piano .
it can get quite loud and vibrates especially when hitting bass notes .
i 'm wondering if this will rattle the sp4 and damge it ?
i managed to push my gpu to 1360mhz stock voltage 1162mv .
now before i push it beyond 1400mhz i 'd like to check if there are any samples where i can see the voltages ?
i know that every gpu is different but i 'd like to have some kind of an oc guide .
i 'm starting to invest on photoshop web design and im wondering if you guys know any youtuber with good tutor skills for webdesign .
this is my squad after nine seasons place name rating ask questions and rate my squad .
obama is dead set on passing the tpp this fall .
i do n't think anyone here needs educating on what kind of dystopian ecocidal neoliberal regime this will usher in .
right now the public anger against the tpp has yet to boil over into mass demonstrations .
however it has put both presidential candidates in the awkward position of opposing it with trump ironically perhaps a more honest opposition to it than clinton .
of course neither of them can be trusted and the tpp is almost certain to make its way into law within the next year .
the only recourse at that point will be mass civil unrest .
this could be if you will a critical juncture in the dialectic the runaway train of neoliberal capitalism smashing head on into the vast scattered multiplicity of the people 's anger .
we need to be up to the world-historical task before us .
we need to be able to shut down our cities highways ports to find the leverage points of corporate power disable and dismantle .
but this grand pact for neoliberal capitalist domination will lead to runaway environmental devastation .
we ca n't afford to spend the next few decades playing catch up .
the engine of global capitalism is pushing us like it or not towards a decisive confrontation .
it was the year 279 bce when noru vahaar died .
one minute he was discussing matter of state the other his hands went to his heart and he collapsed down the palace staircase .
the sahari council http i.imgur.com/9jd7r8t.png was interrupted and informed at once .
most had been put in their position by noru himself and were visibly shaken at the news .
it took a while for anyone to speak up and the first to do so was oran the master of mint .
the sahar dead and his only heir is five years old ?
dakar master councillor had still been processing the news but these words turned his head .
you 'll speak with more respect for your new sahar in the future oran.
his words had the threatening undertone that was usually in everything dakar said but the master of mint did not let it go .
master he 's five ... he can not possibly rule the people and he will most definitely not rule me !
dakar was shaking with anger and in a voice surprisingly strong for someone his age shouted for oran 's arrest .
several members of the council stood up in protest but the guards recognized dakar 's voice as the one with most authority and restrained the master of mint at once .
the master of law shouted that this was surely illegal and the master of faith decided that arresting a master was against the will of the mahana .
dakar stood up and moved to the head of the table the place of the sahar .
he calmly sat down and shouted again in that powerful voice silence !
the room went quiet and the master of law was the first to break the silence .
you ca n't sit there ... you have no authori
i have all the authority in this room right now .
i thought you 'd have realized that by now. dakar took a deep breath and looked over the table where his fellow masters finally realized there was nothing they could do anymore .
now i know there are some problems with a five year old ruler.
so i will take his position for ten years .
when taro vahaar turns fifteen he can assume his rightful position as sahar.
now there was more disagreement in the room the master of war was the first to stand up .
oh but i can ... in fact i just did .
he nodded to the guards who lowered their spears and pointed them at the master of war who turned his angry look into a forced smile and sat down quietly .
then it seems we 've reached an agreement. dakar smiled stood up and left the masters alone in the room .
my budget is around 1000 usd wich makes about the same amount of chf switzerland
do you prefer a 2 in 1 form factor good battery life or best specifications to your requirements for the money ?
i really want a good battery life an agreable 13ish inches screen and good specs aswell but battery life is more important .
very important since i 'll be carrying it around all day in my backpack around classes .
plus i 'm biking quite a lot everyday and do n't want to have a brick wall on my back .
i 'd like a laptop under 1.3kg i can make exceptions if it 's really worth it
i 'll be using it mostly for typing notes and reports reading and python coding .
i 'd like to be able to run some games too .
if you 're gaming leave blank if you put n/a above ... do you have certain games you want to play ?
i 'll be playing league of legends aoe2 faster than light minecraft .
mostly small old games and indies that does not require insanely good specs .
this will not be my gaming pc i already have one at home but i 'd like to run some games on holidays during breaks at friends houses .
i do n't want to have astonishing graphics low settings at 50 fps is fine .
any specific requirements such as good keyboard reliable business grade build quality touch-screen finger-print reader optical drive or good input devices keyboard/touchpad ?
not heating too much when playing youtube hd videos quiet fan .
leave any finishing thoughts here that you may feel are necessary and beneficial to the discussion .
i 've done 1 year with a surface pro 3 but i 'm not using the stylus/touchscreen function as i thought i would be the battery life is kinda limited and it heats too quickly when multitasking/watching videos .
thought about the dell xps 13 http www.dell.com/us/p/xps-13-9350-laptop/pd ? oc=fncwt5149b l=en s=dhs wich matches my requierments but i 'd like some advices first .
was wondering where and how do i get the musical instruments ingame . .
i was wondering if anyone else has had the following problem and if anyone has figured out a fix .
i 'm running android 7.0 on my nexus 5x build number npd90g uk on three and my wifi has really really slowed down .
when i 'm downloading an app or updating one in the play store or downloading a podcast for example it downloads at 72kb/second !
however as noted by a few others on the google nexus help pages here https productforums.google.com/forum ! topic/nexus/ezsc6jrnpqg context-place=topicsearchin/nexus/nexus 205x 20wifi 20slow 20bluetooth 7csort date here https productforums.google.com/forum ! topic/nexus/jeuqmhtorrc context-place=topicsearchin/nexus/nexus 205x 20wifi 20slow 20bluetooth and here https productforums.google.com/forum ! topic/nexus/b_lybpcyxq8 context-place=topicsearchin/nexus/nexus 205x 20wifi 20slow 20bluetooth when i switch on bluetooth the speed jumps up to several mbps .
when trying to download chrome after a factory reset to see if that fixed the problem it was going to take 13 minutes .
when i turned bluetooth on it finished the download in seconds .
if i use just my 4g the download is as fast as expected .
the problem is that the wifi speed is now awful .
screenshots of speed test without bluetooth switched on really slow 0.27mbps !
and then with bluetooth switched on as it should be 52.8mbps ! .
i 've used multiple wifi networks and the problem persists .
i 've reset my router and the problem persists .
i 've contacted my broadband supplier virgin and they talked me through some checks and it all seems fine .
i 've done a factory reset on my phone and the problem persists .
my home broadband is 52mbps and the speed is fine on my macbook pro and wife 's laptop and phone .
i added a post to the google help pages and spoke to a representative at google but my post was classed as a duplicate '' despite no conclusive answer being given to similar posts and the representative said it must be android 7.0 and to either downgrade to android 6 which is tricky or wait for the full release of 7.0 .
or just leave bluetooth on which seems to really drain my battery .
edit added screenshots of speedtest without bluetooth switched on and then with bluetooth switched on .
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
also feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score so people can compare .
looking for someone who could powerlevel my gunzerker to lvl 72 i 'm currently lvl 32 .
i would even be over the moon if someone could quickly pull me through the rest of tvhm main story if that sounds better than getting me to 72 i 'm currently rescuing roland .
a few years ago i had a lady analyze my handwriting at a party .
i was a skeptic until she gave me her analysis and she pretty much hit the nail on the head with everything she said .
ive been interested in learning graphology or how to analyze ones handwriting but have not been able to find much information by way of the internet .
if anyone can help me with getting started or teaching this skill set all help is appreciated .
i would like to be self taught or have someone help me with the process
hello all been meaning to get a new graphics card since my 770 went bust a while ago and figured i 'd wait till the non reference 480 's started appearing .
problem is i 'm not the most tech savy when it comes to hardware so thought i would ask you guys for some advice .
which cards are worth looking at which should n't i touch with a 10 foot barge pole should i stick with going amd or are nvidia 's cards worth sticking around for ?
are 480's/1060 's even a good choice and should i just get a previous gen card ?
even though you did not post a request for carracosta i did send one because i saw it in the gts .
mods i am not counting this one for the points .
you can argue that woodley is n't the best welterweight in the division .
but i would bet every cent that i have in the bank that woodley would chop conor and permanently retire him .
is it just me or does anyone else think this is a bad idea ?
for windows you 'd either need a cracked version or specifically supported usb devices to install windows go on .
they 're annoying to see they 're pests outdoors and fucking ruined my spaghetti squash plants this year and now the big fuckers are finding their way inside .
i hope its cool that i swore so much but seriously fuck ants .
can these announcers talk about the plays that are happening instead of how white they are ?
a lot of it depends on how far south you are .
i was reading about some folks who went into upper big branch a few weeks ago to strip copper and not all of them made it out .
i guess those ones have made it to twitter so you may be right but with most people there usually are n't bad defensive highlights so someone like kyrie probly is overrated because undervaluing defense .
but you are likely right on this one because they 've made their rounds on twitter
i do n't have any desire to buy crates .
i do n't feel pressured to buy them sorry if you do .
i was positive that i 'd grow up to be hotter than i am now
its really not a bad gig although i 've done more than just the ops job for a while .
as an ops you 'll be responsible for basically all of supplies audits back of house etc ... its not hard but it is a lot of work .
feel free to message me if you have questions or if you need anything .
my question is beyond calling the company the atm guy works for do i have any sort of a suit against the company ?
you have every right to call the atm repair company and file a complaint .
you have no grounds for a lawsuit because you have no damages at the moment .
he was saying that 's why pc gamers care because the console gamers are holding back gaming in general .
the existence of consoles have made certain games worse .
i 'm no actor but i am kind of obsessed with the chorus and its role in henry v .
i still have a short essay from school if you 're interested in my take on the chorus ' function .
i used to sharpen cheap knives on padded sandpaper and it worked pretty well .
i 'll put a link below but i used to just lay it on the end of a table and use it like a strop slide the blade across at a 20 angle towards the spine .
it always worked pretty well for a 6 sharpening method .
you would be much better off just getting a cheap sharpening stone and learning on it .
whatever limitations may trammel inquiry elsewhere we believe that the great state university of wisconsin should ever encourage the continual and fearless sifting and winnowing by which alone the truth can be found .
quote from the foundation of the wisconsin higher education system .
had to memorize it and write it verbatim for a philosophy test .
jokes on you i study both mechanical engineering and physics .
any saw will eventually need sharpening and it 's not as easy as those videos from p.sellers rip is fairly easy but crosscut not so much .
i 've given lessons on sharpening and it 's not for everybody .
you should practice on a 5 or 10 saw before trying on any good saw .
4tb disks are cheap and 10tb are not that expensive .
my plans is no raid local backup on external usb once a month and encrypted backup on amazon 's drive .
it looks like it has some kind of moustache ... i like it
i am an automotive product development engineer so yes i know a fucking thing or two .
that you are sorry and insert reasons feelings current state of play to spare her feelings as much as you can .
and that you 'd prefer to keep the apartment .
that you know she 's invested a lot and would be able to offer her or she can take some of the stuff .
negotiations are about her having an equal say to you about timelines and finances and the division of stuff .
and you will have to deal with the emotions and consequences of all of the above .
so no there is no quiet and hassle-free way to break up with someone you 've lived with and loved for 2 years .
it depends on the type of tent or equipment your looking for .
a simple 2 person tent starts at about €30 nothing fancy if you know where to shop .
same for a matras a sleeping bag can get expensive quickly .
for a simple setup you can get far with about €100 excluding sleepingbag .
only noticed bc my characters with exp plus wo n't 1 shot with auto attack and saw the counter .
i 'd like to see this made into a song to be honest .
i was raised in a family that owned a logging company
and to this day all he can think about is logging !
those thick long hard pieces of wood are constantly on his mind .
i imagine if you ask these women what they think they would scoff at you .
their whole lives they have had to rely on men to go anywhere and now they can just pull out there phone without anyone 's permission .
you get in one little fight and your mom gets scared
i heap the sugar high and white on everything i eat .
given how terribly most moders and paradox itself note their code this is much less helpful than it should be .
the biggest grievance for me is a lack of ability to find what files are linked intuitively .
i 've taken the beer bus from kroll 's .
make sure you do n't bring glass bottles on the bus .
i started a rather successful oil and gas land leasing company in north dakota i was 19 when i got my first considerable paycheck from it .
my motivation was nothing more than being tired of hearing about people getting fucked by big oil and through that saw an opportunity in a niche and carved out a market .
the hardest part was getting people to take me seriously .
but fortunately it gets easier every time and there is always someone who will work with you to break through that first wall .
now eventually your bright new fun and big dreams idea becomes just another boring day of work it will happen it does to everyone .
structure your business to sell it to someone else like it or not if you are successful your business will hit a point where you can no longer grow with it or you completely exhaust your market staying versatile and fluid or getting out at the right time are massively important .
it 's the curse of the entrepreneur you never grow up to be a company man .
still a hell of a lot better than working for someone else though .
okay i must 've not had the patch downloaded earlier because i just started it up again and i 'm now getting 60-70 fps constant ! !
we also have a peculiar squirrel out here http i.imgur.com/jafoeen.jpg
i 'm still holding out hope for a justice league dark title .
swamp thing deadman and etrigan are on the rebirth poster and have n't appeared in anything thus far .
i 'd really like it if the new doctor fate joined the team too .
also legit in the detroit metro area gas station middle eastern food .
my absolute favorite of new weird stuff is the novella veniss underground by jeff vandermeer but like others have said you really ca n't go wrong with anything by vandermeer or china mieville my favorite of mieville 's is kraken so far .
vandermeer is a little more horrorific than mieville usually and does better with short stories and novellas than novels in my experience but the two authors are very similar overall and if you like one you 'll probably like the other .
it may also be worth checking out some magical realism as it gives a different but similar sort of vibe imo .
the wind-up bird chronicle by murakami is a good one .
would 've been great to have him as third choice .
i do n't know what you 're going on about .
there is n't even any hype in the west ...
so what 's this wave they 're supposed to ride that you 're talking about ?
these posters from the guerilla girls succinctly highlight one of the problems with the popularity of female nudity in art .
meanwhile 99.8 of the depictions of genitalia are male .
it seems western art did n't learn about female anatomy until the twentieth century or so .
this was probably also for sexist reasons but not the sort the poster thinks is important it 's a weird dynamic .
grab the proper cia from the 9.2.0 update pack install the cia using fbi .
and delete home menu extdata find the one that ends in 08f .
we should be doing as you suggested with the moon .
mars is way more sexy though and because it 's easier to sell to the public it becomes easier to get that sweet sweet government subsidy money .
the moon mining operation would be lucrative but it has such a long timeline before it becomes .
with mars you can get paid now for some promise of a goal in the far future .
it reminds me of some of the military boondoggles like the f-35 that go on for years without delivering an actual product .
she can get df'ed for it but the elders wo n't because it 's not a sexy sin .
wale is a total fucking mark case and point his vid with whatculture .
permanent ban after having numerous bans over the last year for 1 sharking .
intentionally misrepresenting item values to new users with the intent to swindle them .
2 abuse of premium services multiple instances of sharing services with other users .
3 abuse of the trust system intentionally posting inappropriate trust .
4 multiple instances of being an asshole to other users in the forums and in suggestion comments .
i do n't want to go to asia to buy them though so i think i 'll just go to one of those custom t-shirt websites and get a bunch of shirts with nonsense phrases printed up .
you should angle your saddle forward more so that it is roughly parallel with the ground .
you will feel less like your ass is sliding of the saddle
no sweat i will admit though it is tasty .
but i 'd say big eye is still my fave tuna .
now what percent of hoosiers buying animal farm thought they were buying a book about actual farming practices ?
after you see the movie you should let me know if you agree lol
that 's only really handgun bullets that travel that slowly .
you forgot the important part also always aim for nat 3 or nat 4 in summoning stones .
i like to use when most of the nat 4 in the rotation i want for skill up or to get a good mon .
edit when i said important part i mean you forgot to put your link in swarmfarm .
in a start main hero cant everything but he go straight to the greatness with cool music .
does it really take that long for weight loss to begin ?
you still have to show up to the airport an hour early for a 30 minute flight .
i do n't know how good public transportation is in hawaii but if you have to rent a car now you 're adding another hour to the end of that .
you have to pack your carry-on to tsa standards or check your bag .
it feels to me like an interisland ferry would be much less hassle for the traveler .
i do n't think i 'm quite at your level but nevertheless i 'll give it a shot .
when a musician begins his acceptance speech this way after being presented his award by the cranberries .
we wo n't pay the money until you release our hostages but it 's not a ransom never a ransom .
finally posted chapter 8 of argt dawn yes i changed the name and am a good way through chapter 9 http teamargtthecolddawn.tumblr.com/post/148908320511/argt-dawn-chapter-eight
they 're not artistic or minimalist they 're modern age tribal tattoos .
you 're gon na look like a twenty one pilots fan to pretty much everyone .
you 're gon na get tired of explaining them to everyone really quick they also take up so much wasted space .
please do n't get this trash tattooed on you take a look at these artists
you just described every 68-85 ford car i ever owned .
the p/s would just screeach in my 68 galaxy 500. full of nice clean fluid belt perfectly tight ... .
my counter still says 59 days to go ... .
try to do some research before you fall victim to click bait titles .
cub libre the scouting movement faces insurgency from one of its age groups .
ey that 's my fish four yorkshiremen fight over the remaining stock in a huddersfield chippie .
it 's a small gut but it 's there .
i 'll need to put them in the classic pots and send it through air mail but maybe it 'll appease them
emma won a match with a thumb to the eye earlier this year on raw .
true but you can play15 cball alts without a real problem .
fuck the angels fuck nick vincent fuck scott servais fuck everything that sucked
you can keep believing stats alone is the end all be all .
the info where all numerical stats is derived from still have their flaws corsi and fenwick .
they 're pretty good but it 's not perfect .
that 's why it 's still crucial to be watching guys play .
and that 's why advanced stats are so important it 's to affirm the gms and management what they 're seeing and help them find the flaws in their judgement and allows them to find and exploit the non-symmetrical information .
it 's not for casuals to use it as a dick measuring contest for how much hockey they know .
my running club back home sticks to trails 85 of the time .
i would call them intervals because they were always repeats of set distances namely from one landmark like a trailhead to another .
nice sign did you rip off that piece of cardboard from your last box of tampons ?
it never stays at 90 fps even on a 1080 and above .
just listen to the radio while you watch unfortunately it 'll be a little out of sync but i think there 's programs to delay the radio so you can sync it to the game
situations like these are exactly what the police and restraining orders are for .
i 'm from a small gossipy town so i know the risk but those people are not worth listening to .
when you or a loved one is in danger you go the police nosy gossips be damned .
kinda looks like a gas bladder if the planet has a denser atmosphere .
it 's either a blimp or it 's outright swimming .
like the one hrc is proud of getting off on a technicality ?
pretty much what mine looked like when i was 20. looks like you could have a decent chin beard right now if you wanted.. as far as it all filling out just gona take time .
by the time i was 25 i looked like a fuckin viking .
try the full beard again next year if thats what you want
have you seen bisons face ... . and fuck mika too the end of the world
the fact that ucf did that with the tetris theme song made me like ucf more .
i posted a link here in the comments and on yt
the only reason i can why it was sticked there was for the mods to keep all the negativity on the sub there an that 's it 's .
that 's the only positive purpose i can see .
the amount of comments i 've seen about legal action being taken against hg is amazing i can honestly say most of those people do n't indend on making the game better they at just riding the hate wave of this game .
there is truth and there is also misguided anger i can happily tell you which one that thread sits at .
personally i usually stay that i ca n't see the rad town but i 'm like a two minute walk from it in a relatively secluded area and/or a body of water .
it usually helps a lot with the clan camping cancerous cans and shit .
you said sanders 's losing had nothing to do '' with those outside '' elements .
i 'm just arguing the contrary position that you 're making too little of them .
in my city bernie drew a crowd of 30,000 10,000 of them standing outside the venue .
he had huge popular support yet the media downplayed him at every turn .
9 addiction rate in adults higher risk if used before age of 18 .
basically the lowest risk for any known pain relief medication by a long shot .
we can start lumping these people in with climate change deniers .
im close to vr and currently developing for it .
from an addiction stand point vr will definitely be more interactive immersibe and eventually it will be more social as well .
however vr fatigue is huge so usage wont be more than 2 hours at a time .
the unfortunate thing is vr fatigue is so draining 2 hours on vr is like 4 hours of regular gaming .
add vr to a highly complex game and you 'll be getting brain burnout in 30 mins .
i always saw it as sweeping back to a single spike not splitting like that .
i can still say the entire spanish alphabet but can not for the life of me speak spanish .
right but you can convert by multiplying by the relative density of sunscreen versus water in troy ounces per hogshead .
i do n't think you 're at your full potentially .
if you toned up a bit and lost just a few 5-8 lbs you would be a 10/10 .
you 're still really hot and easily a solid 8 or 9 .
do n't be too hard on yourself but do n't feel bad about wanting to be the best you you can be if that 's what you went to do .
yeah reddit folks tell you to play seatac but it 's super easy to lose a disc there .
it 's why i recommend the lakewood course 3 miles away first .
it 's a lot more open and better maintained .
if laws are the only thing stopping you from committing murder the laws are n't the issue it 's your mental health .
i 'm not proposing getting rid of murder laws as protection of life liberty and property are the only reason to have government around but nonetheless anyone admitting that they 'd commit murder without laws is an asshole .
san francisco it 's been a bit of a double edged sword people who were there early are n't getting priced out .
berlin 's rent control was called a failure because rent still rose but it was n't designed to stop rises it was designed to slow them and it did .
but i do n't think airbnb would have approved the guest 's claim so easily had op actually followed through with the resolution process in the 72hr timeline .
your description of what to expect from your game sounds lovely and the time frame is great .
can anyone make a recommendation for your international friends ?
i 'm currently in the uk and a lot of these are unavailable or only available with ridiculous shipping and taxes .
edit i know icebreaker are available but i have not heard great things about their quality thin/holes etc
cant really fault the production quality but good lord is it the most uninspired song ... thats my biggest problem with this band the whole thing seems like a multimedia project which i guess it is really but there is fucking zero substance to the music and isnt that whats its about at the end of the day ?
everything they do is borrowed from someone else in a not-so subtle way .
i just used the reddit search and it shows up for me .
here 's what my search page looks like https www.reddit.com/r/gamedeals/search ? q=mass+effect sort=new restrict_sr=on t=all
oh no that 's too crazy of an idea for calgary transit !
they 've got ta pull a new system out of their ass that does n't even work
they can just make it easier to vote i do n't see why that would cost any more money .
it 's clear you just want to make the voting process as difficult as possible .
i can still recite the scout law and oath from many years ago ... good times
as the step daughter of a wonderful woman who grew up on a farm with an outhouse from xi'an .
there 's a ton of nearly done star wars games that never got released because of how messed up lucasarts was functioning .
battlefront 3 was virtually complete and included ground to space combat missions a very heavily story-based single player mode where you played as an elite clone trooper who would eventually cross blades with a jedi and everything that ea 's battlefront was n't .
star wars 1313 was an m rated gritty third person shooter/action game that starred a young adult boba fett .
the e3 trailer showed off a full gameplay trailer with in-game cutscenes and action sequences .
dark squadron was a spinoff of rogue squadron where you would play as darth vader in various tie ships in an alternate reality where the first death star never blew up .
it would have been for the first xbox and had online battles .
it was cancelled because a head at lucasarts wanted to make his idea for a shitty chewbacca game instead .
rogue squadron collection was a super ambitious wii game that would have remastered all three rogue squadron campaigns with heavy multiplayer focus .
it also featured multiplayer 1:1 motion controlled lightsaber battles using the wii 's brand new motionplus controller revamped ground missions for rebel strike swoop bike racing coop and vs space battles and just about everything you could want in a star wars game .
it too was almost complete but factor5 went bankrupt and started a new company in secret instead of paying their employees .
they were sued by their former employees for months of unpaid wages and lost never getting to release the game .
say something thats not normally accepted and people flip their shit .
your post has been automatically removed because as it 's too close to being something that overlaps in r/hiphopheads .
you are free to discuss it on indieheads in any of our daily discussions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/indieheads if you have any questions or concerns .
fun fact ligers are abnormally large because they are missing the gene that limits growth .
tigons where a male tiger mates with a female lion are abnormally small .
i have concluded that the assessment is to be made by reference to an ordinary and reasonable member of the group of people concerned and the values and circumstances of those people .
but not a single judgment has said the test is subjective .
judgments concerning section 18c have consistently and explicitly applied an objective test frequently citing the second reading speech of the racial hatred bill 1994 by the then attorney-general 'the bill requires an objective test to be applied ... so that community standards to behaviour rather than the subjective views of the complainant are taken into account . '
the principle of an ordinary reasonable person or the man on the clapham omnibus '' goes back to at least 1903 .
that does n't change the fact that there is no reliable way to measure the claims being made under 18c .
in the real world where ordinary reasonable people live this assertion is a lie .
not that voicemail is used too much in 2016 literally only my mom leaves me voicemails but please take my money already
if you called me for help and i 'm at your house to help you do n't fucking question me and my work .
people always wan na tell me how to do my job .
then why the fuck did you call me if you know how to do it ?
i could tell this joke but the comic makes it less funny .
one of those tall explorers with a big extra thingy on one side .
the fact that scientific theories can not ever be proven true is more than a curiosity its significance goes deeper than that .
for example the ether theory prevailed for almost 300 years but because it was a scientific theory no one assumed it was true only not yet falsified .
then it was falsified in a famous experiment which became one of the stepping stones to relativity .
and easier to say proof '' than a couple lines about theory and why it means pretty much proof but not quite '' .
science is n't mathematics where theorems can be conclusively proven true or false and it is n't a belief system where you prove your loyalty by believing what everyone else believes .
in science skepticism rules and authority has no place .
edit here 's another example of the infamous reddit effect '' to wit want to get downvoted ?
no problem just post something that is provably correct and uncontroversial .
if its terrorism they should be charged for terrorism if its arson or murder they should be charged to the crime they committed .
i find that i end up going on 'benders ' of a given hobby for a while and i 've learned to accept that that happens .
it 's also ok to accept that somthings that look interesting turn out not to be .
for me it also helped to get hobbies that have seasons so by the time the 'season ' has passed i 'm ok with putting that one aside and moving on to the next seasons hobbies .
where i live the fall tends to be the better time for it .
longer nights fewer bugs and eventually fewer leaves on the trees blocking stuff .
it 's also ok to throw in the towel if you get into one that you find you do n't like .
i 've had a few where i thought hey this might be cool '' and then find out it was n't so much .
when starting out a hobby that require gear and who does n't love gear try sticking with used quality basic gear .
do n't spend money on bells and whistels that you either are n't ready to use or at a given price point do n't really do anything for you .
for example with amatuer astronomy for 500 you can get a real good basic reflector scope on an easy to use mount .
or you can get a fancier computerized or tracking model .
with the basic gear you get more actual light gathering ability .
with the fancier one you loose some of the basic function to get the features hope that makes sense .
and with buying used you can probably turn around and sell it for what you paid .
10 minute wait time then the rep puts me on hold another 10-20mins to look at my account .
have n't been given the call back option in some time like i did in the past and they do n't give out ticket references of any kind just state that notes are on the account that 's not reassuring if you 've ever dealt with bell
looks like the fate of every old mmo is to make old content super easy for new players to catch up .
every one of us deserves support a shoulder to cry on some extra ice cream etc .
i 'm not sure if this will work but have you tried chaos dwarves ?
there are some in the wilderness and a couple in taverly dungeon right before the blue dragons .
i 'm conflicted on whether to root for the giants or mets tonight
when the statement period closes and they issue you a statement .
the credit card company issues you a statement once a month and you have at least 3 weeks from when they issue the statement to pay it assuming you 're in the us .
i recommend paying a couple days before your due date in case something goes wrong .
you could pay it off the day the statement is issued if you want .
the sound also keeps cutting out for me but that 's probably just an issue on my end .
when i was little and played loz majora 's mask for the first time i completed the puzzle and got the code to the clubhouse in the game .
james franco is surprisingly relevant in all aspects of life .
you can definitely play hr and md without playing deus ex 1 and 2 but damn i love deus ex 1 .
and maybe this will lead you in the right direction http www.devbistro.com/resumes/yl1739b34efbdd
it would be a shame to drill that especially considering it would be your first project and you might mess it up .
i 'd get the diamond hole saw and practice on some bottles .
this comment was the top comment of the day on august 18th 2016 !
i am a bot for r/topcommentoftheday please report suggestions/concerns to the mods .
what do you have to do to beat the gauntlet ?
damn i feel bad for her et the end there .
but school is starting for me tomorrow so i plan to scale back and i might quit in about a month .
i also took a 6 month break if that is what you are thinking off .
might be released to test tomorrow so it can go live in main the 23rd
you 're correct in the fact that we 're just talking at this point .
my brother is a lawyer which is who i spoke briefly with about it .
he would n't be my actual lawyer in this case but basically told me i 'd be a fool to go with that arrangement .
i just want to feel like we 're both doing this in good faith and that we 're both happy with it .
which i do n't really feel like right now .
i do n't know if this is exactly it but it sure seems related .
in education there 's a distinction made between academic language acquisition and that of plain social communication .
it would n't really fit the rest of the armour though .
it 'd be black/silver and then a gold helmet if it was the old dragonslayer set it 'd fit perfectly .
alternatively op could simply wear no helmet like some of the skins and have a big moustache and combed back hair
very new here will they fill up if i wait until morning est ?
it 's more about community involvement than pure numbers .
i 'd suggest reading up on reddiquette and site rules in the bottom nav since your current posting patterns could get you labelled a spammer and banned from reddit itself .
i play zerg and i 'm a new player bronze and i do n't know what to do with the information i get from scouting mostly because i do n't know everything about the buildings from other races but what else ?
i see no gas but what does that mean ?
yeah but grey had a good point about saving save points .
that 's what the talent is supposed to do .
with balanced you see the minimum bloom size without firing because every time you shoulder/ads the accuracy reaches it 's maximum and the reticle closes to reflect that .
i 'd ditch the beanie altogether especially the branded type kind of mallcore vibing other than that really cool fit i feel like the shirt sweater thing might look nicer with the hood thing down
seems like the kind of kid who thought all popular kids in high school were unapproachable too
i 've run into a couple of problems with including headers the way that the lazy foo tutorials demonstrates .
i imagine that it 's possible op ran into similar problems and just threw his/her arms up in frustration and declared the entire tutorial outdated and useless .
i 've said it before and i love pat i love his books and i love his podcast and i love his charity work but i think he may have forgot that his charity does so well because he wrote an awesome book that people love .
there is almost no way he would be able to do even half of what he does now if it were n't for the books .
so pat plz finish your first series so people including me can stop wondering if notw will get got 'd
from what i 've read so far it very well might have been lochte 's ... so yeah ...
also i love your dumb friend description totally get that i 've been there
i found the cringe in his initial statement calling all nerds and thinkers '' and challenging them to prove him wrong and implying it 's impossible .
and continues with a statement you literally ca n't disprove because there is no proof to begin with .
and i do n't know anything about source consciousness '' but from his statement he is basically saying that people that pursue mathematics and logic are wrong and we should be instead looking for answers to why this logic exists .
but then says we ca n't prove anything because there is no logical answer ?
maybe i do n't get the point but to me it 's just a bunch of big fancy words to say we ca n't explain the unexplainable
apparently lots of wine bottle size terms are named for biblical kings and historical figures ?
and another for extreme achievemnts maybe make that one go to mod queue to get approved when selected atleast i think that is possible
my friend is an idiot racist sexist conspiracy theorist buffoon ...
now that i think about it i suppose i feel roughly the same way about my dad .
this reminds me that one time i was forced to say sorry to my brother for eating his ice cream .
now you know why when people scream about the administration they wo n't call it for what it is '' it 's actually very difficult to distinguish right away .
as a continuously learning plat player i know that saying i do n't even feed '' is a cop out .
by saying you do n't feed you place the blame on others and give up trying to work on your own mistakes .
i 'm not being mean i 'm being honest .
your cs is terrible and you go for kills and not objectives .
there 's no reason you should lose a game where you have 30 kills .
always find a way to blame yourself and work on your mistakes .
it was a quick 3 and out with two short runs and a dropped pass their reciever did n't look for .
i 'm convinced he was clearly just avoiding the car in front of him .
even after slamming on his brakes and going into the grass he starts overtaking the car that was in front of him .
plus i know from experience that 3rd gen 4runners are not known for their excellent brakes .
there 's a way to evolve them into a specific type .
edite oops apparently you can only do this once for each type .
this guarantees a new country to win badminton gold medal spain and india !
today also the day that japan joined the badminton gold medalist club .
when i grew up it 's said that there were only 5 powerhouse countries in badminton china indonesia korea malaysia and denmark .
now more countries challenging top spot in world badminton which is great .
you 've wasted a lot of time replying to someone who added nothing .
also ... you could 've just replied with the last paragraph of this and it would 've been fine . ''
so for you to say i added nothing is false .
heroin and pussy are the main driving factors in my decision making process so if you can get them two for one in a package deal i 'd jump on it ... however the hep-c would stop me from hooking up with her .
technically they 're kr players so they were neither of our players ...
i 'm here at my desk watching the game on my mobile .
new job so i ca n't been seen fucking about on reddit .
that all being said it would be nice to see a little fucking offense from the squad .
can you get visibility with a dedicated instance or do you need a dedicated host ?
i 'll be interested to hear if you care to report back .
no matter who wins or loses whether its seth and the club comes in after or the club helps finn win i think you have the club continuously beat down seth just ruin him with chairs it would be good if he could bleed but that wont happen but seth does n't give up he keeps getting back up and shit makes the club look like killers and makes seth look like a resilient babyface .
i owned both midnight blue and brown for over a year and it never dyed the back of my phone either color .
ingress had an alternate map that gave heaps of extra info .
i heard 3rd hand that someone asked a niantic rep about it and they said they did n't care about it .
however this may be different but i doubt you will get banned for looking at it once some time ago .
of course not that 's what makes this video oddly heart wrenching
rule one do n't clean anything until you know what you have .
snag a red book '' from the library or a used book store does n't have to be the newest one that will give you a feel for the mintages lower is worth more and the ones that are rare .
anything before 1916 that 's in better than average condition will being a premium especially anything mintmarked .
i 'm mighty envious of your potential treasure trove !
once it 's cold i 'm eating it cold .
anyone that sees me do that pretty much thinks i 'm a monster but i prefer not to turn my meals into airplane food by heating them in the microwave .
i never said i supported it i 'm just saying that the sex was n't consensual according to the law .
my opinion on these laws which i never even said does n't change the definitions of them .
also in utah where this is taking place your ridiculous situation would n't have even mattered since the age of consent is 16 for women and 18 for men .
jos haluaa kiertää maailmaa ihan vitun pienellä budjetilla ja rämpyttää lanttia anoen ei mulla ole siihen sanottavaa .
mielestäni sitten se että jää elämään tuiden varassa huvikseen on eri asia mutta sitä ei täsmennetty .
this makes sense but would n't they kill you before the meter would even reach 1/3 of the way up ?
i think the wiki speculated it being for the mask which made a lot more sense for me .
whether you think this was ransom or not does n't change the fact that it was a stupid move .
the fact that they did n't probably signals that they did n't trust iran to keep their word .
if that 's the case then would n't that qualify as ransom ?
i 'm looking at this from all the angles and ca n't see how this does n't come off as ransom .
in any case this act may increase the risk of more organizations holding american 's hostage which is the entire reason the u.s. had a non-negotiation policy to begin with .
to be fair it looks like a cool concept .
i 'll be keeping an eye on it for sure .
20 is generous but the cooks do n't get your tip so if you tip a good waiter 15 because the cooks were slow on your food you 're punishing the wrong guy
so my house is vacuumed to the best abilities of a 3yr old .
and hes not suggesting an addition to the game it will be sort of like the replayhud on overwolf used in games like league of legends
i forgot to add that this was probably 14 years ago .
i still get mad but really only because i am powerless to get back at them .
not at some official institution but i enjoy teaching myself .
pride yourself on being somewhat handy you 're good with your hands .
you can sort of draw and put things together/build things
you do n't like to spend a lot of money you 're careful when you shop only buy what you consider essentials
had a bunch of good friends you used to roleplay with pretty regularly with but not so much anymore .
think normal dnd is pretty basic you like the more complex roleplaying games
yes but i still dm every tuesday at my lgs for some adults .
you like the idea of traveling but have n't really had the opportunity to
i was born in boston so yes but i moved to a greek island when i was 1 .
trying to get fit you do body weight exercises in your room but do n't belong to a gym
i do go to the gym though but i 'm not overweight .
i think your attempt was the best so far .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your question has been removed as it looks like you 're needing assistance of some sort which violates askreddit 's rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2
any post with personal pronouns i my mine will not be approved .
otherwise if these do n't fit your needs check out the multireddits in our sidebar http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/about/sidebar which cover almost every topic imaginable thanks !
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=help+related+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+for+being+help+related please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/4yhlkg/does_anyone_else_believe_the_phrase_grow_up_has .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
but it sure is a step in the right direction .
jeez imagine that there are private prisons at the federal level right now .
yes they 're about to close or be repurposed but it 's a scary thought those big time hardened prisoners nb .
i know i know they are n't all dangerous but surely the hardest criminals have been convicted of federal crimes if ya follow serving their time at the mercy of god knows what .
sure it ai n't modern day slavery but probably the closest thing to state sanctioned slavery that the current law supports if you think about it .
never played competitively only once in a tournament where we got knocked out in the semifinal by a national league semi-pro ?
i 'm just speaking out my arse assuming her situation is n't any more complicated than still wearing ring of ex like a hopelessly besotted creep '' as portrayed in the op .
i will circle back to this after i have time to think about my questions .
at least one trump staff member 's email account was infected with malware in 2015
it was unclear whether or not the hackers actually gained access to campaign computers .
to even compare the dp and rp 's security is laughable
me and some friends will be doing a cocktail competition night soon this looks perfect !
this idea is bad it depends of the ppl ... i am a yellow star and i treat each star good also i help noobs ... . so i tell no in my oppinion .
ad hominems are not always fallacious and u/heuheu 's is a textbook example of one that is n't .
there was no argument it was simply a statement of fact and attacking its credibility and potential bias of the source is non-fallacious .
oddly enough after we broke up our weed dealer dated her then he went to jail for beating her .
maybe she 'll get it together though have n't heard from her in years .
hey bex is there any chance the wings will go on sale outside of the boxes ?
all of those venues have died post lockout laws and i doubt the council would take kindly to you setting up on the street .
i like grabbing a nice butt with some hair around the asshole .
it 's not pretty to look at in doggystyle though .
i am not familiar with nh laws in the slightest but the three reasons i could see are
he does n't want to open carry either as to not draw attention to himself or because he was asked not to .
as a statement that he supports the right to open carry this is often seen with a banana in the holster .
i do n't suspect the third option is the likely one given it 's at a restaurant and not some political rally .
lookin at you motorists of south rd darlington extension .
it took me 15 minutes to get from flinders to goddamn goody rd because of this shit .
me is the need to merge 300 metres early for roadworks but if you 're in the wrong lane and are close to your turn on a busy road go right ahead and dart accross several lanes .
i could see this being a very good argument against ghosts but we have to assume a species capable of galactic or universal travel could potentially evade a camera .
a very common ingredient not used much by western europeans is bulgur basically broken wheat .
we prepare it as a side to kebabs called bulgur pilavı and as a main ingredient in many dishes kısır içli köfte bulgur köftesi etc
you 'll look at the data and notice that she 's only realistically played on defense and try to rectify that .
which is why i want to punch people in the face that say the capture rate bug has been fixed .
people feel insignificant and want to know that larger forces are acting on them .
dafür dass du noch azubi bist und es website-klitschen wie sand am meer gibt glaube ich nicht dass man mit ein bisschen php was heute eher als veraltet betrachtet wird so ein mega geschäft machen kann .
wenn du wirklich so erfolgreich bist gönn ich dir das natürlich
i have many visa from different country 's so i am aware of that !
i have online courses that i will be taking during my stay so i will be be busy with school like my girlfriend .
out though i can try to find a similar program in japan .
i have n't done very much research but i thought i would spend around 2500-3000 dollars for housing and the rest for food and travel .
avoiding high tourist attraction since its way expensive and cooking at home .
that was the same for me for the one that hit back in ... 2011 ?
coming down from charters towers through mingela felt and heard nothing .
never played overwatch because i do n't buy multiplayer only games .
no i was asking because i want to help ppl too .
i went through my fair share of depression and suicidal thoughts and i 'm hoping my experience could help me to help others .
i wish they gave us jury segments/feeds instead of jeff
a big if '' he turbs out as good as paul scholes he wo n't win it .
just ask paul scholes probably one of the most under-appreciated
and it 's with good reason he did n't win it .
scholes and ballon d'or do n't belong in the same sentence
nah we all are addicted to experiencing mind altering effects .
if something is hidden and people mostly hide their weakspots ... .
it 's been a consistent part of the show since the olympics started and has been consistently praised for being entertaining .
those those who consistently like every episode no matter what have consistently liked it i suppose .
if you do n't like it that 's fine .
and shows on networks are n't obligated to promote other shows
you did n't think david letterman was that keen to have survivor evictees and criminal minds and big bang theory guests on every second week did you ?
you think jimmy kimmel just happens to book every disney actor and every marvel actor and every espn jock week after week ?
regardless of the fact that the show was promoted sometimes before the moz trevor making jokes poking fun at the show
for 9 years straight tds would cross-promote the show it was leading in for .
tns seemed to be early on many topics and tds was usually late so maybe there was a rivalry the broke the cooperation that used to exist .
it was a weird mangling that served no purpose and might have been prophetic .
true on this occasion it 's just a rundown of what happened .
i have however previously posted constructive ideas several dozen times so you could go back to older material if you want that .
i 've found that with or without that aspect i still get the identical amount of brigading and pm 's calling me the c word .
i 've always wondered how high this counter would be for others but 22 is really high considering i have about half the karma u/donald_keyman has
some people report having the opposite effects their elite tools were working as advertised previous to this patch but this patch broke them so they 're the same speed as normal tools .
i 'm no expert but that does n't look like a park .
in fact he 's been very against the idea .
you got a source for me to have a look at ?
which of your organs were damaged after you tumbled down those stairs ?
just taking out the neighborhood trash in a particularly dangerous part of town .
he 's never going to get away from being a human weapon so he 'll kill when necessary but will usually aim to incapacitate whenever it 's an option .
you 're the teacher everyone has only once a week and the guy on the bottom right is the one you have every day
cs go still wo n't look great at 5k bitrate 1080p/60fps though .
i ca n't allow you to do that dave .
you know what i can advise if you will contact them and will explain the situation they might reopen your account .
as i know from examples if you apologize explain situation and will promise not to use other payments except upwork the chance is very high they will do it .
you can do it if upwork you brought good clients
i also do n't like the fact they charge so much now 20 but still that 's my favorite site as i do n't have to search clients they find me and my profile there
paul was running around saying fts and talking shit before no names came together .
if you need to talk you can pm me if you like and i 'll listen and perhaps give you advice if you need it .
that 's because the anime does n't have pokemon levels like the anime .
you do n't see pokemon limited by 4 moves either or need tms or hms to learn moves .
they do n't evolve based on levels either but on the experiences and resolution they have .
starters should be weaker just because they have leas experience fighting but they were wild at some point so can still know how yo fight and do a lot more moves than tackle and growl you see starters in the game use .
i 've been watching all the games i want live on my mobile and sometimes screen cast to the tv via the crown bet app for free .
it is the eye of horus and it means protection but not for her .
it is symbol of her protecting people as her sworn duty .
honor and courage are still in there but what pharah stands for is justice duty and protecting the innocent ... she is basically superman .
it is their power base of course they wo n't kill the indiscriminately .
plus ultramar is this perfect mainly because the writings of matt ward the ultramarines spiritual liege .
the man responsible for them being the best legion evar '' .
he was not very good at writing warhammer 40k codex books .
any group that will base all their actions on an apocryphal book rather than think by them self are called zealots yes in this case it is a war manual and not a holy book but i do n't think they know the difference .
i guess i hate them rather extra because all the bad fluff they got in more recent times by their spiritual liege .
you do know that the reason why they are most popular is that because of matt wards bad writing they were mechanically the most powerful army in warhammer 40k ?
and that most people who play warhammer 40k and buy the book and so on actually hate them with an unholy passion ?
yeah there are a lot of kiddies that liked them when they were the most powerful army ... but guess what most of them stopped playing when most of matt wards damage was undone and the ultramarines were nerfed a bit .
those people also like the gray knights a chapter that ones killed a monastery worth of nuns to use their blood as paint .
the chapter that is so special and unique that they kill anyone who sees them just to keep their existence secret ... .from the people who they should fight together with .
frankly the only faction in warhammer 40k that is n't made by pure evil is the farsight enclaves .
so go on and draw her as a tau .
someone actually already has drawn a tau pharah ... .several years ago
also original raptors look like her classic skin while more recent raptors look like her security chief skin they went with olive green for their new color .
just a few years back i was an extrovert .
then a couple years after leaving high school and studying in university i slowly became an introvert .
i 'm happy with my life nothing inherently wrong or depressing about being introverted .
i do n't have an opinion on extroverts it would n't make sense to have one .
i think the cost is balanced well enough since it only counts for played minions not all of the ones you summon and yes evolving a sea giant or any other 10 cost minion would get you a swamp giant
then i recommend keeping it to yourself rather than falsely stating this add-on is counter to the devs desires .
roasted my friend as a farewell gift for his help .
they 've annexed one part of a neighbouring country and are invading two other parts .
they 've ventured well past their doorstep and into the neighbour 's hall .
there 's every reason to suspect they 'll do the same vis a vis ethnic russian areas of the baltic states if they foresee that no one will be willing or obligated to stop them .
cause i can think of a few political figures who require a good cocksassinations .
enforcing the spine of the team has meant there is some great competition for places .
years ago a buddy lost a bet and owed me a 12 pack of beer .
he took the 12 bottles put them in a box and filled it with expanding foam .
why are you putting all the figures for the money he stole in england in us dollars ?
by that logic the uk should just be wiped off this map completely lol
just in case you are unfamiliar with the reference alan turing said that argueing over whether or not machines are capable of thought was about as ridiculous as argueing about whether or not a submarine can swim .
if the submarine can accomplish that which we accomplish by swimming it does n't have much bearing on anything whether or not we classify it as swimming or as something else .
the same can be said for computers if they reach a point where a computer can accomplish the same things as a human would by thought the argument over whether machines can think '' or are sentient '' descends into the ridiculous .
unfortunately were i live at the moment has a fairly low percent of younger people .
most of the younger women who live here have greatly inflated egos when really they 're just flat out average .
realistically its hard to say a number as people we would never date are somewhat invisible to most people .
you may remember the 10 datable women you meet but not the hundreds who are too old ugly whatever .
similar situation we use home instead their salisbury branch .
if you want to know where we really are you need to go back to the 17th century with thise where the europeans nearly deforested the whole continent because of war .
big head on that girl will be really fat come late fall nice fish !
i would like to see how you actually get into the bomb shelter through the home .
a bit late but ... thoughts on this protein bread €2 per loaf 500g 42g per slice .
i was allowed pernod on special occasions as a small child as i liked and still do anything tasting of aniseed .
i 'd also have a glass of bucks fizz at christmas from the age of seven or so .
my parents and two of my uncles are alcoholics .
the more which automated the less betas will be needed .
your opinion based on opinion´s of many pro´s i´ve heard is not totally correct .
yes both kalista and azir are broken in their kits and are always on the edge of either being uttershit or super good in their current state .
however there is always an equilibrium that can be found for example lucian´s simple q range nerf that solved many problems .
the problem here is riot not putting enough people to solve this problem .
thank you sorry for getting worked up i just see this a lot 😅 this is far better 👍
were they developed to be able to withstand mic drops ?
i feel like porkins should be part of his name but i do n't have anything good past that .
'if russia was the aggressor then we would be bound by nato to come to the defence of our fellow nato members and that 's what i would do . '
i have a bunch of settlement furniture mods so until release and lath updating his mod i wo n't be able to find it xd
edit to clarify yes this may be the only fact i 've got '' but that means that i have one fact more than you do .
as someone who is paid large sums of money to basically wrap and tape cable this does n't save much time .
this is run along a wall where a couple of tacks and the cable pulled taught would have done the job and saved a ton of tape stuff is expensive .
it 's no star citizen but it was never trying to be that game .
it was trying to be a dumbed down space adventure game where you can land on planets and name stuff .
which is exactly what it turned out to be .
i tried to track everything accuratly but quickly discovered its waaaay to much hassle for me .
since my long term fitness goal is to better myself a little bit every year and not get as big as possible as quickly as possible i figured that perfect diet is n't as important .
i 'm 34 years old and right at that age where people start to go downhill '' gain weight etc .
i want to fight this and be the guy that moves in the other direction as i age
seeing all the shady business with oculus and aggressive nature with exclusives for oculus makes me wonder if they will try that with just regular games to entice developers to publish on their platform .
also not to mention the dodgy things going on their website getting their politics involved in their platform buuuuut shhhhhhh i never said anything
if i remember correctly it was mentioned in the manga .
oh i understand i did n't feel like i needed to defend myself .
the realization that it would 've never been photographed just was n't at the forefront of my mind .
i wonder if coaxed by some comment if she 'd act as if that 's a real photo taken of it despite the time making no sense .
it would n't be too far of a jump from this .
the horrible thing is this is why rape victims get targeted repeatedly .
doesnt matter how severe any original offense is ... the victim isnt safe .
whether they were never attacked or just slightly harrassed or viciously ... repeat events get ignored as minority reports .
got ta be that guy '' and point out that her name is jing wei .
yeah there are side story volumes 6.5 7.5 and 10.5 .
episode 13 from season 1 was based on one of them .
its to slow and has to share all data over the same channel usb and lan so speeds are sloow .
better of buying a nas or make a server yourself using a old computer with lotsa disks more power and flexibility .
if you install plex on it you can watch it with any device .
this case requires a lot of planning ahead from darlene and a lot of cruelty .
i think it 's more likely that the opportunity presented itself first when elliot suggests they take on evil corp .
while as a good sister her role ought to be to get his head straight she decided to roll with it .
honestly 'if ' the suns get their shit together they got a lot of talent on their list he 's probably got a better chance at a cup there than at freo .
then again the suns getting their shit together is nothing more than a theory at this point .
like when you say 'in theory ' communism works .
or 'in theory ' people give a shit about the olympics .
when in reality that seems a bit of a stretch .
endless is nice and all but make no mistake frank is about to drop an all time classic monster of an album .
i will test this in a few hours thank you so much for this .
i think in a few years you 'll look back at this and feel a tinge of shame .
it isnt the responsibility of others to engage in conversations you want to have .
if what you talk about bores them find someone else to talk about it with .
r/doesanybodyelse is close there 's some strange stuff but mostly mundane things
is there some ... good reason for children to beat a dog to death and laugh it off ?
i get the little girl with horns being tortured and being an inhuman thingymajigger but ... seriously ?
good writing in fucked up shows comes from regular humans dealing with fucked up humans/fucked up things monsters or whatever and not from everyone out-crazying each other .
especially since from what i get here these are regular children ?
ever saw a child kill a puppy because it wants to see another child cry ?
and the girl that came in was like oh im sorry shouldntve told em whoopsie ''
i never watched elfen lied but that 's just ... not good writing to me .
unless those 3 boys were seriously fucked up or in a mental clinic or some bs .
now that i could believe but ... children do n't just go and do shit like that .
i do n't speak american besides that one city in tuscany what 's pisa '' ?
oh my god the scope turns red towards the last rounds in the magazine ... my entire life just changed !
first time try get rekt'ed hard divine shield murloc pal scumbag all he had to say was by the holy light ! ''
when he saw four arcane giants come out of nowhere .
i finished the game the first time at about 60-70h and the second time at around 85 with a little more exploration than the first time .
i did a reasonable number of side quests and witcher contracts both times but obviously nowhere near 100 .
i had to read it 4 times before i got it .
my first digital camera ever was a canon a95 i think .
you just made me realize that i posted this story from the wrong account and that you ca n't see my posting history from here .
three weeks ago i made a post about my mental health during my teen years and you can find that on my other account https www.reddit.com/user/thevalidationwhore if you want to read it .
i did n't mention this in the story but my mom saw fresh scars on me on at least two occassions during this time and she chose to ignore it both times .
also you just opened pandora 's box of my memories i hope you realize that .
i understand that you feel sorry for my mother because she 's a victim but at the same time she 's also an abuser .
she verbally abuses my father on a regular basis once telling him it 's no wonder you get bullied at work '' when he tried to help her with netflix .
mind you my father had to take time off from work due to depression and eventually quit because his boss was bullying him .
my father is not the kind of person who stands up for himself but rather the kind that suffers in silence because he 's been treated like this his whole life .
when she 's not screaming scaring people or threatening to kill our dogs my mother often accuses me or my father of having various mental disabilities .
for example if they go geocaching together and my father finds the cache first she will mockingly not jokingly !
call him an 'aspie ' because she thinks he 's too observant .
one of my strongest memories of my mother 's shitty attitude was one evening when i was crying about something silly in school and i walked into the living room to talk to my mother about it .
she looked at me with a face that was a mix between a snarl and a mocking grin and said what are you weeping about ? ''
i want to be clear on the fact that she was 100 taunting me about the fact that i was crying and not simply asking what was wrong as i understand it 's not always easy to translate memories into words .
this of course upset me and i screamed why are you so mean to me ? ! ''
that made her laugh and say you must have adhd or something '' at which point i defeatedly retreated back into my room and cried alone both about what i 'd been previously upset about and the way she treated me .
a few days later she brought this incident up at a family gathering and laughed saying that i accused her of having adhd .
it was strange because she seemed to believe it herself too and she was completely caught off guard when i said nope that 's not what happened that was you ! ''
i spent last christmas with my so 's family and bf and i made plans to go visit my parents for new year 's eve before heading back to our own home town .
i called my father on christmas to wish him a merry christmas and he was delighted to hear from me and his voice went up several notches when i said who i was !
we talked i told him to say hi to mom and my brother from me because i had no intention of calling her .
but once i hung up i started to feel guilty .
after all she is my mother does n't she deserve a call too ?
so i went against my instincts and i called her .
unlike my father she did n't seem happy at all to hear from me .
in fact her tone did not change at all when she realized that it was me and in fact she seemed rather bored .
after some chit-chat she asked me when we were coming and i told her .
her response was oh good i was worried you 'd come after new year 's eve and we need a dogsitter then .
your dad and i are going out to celebrate with aunt family .
so basically i was n't invited to the celebrations even though i was travelling across the country just to be there with them and do exactly that ... that was a really nice christmas evening spent crying .
after staying there for 4 weeks my mother came storming down the stairs one afternoon when i was watching tv with my so and father in the living room .
you can tell she 's furious because she stomps like an elephant when she is and i knew i was in for a screaming and i was scared shitless even before she entered the room because i felt like an 11 year old again .
mom were you or were you not in the fucking closet ? ''
mom then why did n't you fucking say so ? !
you know i fucking cleaned in there earlier right ?
put your fucking shit back where it belongs ! ''
basically i 'd moved one chair that was in front of the door because otherwise it was impossible to enter the closet and i did n't put it back when i left .
this was the first time i 'd ever seen her scream in front of my boyfriend and i was glad that he got to witness her true self for once .
mom you two should get the fuck out of my house already ! ''
i turn to stare at my dad and he says well you should have told her immedeately . ''
in a sense it was my fault i guess because i did n't put the chair back and then i was too scared to tell her that .
but yeah whatever after that i cried for a while and then i dragged my boyfriend upstairs and cried in his arms while he stroked my back like a normal non-abusive person .
this was 6 months ago and i was supposed to visit for summer but i did n't and i do n't intend to come for christmas or new year 's either ...
that is how csgo does it it takes the highest mmr of the group .
mind you that this only works for a full 5-man queue party otherwise they will not allow huge varying mmr to be queued together .
if you have friends with much lower mmr than you you either be grouped in full or you ca n't play together at all .
now the leniency or gap between who they are allowing or not is quite huge as well .
take this http static1.eclypsia.com/public/upload/cke/english 20content 20photos/games/counter 20strike 20 20go/guides 20/competitive 20rank/ranking 201.jpg image for example at it represents the tiers .
afaik silvers can queue up with up to master guardians novas can queue up with up to legendary eagles .
in terms of skill master guardians up to maybe distinguished master guardians are ow sr54-59 according to this thread https www.reddit.com/r/overwatch/comments/4ri7m6/ranking_levels_compared_to_other_games but i 'm not sure how accurate can this be
the reflections on the cockpit window are so strong i can barely see outside .
i literally can not navigate though the debris because i ca n't see it .
is anyone else having this issue and is it possible to fix it ?
this is n't a taste thing this has to be a bug .
i really can not see beyond the window except in places where the reflection has gaps .
for example that huge low res rock right in front of me ?
as in the relfection is magically going through the ship i 'm sitting in .
my wife and i are having to travel last minute due to a family emergency her father had a massive heart attack .
anyone have tips or advice on ways to ease the stress of last minute expensive travel since we have to fly from sacramento to boston ?
am i the only one who thinks that they are no longer the best region at least not by a clear cut
we 've been together three years we always had each other 's backs and we both loved each other so much .
she texted me telling me she could n't stop crying and that she did n't think she wanted to be with me anymore .
a lot of love for each other but we both had mental health issues and i am pretty immature sometimes and we kept hurting each other .
we 've gone on two breaks in the past one was pretty recent .
long story short we broke up and i just kept looking through all the cheesy letters we wrote to each other and thinking about how we were .
she wrote me a tiny note that told me we would never break up .
we want to get older and more mature and work on ourselves rather than hurting each other and then one day be back together .
everything just hurts so much and i do n't know how to handle anything right now .
i 'm in bed talking to her about being best friends and trying to find the motivation to get up and do things like exercise and eat and shit but it 's really not there right now .
i 'm dreading making it 'facebook official ' or getting rid of my millions of photos of her guess having a photographer for a sister ending up hurting .
i 'm sorry for all the text and the probably disjointed paragraphs i just needed to vent and get this all off my chest p
b/o 57 trade here https steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new ? partner=299478247 token=167ykxll im also open to any good offers
they told him it 's okay to negate everyone .
the one who oversees municipalities joked about hunger for like 3 seconds .
does this mean he will exchange planets for remorse of a dozen .
title can be little bit missleading but i need to know plants that have similar effects gives energy etc .
and you can eat/drink them and they are n't illegal .
so i 've had my axle failing after 185 km near the end of the first
day of what should have become a 4-day trip .
the bike is equipped with focus rat thru-axles so i could n't just
visit a bike store in next town to buy a replacement .
so i went by train to a larger city where after a bit of talking
and a number of phone calls to other shops the mechanics
of a focus dealer were willing to remove the front axle of
the only rat-equipped bike they had in store and sell it to
that was luck i was able to continue the tour and
to come to the point is this expected for a thru axle to
before but that was after 5 years or more of daily use .
was just a faulty part but the fracture is located at the
thinnest point of the axle so possibly that 's some sort
also since even the guys in a focus shop were puzzled
about these axles and told me this was a highly special
part that they did n't intend to keep in stock should i
buy a stack of say 5 rear and front axles from focus and
always keep a pair in my saddle bag next to the replacement
selling my lem account that i 've been playing on for a bit looking for steam wallet codes or 15 paypal .
contact me on skype if you 're interested thanks .
i see this one https www.amazon.com/sentey-headphones-ls-4570-v4-0-smartphones/dp/b01d1uay9m/ref=sr_1_1 ? s=aht ie=utf8 qid=1471687105 sr=1-1 keywords=wireless+headphones refinements=p_n_feature_two_browse-bin 3a509316 on amazon but it says for gaming .
anything around that price range hell maybe even cheaper that 's bluetooth compatible and just works well enough to exercise in ?
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
also feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score so people can compare .
i tried warframe before but now i kinda want to get more into it .
i searched online for a tier list on warframes/weapons but i just found outdated stuff .
so my question is basically if there are any good tierlists out there probably with statements on how easy to get them but i could use the wiki for that i guess ?
amp im jurina luna 17 years old ihave recieved an death threat from the ex of my boy friend she is 26 years old she said that she kill me .and im neaner to death .and im so scared of that i dont know who can i tell this problem please help me what can i do .
found this on the front page and it kicked up some gw1 nostalgia .
makes me wonder how the fashions of the echovald forest have evolved in the last 250 years .
i would sincerely love some of that kristen perry gw1 style back .
hello i 'm farmer icefox and we are looking for new potential members to join our ranks community !
the farmers started out as a very small group 2 months into release of h1z1 .
we have grown up in size and also dwindled in size hence why i am here you may be asking why would the farmers slightly dwindle well to be frank folks it 's not only our clan it 's all clans the h1z1 community has grown smaller since release it 's no surprise due to hackers glitchers .
but that has never stopped us ever and never will .
we farmers have always overcome the hacks overcome challenges that a clan and or whole server puts us through wipe by wipe we are battle hardened .
we do not give up on a server just because it gets hard that 's why we are still around .
so if your looking for a more concrete community come join us .
must be 18yrs or older must have working microphone .
and a open mind on things meaning being short tempered will not get you far in this community we are always looking for cool headed people .
most of the farmers have 1k-4k hours played on h1z1 .
we are somewhat looking for the same minimum of 500 hrs played .
here are some things we do in game youtube links just things we do enjoy !
video 3 http plays.tv/video/57b503c4bf14128ea2/dont-let-sorry-drive-with-loot-in-the-car ? page=3 video 4 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=nniiwrtnw4k hope you enjoyed !
we also play multiple platforms aswell like dota lol vanilla world of warcraft kronos2 overwatch cs go and gearing towards and bf1
is there a way to narrow down shoulders and upper back ?
they were n't naturally wide it happened with exercise .
i stopped training them and waited for them to get narrower but it did n't happen .
... and although a longtime lurker i have step out of the shadows and share my impressions on this great arpg .
english is not my mother tongue and among my acquired languages it is the one i feel least comfortable using sorry for any mistakes and unnatural usages .
ys viii is definitely the most ambitious piece in the series graphics storytelling character design new game mechanics and game length are all on a whole other level and imo a step-up in the right direction .
in the graphics department ys viii takes the good out of memories of celceta and makes it even better the textures are diverse the character models more detailed animation fluid and the environments ... god the environments !
they are full of details both on micro-level trees grass rivers lakes rocks and macro-level the other sections of the island drawing in the distance .
the movable camera did distract me from the beginning but i was able to get accustomed to it really fast .
what more being able to freely look around and zoom in to beautiful sceneries close and far-away makes the gaming experience even so much more unforgettable .
ys viii takes place on one island and the environments are organically fused together meaning the player can see hills giant trees and other landmarks in the distance from one place and later in the game can actually travel to them .
the higher the position of the player is the more can be seen .
i do not want to spoil the experience so i just say breath-taking locations are to be seen and my breath was taken several times .
the map-uncovering system from celceta is back with a tint of metroidvania-styled mechanic – some parts of the island are inaccessible due to obstructions that can be either moved away by the help of npcs or be crossed by using an item .
ys viii may be therefore considered to some degree as an open-world game divided into several smaller sub-sections .
the story is not exactly award-winning but a it does makes sense in its own right and b so does the subplots .
i must admit that i have never really liked the sub-quests and sub-plots from the former entries ys viii however introduces both of them in a clever way and most of them are actually related to the life on a dangerous uninhabited island '' setting .
the game is long i mean really long the at least 40 hours of gameplay '' statement was not for a show took me something over 53 hours to get through the true ending and there was still some minor stuff to be done but due to excellent combat superb music narration style unexpected plot turns and enjoyable characters it feels more like an adventure one does not want to end rather than an artificially prolonged game that is a chore to play .
playable characters and some of the npcs are not only memorable but also really likable .
they do not stray away too much out of the ys character archetypes defined by ys seven the tsundere princess '' with piercing attacks the-not-so-bright-but-loyal strong guy with bludgeoning attacks or even general anime stereotypes but their introduction to the story backstories motives personal quirks and banter between each other make them so much more than that .
i was honestly quite surprised by this because after seeing the character designs and game coverages on the internet my expectations were n't particularly high .
i am surprised even more by the fact that i actually remember the names of the characters everyone else from the previous games except for duren and dogi i am truly sorry .
i do not wish to ruin the experience regarding dana and her story so i just say that it is really interesting and gives the game story and the environments depth i have never seen in a ys game .
the combat and controls are perfect as expected from a ys game .
the difficulty is a little bit on the easier side in the beginning the latter parts are more challenging but due to the abundant amount of healing items still quite easy especially when compared to earlier entries such as oath in felghana .
although the enemies put off a strong primeval '' vibe to the extent i was feeling the makers took a little too much inspiration out of monster hunter they are still diverse by size colour shape vulnerability to attack-types plus vulnerable spots and attack patterns .
especially the bosses are a delight to fight with no spoilers the battles with a certain recurring boss '' are my favourite and imo the best in the series .
the sole problem i have with the game – performance .
now do n't get me wrong the game is perfectly playable and enjoyable .
and i do not mean borderlands 2 or re r2 playable '' i mean really playable .
the frame rate in closed environments dungeons buildings caves is smooth 30 fps solid as a rock .
opened environments environments with effects such as water surfaces fog shadows – not so good .
i have a feeling that the fps is capped so no chopping or lagging but it definitely is not 30 fps .
because the fps is constant the action and tight controls are still there but they are not ideal .
the situation is quite similar with the resolution native resolution or very close to native resolution i do not have the means to measure it in smaller sections and closed spaces lower resolution and noticeable pixelation in larger areas and locals filled with effects .
all things considered ys viii is an exploring heavy and action driven rpg that made me feel like i am reliving an adventure story set on an uninhabited island .
hands down the best ys and definitely the best action rpg on the vita .
whether for vita the advantage of portability or ps4 although not out yet but will indisputably bring boost in fields of graphical fidelity and performance this is the must buy .
lurker out and back into his shadow back to play dragon quest heroes ii .
right after i was born my mom dipped out to do drugs and run away from her responsibilities leaving my father to care for my sister who was born a year before myself and i .
shortly after i was born my mother got pregnant again from another man and ends up having a girl and giving her up for adoption .
after giving the sister i still have n't met and might not ever meet up for adoption my mother decides to fight my father for custody of my sister and i .
retain a big name attorney and she would threaten my dad knowing that he smoked pot and brought that into court .
the bright side of this was instead of just waiting to court to bust this out on him
she instead just threatens him over and over again so he gets clean and passes the drug test and then requests her to take one .
she does n't show up to the next court date and my dad retains custody of my sister and i .
from here i begin to go see my mother every other weekend and she ended up marrying this great guy who treated me like his own and then when i was about 7 my mother began getting angry again .
when i would come to visit she would tell me she hated me and that i reminded her of my father .
when we went over there i slept on the couch while my sister had her own room .
me to the point where i would stay at the neighbors house when i went there up until i was 9 and she went off the deep end .
turns out she got back into meth and also got my little buddies mom into it as well and ruined their family .
growing up living with my dad was pretty tough .
he worked multiple jobs to support us his girlfriend constantly said how much she hated us and i had to share a room with my older sister until i was in 4th grade .
the bad part about my father was that if he was mad at one thing he was mad at everything .
i would get the belt i had to stand in a corner for hour and hours .
one time i remember i had to use the restroom and i asked my dad
but i wasnt allowed to leave the corner or i would get the belt .
and the teachers gave you those books in zip lock bags to practice reading with and then come back to school .
they '' to me it was the why '' because i could not comprehend that letter at the time .
this lead my dad to getting frustrated and pulling out a knife
and threatening to cut my toe off if i did n't get it right this time .
so i just said exactly what he wanted me to say whether i quite understood it or not .
there were times he would hit me and tell me if any of my teachers asked where the bruise or fat lip came from to say i was rough housing and hurt myself and that he loved me .
eventually my dad got a job at the docks unloading cargo containers where a coworker stabbed him five times and threw the knife into river .
at the time i did n't know how serious this was .
everyone was telling me they were taking me to go see my dad when he was finally conscious and they were all worried .
as i got older i find out my dad should have died but the doctors and paramedics were able to keep him alive .
eventually the fighting between my dads gf and him got worse and worse to the point she would swing fire pokers at him and one time even came at him with a knife my guess is trying to scare him
both of these incidents occurred right in front of my sister and i .
after awhile i turn 9 and my dad and his gf break up and we move .
now my mom has gone awol on meth again and my dad was sleeping on a couch
in order to give my sister and i our own room .
she shows up at one of my baseball games and makes a huge fuss about that 's my boy '' to whomever would listen and kept trying
to get me to pose for pictures during the game .
i had n't seen her in 2 years and then she shows up and says she wont ever miss another game .
and that was the last i saw her until my sister graduated highschool in 2007 and she shows up at my dads house asking where my sister was .
i was picked on for not having the coolest shoes and i was different .
i coul n't concentrate for long periods of time i was always fidgeting and forgetful i asked questions
like why to my teachers so i could understand how things worked better and they would just get mad thinking i was screwing around .
i would have horrible times trying to explain how i was feeling to people and would always be told to calm
i did whatever extra curricular activities i could do to get out of the house .
i did football basketball baseball then dram choir baseball and then choir plays baseball and swimming for junior and senior year .
for not being able to afford fancy clothes sports equipment for vacation .
during the summer before my junior year of baseball for the schools legion team i tore my acl and mensicus on a person sliding into home who took me out .
i walked home after the game using my bat as a crutch .
luckily it was n't far but i could barely move so it took me a huge amount of time .
my dads start screaming at me for dicking around and hurting myself and tells me to go to my room .
that was one of the worst nights of my life .
was not taken to a hospital and it was n't until later that i found out we had no insurance .
i could barely have any motion for a few days that did not
send me into pain sweats.i could n't sleep i could n't move i was thirsty every motion sent a twinge of pain to my leg .
eventually the swelling went down and pain subsided after awhile and i try and walk around and do things again .
i walked but eventually got it down and returned to sports after a few months without any surgery only reason i know what was wrong with it now is i finally had surgery on it
from here i ended up tearing my right acl and mcl in a teacher vs student basketball game .
again no insurance so it gets treated the same way .
get a job working at a bail bonds company and after a year i end up going to a community college through saved money
and a scholarship from the school based on letters of recommendations and other accomplishments .
at this time i 'm working full time graveyard 40 hours a week
living with my dad still my sister dipped out when she was 18 and refused to talk to us until she had her kid a few years ago and as of a few months ago she had another kid with drug dealer who was 55 while she was 25 .
to put that in perspective a bit my father was 48 at the time she gave birth .
working full time and going to school full time was tough since i didnt have a car .
the car my dad drove barely ran and one year was stolen three different times .
come to find that my dad did n't have a license and should n't have been driving either ... ..
so walking 2 miles to work and then 2 miles back from work on two torn acls was miserable .
i would get off work at 8 go home and sleep for a few hours and my gf would come wake me
i loved this girl with all of my heart and then i find out she is cheating on me with someone at college .
ironically enough i end up making friends with the guy who felt like shit .
and then one day my dad got in one of his moods comes into my room and starts screaming at me calling me a piece of shit
we argued and he told me to get the fuck out of his apartment so i packed a bag and left and just started walking .
finally get the nerve to ask my buddy shae if i can crash on his couch at his apartment .
so hear i am 19 now walking 3.5 miles to work there and 3.5 miles back and walking to school as well .
for those who say why did n't i get a car
i was never taught to drive since my father did n't have a license and i was working graveyard for minimum wage .
after i completed that year i could not afford to go back to school .
i was now paying rent and living on a couch .
i had been busting my ass at work and got a raise of a dollar each year i had been there and to get it i worked over 3 24hour shifts .
after a year my roommates want to move again so i move in with a new roommate someone my sister used to date in high school .
he moves out of his gmas house and we get an apartment together .
eventually i forgive ex gf and she says sorry and my dumbass self believed her .
we got back together and things were good for about a year .
she and a coworker helped me qualify for assistance to get surgery for my knee
after physical therapy i thought things were going fine and then boom .
she is cheating on me with three different guys this time .
well fuck fool me once right ? ? ? ?
no one to blame for that one but myself .
and i get a surgery one my left knee to get it repaired and then just this last march at work i tore my right meniscus literally walking to the phone .
my ex has a bf now who lives with her and she still tells me she loves me .
my dad doesnt talk to me and i feel all alone .
i 'm sorry for this rant i just do n't know where else to put it .
i have contemplated suicide several times but hate the idea of people remembering me that way .
i joke around and make people laugh so as not to ruin their time .
people who i do talk to i ca n't really tell i 'm depressed because their opinions of depression is that the person should toughen up because things could always be worse .
and then it makes me feel horrible because i know there are others who have it worse than i .
so hear i am i finally started school up again last fall this time for a degree
in computer science working full time living on my own with no care and a torn meniscus walking to work 40 hours a week and school .
i 've recently started seeing a counselor and all it does it make me feel worse .
death since it is the ultimate ending for everyone .
everyone says things get better but i have been busting my ass for years with nothing to show for it .
i do n't think anyone will make it through this whole thing but i had to get it off my chest .
surgery working full time hobbling to get from place to place and i feel like i 'm in a never ending circle and just want out .
i 'm typing this as i 'm crying and hope i do n't wake my roomate up .
i do n't know what i 'm asking or even why i am writing this .
i just know i feel alone and i do n't want to be around anymore .
i 'm 24 and can barely walk at this point .
in case if you guys are wondering i am that op who posted the sidegrading '' from n5x to oukitel k10000 .
i decided not to get that phone since the 10000mah battery seems really sketchy .
i 've had hands on with the rn3 today and planning to get it tomorrow .
anyone did that and felt a noticable upgrade especially those who do n't really use the camera on the phone ?
the only downgrade '' i can see is low light camera quality and no 4k video recording .
as for hardware i would use ir blaster more than nfc .
snapdragon 650 seems to be better than 808 in every way and i will be getting the 3gb model .
huge upgrade in battery and slightly bigger display with offscreen buttons .
camera seems to be an upgrade for me as i treasure speedy camera much more than low light capability .
and i still prefer micro usb over usb c today .
for software rn3 seems to have a lot of different types of roms .
unlike the n5x which only has aosp based roms which i got really sick of .
i am excited to experience miui too and miui 8 soon ...
it 's been a really rotten couple of days and for a while got darker than it has been in a long time .
i just grabbed all the pill bottles i had laying around and flushed all of the pills .
i 'm just bored would love to have a good conversation that will last longer than 5 minutes lol
lolibaba enjoying the daily life of a mercenary from the age of six
chapter 18 little girl works as a convoy https starrydawntranslations.wordpress.com/lolibaba18
in the last battle between the rowen kingdom and the doubah alliance the mad queen of the mercenary nation of morian belladonna has perished .
the battle between the two powerhouses had thrown the world into chaos countries crumbled down people starved and rebellions started to occur .
bandits started to become commonly seen and demonic beasts could freely ravage villagers to their desire with the declined military power .
that was when mercenaries started to become an important existence to the world .
our story begins at the little town of yark .
a young little girl brought dozens of heads of wanted criminals to the mercenary association causing uproar .
her name was bela heiroh a six years old little girl destined to fight in countless battles .
earning money from bounty and wars and buying slaves with it she started building her mercenary group anew .
as her name spread through the world she dyed everywhere she passed through with blood .
i am thinking of going dawless and going with a mpc 1000 to replace ableton .
from your experience how do you find the finite memory of the unit ?
as well the note capacity is 100000 is that across the 20 songs you can store ?
i would be using this to sequence several synths and such so i assume the sample memory wont too much of an issue me .
this is an automatic summary original http www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/08/04/fbi-agent-apparently-egged-on-texas-terrorist.html reduced by 81 .
039 tear up texas 039 the fbi agent told the isis terrorist just before he shot up a crowded hall .
days before an isis sympathizer attacked a cartoon contest in garland texas he received a text from an undercover fbi agent .
quot it would certainly be inappropriate for an fbi undercover agent or cooperating witness to provoke or inspire or urge a person to commit an act of violence quot michael german a former fbi agent now at the brennan center for justice told the daily beast .
he was charged with conspiring to provide material support to isis .
the 35-year-old tried to recruit other americans to form an isis cell on secret compounds and introduced an undercover agent to one of the draw muhammad attackers according to the fbi .
though hendricks was charged on thursday the allegations against him focus on march 1 2015 to may 31 2015 just before mccollum 039 s arrest .
despite his paranoia of government surveillance hendricks ended up interacting with a number of fbi informants and staff through their investigation of mccollum .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/08/04/fbi-agent-apparently-egged-on-texas-terrorist.html faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 78802 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords hendricks 1 undercover 2 agent 3 fbi 4 affidavit 5
post found in r/news http np.reddit.com/r/news/comments/4ymwo8/fbi_agent_apparently_egged_on_draw_muhammad r/descentintotyranny http np.reddit.com/r/descentintotyranny/comments/4wm81y/fbi_agent_apparently_egged_on_draw_muhammad r/libertarian http np.reddit.com/r/libertarian/comments/4wmr2q/fbi_agent_apparently_egged_on_draw_muhammad r/terrorism http np.reddit.com/r/terrorism/comments/4wo3f7/fbi_agent_apparently_egged_on_draw_muhammad r/badgovnofreedom http np.reddit.com/r/badgovnofreedom/comments/4wmpct/fbi_agent_apparently_egged_on_draw_muhammad r/1984isreality http np.reddit.com/r/1984isreality/comments/4wmnq4/fbi_agent_apparently_egged_on_draw_muhammad r/governmentoppression http np.reddit.com/r/governmentoppression/comments/4wmmts/fbi_agent_apparently_egged_on_draw_muhammad r/incaseyoumissedit http np.reddit.com/r/incaseyoumissedit/comments/4wei4r/undercover_fbi_agent_egged_on_draw_muhammad r/politics http np.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/4wbh84/fbi_agent_apparently_egged_on_draw_muhammad r/inthemorning http np.reddit.com/r/inthemorning/comments/4w996e/days_before_an_isis_attack_in_tx_the_terrorist and r/conspiracy http np.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/4w85x7/fbi_agent_apparently_egged_on_garland_texas .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
as we all know american comics are generally published as single issues or sometimes collected in a single publication .
manga on the other hand is printed in a phonebook-sized magazine with many other manga .
later some chapters may be collected into a volume to be sold separately .
why do you think there is this difference and what do you think is the cause ?
interested to hear some honest opinions as i 've been seeing two extremes for this game .
every time i tune into ps i love you xoxo collin is always saying that it 's going to be horrible but i see people on here talk about how they took off weeks to play it before it got delayed .
i want to be humiliated by and forced to worship katy perry .
this would include ass/foot worship and face sitting humiliation public as well as comparing my ugly body to your perfect one breast smothering toilet play and just about anything else to demean me !
forcing me to do laundry with my mouth of course !
let me know which of these excite you and what you want to make me do !
you walked into a bar with two whining disruptive children under age six .
now i realize you may not be used to not being able to go to some places with your children but there is alcohol and profanity in spades in this place .
my favorite example of such is the cartoon of a donkey looking over a fence reading if assholes could fly this place would be an airport '' under which you sat but the one next to it seemed appropriate too .
everyone brings joy to my bar some when they enter others when they leave . ''
maybe you do n't care that your sons are exposed to beer tits and cursing at 2 5 years old but they 're not mine to raise so it 's not my business .
what is my business is the fact that i eat in places like this in part to stay the hell away from little snots that should be leashed in public when they 're raised by air-headed pea-brained permissive snowflakes like you that think it 's 'cute ' when their 5 year old starts rocking his chair back and forth on the uneven cement floor .
the owner had actually turned down the germany/sweden match to be kind to my headache so i 'm sure we all appreciated the extra background noise equally .
what is the owner 's business was your decision to pull a two seat table away from the wall interrupt two other peoples ' dinner to request empty chairs from their tables and park your fuck trophies in the middle of the fucking walkway and block the path to the bathrooms and kitchen for everyone else in the building .
for the love of the 1.50 beer bin get it to go if there are n't enough seats for your family .
but it was extra classy of you to insist that your family was perfectly comfortable in the middle of the goddamned way until the waitress bribed the boys with the ms pacman table upstairs in the overflow seating to get you to move .
flouncing off and aiming a shit-fit at the waitress proves your ultimate failure to attend charm school or even acquire the common sense that accompanies the average mature adult into their parenting years .
i 'm sure she appreciates that your selfishness got her an extra tip from me .
please just swallow from here on out you 're fucking up too much with the first two .
the woman that was about to start drinking if you had n't left
yesterday i went and signed up for metropcs just for the zte zmax pro which is 100 right now in store with their instant rebate and i ported in a number from ringplus free plan for another 60 off leaving me to pay for 1 month of service 30 phone 40 and a clear tpu case for under 100 and i found a unlocking service that is trying to unlock it for 22
the phone is 6-inch 1080p display qualcomm snapdragon 617 processor with 2gb of ram 13-megapixel rear camera usb type-c port a sizable 3,400 mah battery microsd card and fingerprint scanner .
the phone itself is incredible for the price it feels like im holding a nexus 6 but the backing material has a little more grip to it .
the phone has next to nothing for bloatware apps only the basic metropcs like mymetro caller id and metrozone
the fingerprint reader is decent it might take a few tries of me wiggling my finger on it to unlock but its great just not as snappy as my nexus 5x .
despite the just okay finger print reader it has a option that allows you to sign different apps to open up from a locked screen based on the finger print and the phone stores 5 different finger print scans
battery size is 3,400 mah battery which is great comparing it to nexus 6 3220 mah battery which also is the same screen size hopefully battery life will be a bit better .
testing the battery watching netflix on wifi for exactly 2 hours the phone only dropped to 81 from fully charged if it keeps this up the screen on time will be pretty awesome for this budget phone
the 13-megapixel rear camera on this thing is just okay nothing to brag home about but can take a okay shot and has a manual mode .
the phone does seem to have some type of quick charging abilities but the phone does n't state it when plugging in a usb c quick charger but acording to ampere app its charging at a rate of 1800 which is similar to my nexus 5x
i have n't had time to test the phone to much yet but i for my use i think the phone will be able to handle reading reddit youtube and pokemon go with no real issues but i still need test it out tonight..
lastly my only complaint with this phone is the speaker it has a butthole speaker in the back of the phone that just is n't loud enough my nexus 5x is a lot more clear and louder
so once you unlock it it will fully on tmobile based carriers and it has the 3 most important lte bands for att and its mnvo 's like cricket lte band 17 is a subset of band 12 lte and allows it to connect on the 700 spectrum but i wo n't be able to confirm 100 untill the device is unlocked
https www.youtube.com/channel/ucsia0cinxoyutqblsykld1a this youtuber 233subs is a small youtuber who had a video stolen from him the video is top ten richest youtuber it was made 7 months
https www.youtube.com/channel/uciu5sdhqr2dhwmsnref5hag this is sparkan 42k subs who stole the video from the smaller youtuber it 's the top ten richest youtubers it was made like 2 days ago
so i 've looked around and am trying to find a career to jump into after high school .
i think a job in stocks would be a good career for me .
but what does it mean to be a stock trader and how much do traders really make ?
some sites say they make millions others say less than 100k what is a ballpark salary ?
registered voters have the right to petition the government .
any petition gathering x of registered voters must be answered by the ministry .
my mother suffers from ms and was diagnosed when i was around 11 .
she stopped walking around 16 years ago and has been deteriorating ever since .
she 's well past the point where she needs full time care .
we have had the same person take care of her during the day for the last 10 years or so .
she was paid a pretty good salary when my father was well off and she worked for free for a year as he was recovering from the recession .
my father is an incredible human and he 's made it his life 's mission to be her hero in this case .
he has no life outside of going to the office and coming home to her and she is getting more and more dementia as it goes on .
he wo n't make the choice to take her to a nursing home until it 's a complete last resort .
i just came home to be with the family when he went under for a quad bypass and he 's almost completely rehabbed but i can see things changing soon .
the caregiver has been substituting someone else probably 60 of the time because she has a 6 year old child and another person that lives with her full-time that she cares for .
no one is talking about it yet but i want to get out ahead of this so i can help him .
he made the comment that if he ever put her in a home he would never have any money left to have a life anyways .
he makes around 140k a year and my brother and myself are on our own for everything so he has full access to that .
is he in that weird stage where he makes too much money to qualify for any help but not really enough money to get her into a nice home ?
i think he pays the caregiver around 30k/year at the moment and she comes for about 4 hours a day most days .
also ms is not technically terminal kevorkian 's patients were mostly ms patients approaching the vegetable-ish state my mother is approaching so i do n't think we 'll qualify for any hospice care .
i feel like now is the time because he suffered severe withdrawal from alcohol during his heart surgery functioning alcoholic never violent or anything like that and the alcoholism i think is a direct result of depression brought on by having next to no social life or hobbies .
tl dr looking for options to get my mother into a nursing home but my father makes 140k/year and might make too much to qualify for anything but not enough to get her somewhere nice .
edit also to clarify he does n't own a home and his assets are probably around 60k with no debt he 's been recovering from the recession for years .
this is from a comedy sketch show or a stand-up routine put to animation .
it is sfw and has no nudity it is not a porno .
doctor or inventor has a sex machine for women that he introduces then says he 's going to step out to operate the machine but keeps reminding the woman not to look .
it 's obvious that he 's just sticking his own penis through something to have sex with the women he treats .
setup of the scene is just a single room .
the machine '' is a tall thing with a lot of buttons and lights like some sci-fi prop from the '60s on the left side of the room that completely conceals the man when he goes to operate '' .
i want to stress that no sex is involved it is something probably from a sketch comedy show that would be broadcast on television .
edit i walked away from this but the animated part of this kept nagging me .
tried to think of comedians that had animation over them and remembered the ricky gervais show .
it was indeed a bit in the ricky gervais show https youtu.be/9m-silx5bwc
hi i have been looking through the praw documentation but i can not find any methods or fields for get_unread that would allow me to retrieve the number of unread messages there actually are .
i store the return of get_unread in a field called 'inbox ' and have tried len inbox and tried 'inbox null ' .
i 'm new to python so i 'm not sure how it all works .
i 've just installed x9 and am finding it very good i mainly will be using gopro footage so was wondering if there were any pointers or tricks you know ?
hybrid the team that reaches the final checkpoint with the fastest time wins .
if neither team reaches the final checkpoint then the team that pushed the payload furthest will win .
control these maps are played as best of 5 .
heard it in the 1980 's older male singer words are about a transatlantic relationship i think a telephone call features .
ak-47 red laminate w virtus pro non-holo katowice 2014 on wood .
it was until rob zombie yelled at all us for having our phones out .
he said cant you fucking people enjoy a show without being on your fucking phones '' thats when i put my phone away and enjoyed the rest of the show .
i was at the show where corey taylor smacked someones phone out their hands .
since them i seen sublime slipknot 2times and black sabbath have n't even thought about recording .
that your phones should n't be out during the show ?
we are looking to replace our old dirt devil .
our townhouse of roughy 1500 sq ft has carpet and tiles .
i was wondering what is your perspective on the dc78 animal ?
if not this one then what would you recommend ?
when you come to this sub often u realize there 's many anime that people hate which one of them you really like ?
mine is mirai nikki really enjoyed this anime and yandere are my favorites !
pretty much new to homebrewing few batches made so far biab all grain method
what are some things or tips that you would have loved to know when you started ?
1 of my earliest tips i had gotten was put in some extra ingredients or a bit less water due too biab being a bit less efficient .
made sense but as a new brewer i would just follow the recipe and come up with a different beer that way .
i saw ear the using them against xaltis i think to protect himself against rosalina 's up airs .
is it a good option in situations like that or a should only work once per ser '' type of trick ?
of course is planned to upgrade the gpu with a more powerful one i 'm thinking about the rx 470 but i want to try the game asap even at low/medium settings .
now first off let me just say i am new to ccing and have been pondering this a lot .
i know that everyone says never pull if you 're not ready to shoot '' but is there ever a situation where you would pull to defuse this is not at all the word i 'm looking for by i ca n't think of how to phrase it a situation ?
say you are in fear for your life but the attacker is not yet close enough to get to you for instance .
or do you just commit to it and go ?
i guess this is very situational but i 'm just trying to get some thoughts on the matter .
so i tend to watch a lot of us law drama shows but am aware that real life is very different .
personally i think it 's clear that at least some of the evidence was planted the key and the bullet especially .
let 's assume for a second that sa actually did it but not at all in the way the prosecution built their case .
realising they did n't have enough evidence see cal harris case they decided to manufacture some .
what would happen now if someone came forward admitting that some evidence was planted ?
obviously there would be an immediate retrial acquittal but what would happen to the person who came forward ?
could they cut a deal to avoid prosecution themselves ?
essentially i think i 'm asking is there any benefit to anybody coming forward now or are they better off keeping their heads down and hoping that nothing is ever proven
hybrid the team that reaches the final checkpoint with the fastest time wins .
if neither team reaches the final checkpoint then the team that pushed the payload furthest will win .
control these maps are played as best of 5 .
escort the team that reaches the final checkpoint with the fastest time wins .
if neither team reaches the final checkpoint then the team that pushed the payload furthest will win .
the following events happened on this day in history !
fabulous freebirds vs blue and valiant and smirnoff http network.wwe.com/video/v32995167/milestone/37039965
chris jericho vs test with stephanie mcmahon helmsley http network.wwe.com/video/v32650601/milestone/36494857
i'am looking for a stock art website for illustrations and pictures that works with monthly and/or yearly 'memberships ' .
what in your opinion is the most affordable stock art website ?
i know there 's a few threads like this out there but lets make a fresh one with the best stores out there for cheaper clothes ?
with cheap we mean under 100 for example asos hm elwood etc etc im shitty as fuck
very thankful for help since i need some actual gooooood online stores ! !
i personally need some vintage tee 's like metallica etc ca n't find anywhere !
found a site thats called cokemagic.com with dope vintage stuff but was n't the best..
i can seem to maximize my jumps i have a fully upgraded hyperdrive .
anyone have any tips or tricks about aiming towards the center in free exploration mode on the hyper jump map ?
i 'm sending these framed artworks http imgur.com/a/v6pmh to the hello games office .
i made them as computer wallpapers before the game was even released here http rocklou.deviantart.com/art/no-man-s-sky-wallpaper-moons-625545308 and here http rocklou.deviantart.com/art/no-man-s-sky-wallpaper-hello-626240014 sold them as prints and bought some from deviantart/myself to see what they looked like .
but i realized i have no room for them so i 'm sending them to hello games .
i know they had tons of science fiction posters on the walls while making the game i thought they 'd appreciate some fan-submitted artwork .
i personally like the game and i 'm sharing some of my experience .
if you have something positive or fun to share i might include it .
this package is simply something positive i want to give hello games .
i realize the game has faults but a lot of us are enjoying the game for what it is and it 's a one-of-a-kind experience .
so i order a 1100 build and my rep assures me they wo n't just drop it on my doorstep when i 'm not home .
i have a typical place i send deliveries to so the neighborhood hoodlums do n't steal my shit but i bought this computer with a debit card and i could n't add shipping addresses to a debit card .
they build my computer and give it to fedex and i call up fedex asking if there is a signature auth or anything stopping the delivery from being delivered when i 'm not home and guess what they said nope .
i then call up ibuypower to get this resolved and the rep says his supervisor is calling fedex atm and that they will call me back later on that day .
obviously i do n't get a call and the computer gets dropped on my doorstep the next day and i have to leave work to keep it from getting stolen .
lesson learned do n't buy with a debit card and do n't trust ibuypower will resolve the problem .
10/10 on build quality it 's a really nice build it just pissed me off that their delivery process sucks this much .
i 've chosen a number between 1-30 first to guess or is closest within next 15 min wins !
must be on your xbox when you win to receive player right away if not it will go to the next closest .
i know i do n't get 2 cashback when purchasing said cash card but once i have it and use it as my form of payment do i still get the 2 executive cash back from scanning my executive membership card ?
i ca n't seem to find anything outlining this in the executive membership faqs on costco.com
i´m looking for a club for anivia mains i can join ign shockwaved
so as the title states i took about 3-4 grams of truffels for the first time .
i 'm in amsturdam right now with my so and we 've been smoking weed for a while and we have taken pretty good mdma a few times .
i 'm going to try and remember to add the name of the truffel to this post later since i 'm writing this while on a car trip .
since i 'm a rheumatic patient not too bad of a case i 'm on methotrexate .
usually 12.5 mg every week sometimes every second week .
everytime before i try a drug even with weed i check for incompatibilities side-effects and the like before actually taking anything .
the only thing you should look out for when in such condition and under such treatment your mileage may vary of course is that you will have to expect a longer recovery period .
anyway to the actual specifics of how it went down .
we purchasud the truffels at a pretty professionally looking smartshop .
keep in mind we 're total newbies and just wanted to try something new and had no way of acquiring anything else or somewhere else since we 're on a vacation here only .
we bough 20 grams in total took about 3-4 grams contrary to the advise of taking at luast 7 g. i was especially cautious with the dosage because of my medical condition and state .
i told my so to comply and after a bit of buuut muuum '' he gave in .
after all we did n't know what to expect how hard it would hit us or anything for that matter except for the bits of information the people in the shop gave us .
in hindsight ... we could have taken 5 g and would have been pretty safe i feel .
the problem we ran into is that we were having sligth visuals like tracers and images persisting when closing your eyes but we were still mostly rational in the mind so we tried making sense of everything .
obviously not the kind you see when you cut someone 's skin off but just slight shades of the silhouette namely the eye sockets and the cheek/jaw partition .
but it slightly spooked him as well as the curtains that were moving they were n't but i saw it as well .
i think that was pretty much the whole light trip .
tracers and just sometimes i would just start swaying with the wind to one side and stop myself from falling to the side .
i caught myself staring at lights and random objects rather often but enjoyed it .
i really enjoyed the effects but with a not so rational mind it would have been less confusing '' .
i feel like it would have made more sense if i did n't try to make sense of everything .
what really bothered me for a while was that my so did n't seem to enjoy himself that much .
he had the same problem with rationality but i feel i had to take care of him too much .
i was mostly focused on him and calming him which i do n't mind but in return i could n't concentrate on my experience too much .
what i felt and indulged into i enjoyed the heck out of but it could have been more intense .
he told me that he was enjoying himself the second we stepped out of our room into the hotel lobby and then out into the somewhat green surroundings .
that might have been my warped perception or just lack of expression from his side .
the coming down phase was pretty decent although i got a bit sad that everything seemed so uninteresting now .
i was still staring at things but no captivating effect took over me .
it was just staring and that felt super boring .
we decided we 're going to do this again in a few days since we do n't know if we could take them back to germany airplane from france to germany but we do n't exactly want to risk being caught as smugglers or anything illegal .
generally i just wanted to write about my experience and maybe you guys do have some useful information or tips that i did n't even think of asking about .
as of now not even 24 hours later i do n't feel anything anymore .
this morning 12 h after the point of intake i had a bit of the i need to get out of this constricting room '' feeling but that went away aftur going out .
the only thing i could ask about is ... how do i get down again ?
giving your stomach something to do and eating especially sugary stuff i have heard is considered good .
edit the stuff we took was called psilocybe mexicana teonanactl .
i am the sole owner employee of a small company that will lose money this year and quite possibly next year .
i am looking to hire my first employee as part of the problem with growth is that i am spread far too thin .
i would like to set up some sort of plan esop is too expensive to set up for me right now where i would give the employee stock in the company .
i 'm not sure if it would be given earned or a combination of the two .
1 how do i go about valuing a company that loses money to determine a value ?
is it completely arbitrary and i just assign a value or is the value essentially 0.00 and i would issue stock worth 0.00 to the employee with the hope that google offers me 2 billion dollars for the company and we all go buy yachts ?
2 once a value is determined example 1,000,000 do i then just determine how many shares the company is comprised of ?
1,000,000 value divided by 500,000 shares puts each shares value at 2 ?
i know there are a number of things to consider when doing this but i 'm primarily interested in the answer to these questions as i 've asked my friend google.com and i have n't been able to find the answers to those questions .
this guy is playing black ops iii with intel hd 4400 1280x720 and the frame rate is 30 fps most the time !
yes he was playing at low settings but at least the game was playable with acceptable graphics and acceptable frame rate !
it 's not intel problem that nms is not working with intel hd at all no it 's the developers problem .
with regards to candies perhaps type based candies rather than specific candies for each line ?
for pokemon with two types either can be used for upgrading or evolving .
when used for evolving this will affect that pokemon 's move set allowing players some agency over the move set rather than having the entire game being a walking lottery
advantages include making some of the rarer pokemon actually usable sooner .
newcomers might actually be able to use type advantage against higher cp pokemon in gyms rather than everything being a monoculture of arcanine in australia anyway
there 's a possibility that this makes leveling up the pokemon way too easy but possibly adjusting candy requirements might help with this ?
i honestly do n't know how difficult this might be to implement balance .
note this has nothing to do with the current fantasy book off that 's going on .
this is gon na become a new booking segment that i will do every time we 're two or three days away from a ppv .
i 'll be booking from one ppv to the next .
every time there 's a big 4 ppv which is shared by both brands i 'll be doing two separate posts one for raw one for sdlive but when it 's a brand exclusive ppv i 'll be booking for just that specific brand .
summerslam is this sunday and i 'll be starting off with my raw booking from summerslam to raw 's first brand exclusive ppv clash of champions .
sasha banks retains her women 's championship after forcing charlotte to submit to the bank statement .
the club defeat the new day to become the new tag team champions and give kingston a case of ringpostitis '' after the match and hit woods with a magic killer on the outside of the ring so all three members of the new day have been injured . ''
rusev defeats roman reigns clean after making him pass out with the accolade .
reigns stays in the ring after rusev has long left and looks incredibly dejected .
sheamus wins the 1st of the best of 7 series against cesaro .
enzo and cass defeat jeri-ko and owens hits jericho with a pop-up powerbomb afterwards .
finn balor defeats seth rollins to become the first ever universal champion after an outstanding match .
rollins tries to cheat his way to victory multiple times but is neutralized and defeated with a coup de grace .
as balor celebrates in the ring with confetti raining down rollins sits on the entrance ramp looking shocked sad and disappointed all at the same time .
titus o'neil and darren young continue their meaningless feud where titus eventually turns heel and the two have their match booked on the kickoff .
i think everyone know 's that this team between jericho and owens wo n't last very long .
and i believe that their team will fall apart at ss where a miscommunication will lead to their loss .
i 've already said that owens poeerbombs jericho afterwards and the feud has both as heels .
owens disrespecting jericho 's scarf jericho calling owens a fat stupid idiot '' etc .
it 's set to boil over at clash of champions .
after charlotte loses to sasha once again she scolds dana brooke for not interfering even though the stipulation was that she could n't interfere .
charlotte yells at dana saying that she made '' her and that she wo n't be disrespected .
dana snaps and yells that she can do what charlotte could n't .
dana ends up winning a 1 contendership battle royal after last eliminating charlotte save nia jax and bayley for later alright ? .
charlotte gets back in the ring and slaps dana in the face yelling at her dana pushes charlotte to the ground and is about pounce on her but stops herself .
gallows and anderson have a celebration in the ring and talk about how they destroyed the new day and how they took their titles away literally 2 days before they would 've broken the 365 day mark the ultimate cock block .
they are then interrupted by ... enzo and cass !
they cut their whole s-a-w-f-t/certified gee great comedic shtick and tell the club that they should prove that are n't sawft by putting their tag team titles on the line against them right now .
gallows and anderson initially refuse but enzo and cass anger them into accepting .
they go on to have a pretty damn good tag team match but the club comes out on top enzo and cass are super popular with the crowd so they should save their big win for a big 4 ppv .
gallows and anderson attempt to give enzo a case of ringpostitis '' but are stopped ... by the dudley boyz .
they run down to the ring make a face turn and save enzo and cass stating that they have been back for a year and have yet to win the tag titles and that their sick of waiting to win them so they challenge gallows and anderson to a tornado tag team no holds barred match .
cesaro and sheamus have their best of 7 series go to the point where the current score is 3-3 .
after their 6th match which takes place on the go home raw before clash of champions mick foley comes to the ring to praise both guys for how well they 've been doing and says that the winner of the final match of the series will go on to face rusev for the u.s .
after summerslam stephanie mcmahon announces that at clash of champions raw 's 1st cruiserweight champion will be decided at clash of champions where the winner of the cwc will face neville for the title which makes sense as neville has been winning all his matches since returning .
the winner of the cwc is ... kota ibushi .
after reigns loses at summerslam he comes to the ring on raw and cuts a passionate promo about how he 's been unable to claim a big victory on raw and how he needs it more then anyone .
zayn claims that he is the one who needs a victory as he was n't even booked on the main card at summerslam even though he had a match of the year candidate at battleground .
the two get into each other 's faces until mick foley comes to the ring and gets in between the two guys and decides to make a match between the two at clash of champions .
in the build reigns looks much more brutal in his matches and sounds more angry in his promo 's keep that in mind .
after balor 's amazing victory over seth rollins at summerslam rollins is incredibly distraught .
he has n't been able to get out of this losing streak he 's had since he was cashed in on by dean ambrose .
no matter what he did during the match balor had an answer for it .
he decides that wrestling dirty is n't the way to go with balor .
he interrupts a celebration ceremony for balor and cuts a godly promo about how he needs to redeem himself .
he demands a rematch against balor at clash of champions and his challenge is accepted with balor saying you ca n't slay the demon . ''
in the build rollins begins to win all of his matches clean and there are vignettes of him training in the gym .
the two teams have a wild no holds barred match but the club win after pinning devon with a magic killer .
bubba gets in the ring after wards and starts yelling at devon on how he messed up and how it was supposed to be their moment .
bubba picks up devon and hits him with a bubba bomb .
dana brooke puts up a better fight then anyone expects but taps out to the bank statement .
she is scolded by charlotte once again after the match .
the two have a great cruiserweight match with great top rope spots but at the end of the match when ibushi has neville up for the golden star powerbomb two hooded figures come down to the ring one distracts the ref while the other helps neville out of the powerbomb and slams ibushi to the mat .
neville goes to the top rope and hits the red arrow to win the match .
the two hooded figures carry a celebrating neville to the back on their shoulders .
the two have a great match and owens wins after catching jericho when he went for a codebreaker and hit him with a pop-up powerbomb .
owens powerbombs jericho onto the apron after the match .
it 's their best match yet and cesaro wins but has noticeably hurt ribs and probably should n't go on with the u.s .
cesaro makes a comeback during the match and comes deathly close to winning but is forced to tap out to the accolade .
near the end of the match reigns nails zayn with a superman punch .
he then picks up zayn and hits him with another superman punch but when he goes for the third one zayn catches him for the exploder suplex into the corner and follows it up with a helluva kick for the win .
zayn offers a handshake after the match which reigns accepts ... until he throws zayn of the ropes and rebounds him with a spear .
he brutally beats down zayn and leaves him laying .
the ending has the ref go down after rollins attempts a springboard knee .
balor then tries to hit a 1916 but rollins counters it into a buckle bomb/superkick combo and goes for the match winning pin ...
he goes to the outside of the ring grabs the universal title belt and contemplates hitting balor in the head with it ...
but he stops himself drops the belt and tries to wake up the ref and is successful in doing so but turns around into a pele kick and a 1916 from balor .
balor goes to the top rope and jumps for the coup de grace but rollins rolls out of the way hits balor with a pedigree and pins him to become the new universal champion !
he celebrates in the ring with the everyone in the crowd standing on their feet ... until gallows anderson and neville run down to the ring and attack rollins .
they beat him down until balor gets to his feet ... and commands them to keep attacking .
neville hits rollins with a red arrow and gallows and anderson hit the magic killer .
mick foley runs down to the ring and tells them to stop but he gets beaten down too .
stephanie mcmahon then comes down to the ring with a smile on her face and announces that finn balor will be invoking his rematch clause immediately .
the match starts balor hits rollins with a coup de grace and takes back the universal title .
the show ends with balor club standing tall a belt in the hand of each member and stephanie applauding them .
i am trying to work through some old issues and i realize a lot of it is in response to my upbringing allow me to explain .
my parents had a terrible marriage so bad i say something my older sister hates which is that i think my parents should never have married .
in fact my aunt loves to tell me that on her wedding day my grandfather told my mom she did not have to marry my dad .
she had gotten knocked up and it was 1963 so getting married was kind of the thing .
my grandfather told her he would take care of her an the baby and there was no need to go through with the wedding if she did not want to .
i am the middle child and the only boy .
i have 2 sisters a older and a younger .
my parents divorced when i was 6 and soon after we were forced to move due to my father trying to cheat on taxes made my mom sign and after the divorce the irs took the house any everything within .
i found out one afternoon when i came home from 1st grade .
so not a lot of happy whole family time .
as for my parents let 's start with the sperm donor who for most of you filled the role of dad .
my father was not quite what i would call emotionally what could be considered human .
he never really gave me the impression he ever gave a shit about me .
one time when i was 11 my mom 's live in boyfriend beat me so bad i decided to go live with my father who had remarried .
you would think a father having his only son come live with him would be great right ?
my step mom made me wait for my dad to get home at night to eat .
she would eat around 5 and i had to wait to around 7 when dad got in .
i will leave out all the fun with my step brother that is a nice long post in and of itself .
my mother was not emotionally equipped to raise children .
i could tell she was miserable since she always seemed so happy with her friends but hardly ever with us kids .
i think due to the very bad relationship my mother could not deal with a male .
so she was not always mean to me but there were times but mostly she wanted little to do with me .
even my older sister who has 2 boys of her own has told me several time she had broken down weeping when she looked at her children and remembered how our mom was to me .
my mom was one of those that used us kids as her servants we had to clean the house and do the laundry and cook .
i was stuck doing the bathrooms taking out the trash and cooking from age 11 and on .
if i did not clean or messed up in school my mom would try to spank me it never really hurt and when she was not happy with that she would go in and trash my room .
she would knock everything in my room to the floor pull some posters down all the while screaming at me .
but i am not sure if that bothered me more than the many times she told us kids she wished we had never been born so she could leave us .
she also used to tell us she was packing her bags and leaving .
i remember a fun time when i think i was 7 or 8 and my sisters and myself were freaking out since we thought our mom was going to actually walk out on us .
so with some set up allow me to lay a few additional things out .
i was not a healthy child i was told i was a blue baby '' .
i had about all the normal childhood illnesses but i got them worse like chicken pox 3 times the 3rd i think they got under my eyelids i know they were all over .
add in sever childhood allergies and bronchial asthma and was in the hospital many times and often for days at a time .
i also was put into montessori school at 2 .
all my life i have had sleep issues and due to them is why i learned to read at 3 .
i would wake up in the middle of the night and there was nothing to do .
everyone was asleep all tv channels were off the air video games home systems did not exist so to stay out of trouble and pass the time i worked on my reading .
i read all the time and about anything i could get my hands on .
if anyone is interested i can tell you some reading stories .
i was also pretty quick in school for a time .
i bring this up because i think it also kind of made it hard for my mom to deal with me .
she never helped me with any homework ever and missed pretty much everything i did in school that a parent might attend .
so with all that i am trying to work through my own self loathing .
i believe i feel this way as a coping mechanism so i couls have an answer when i asked myself why my parents were so unlike everyone else 's .
it answered why my parents never seemed to give a damn so i think i turned it all toward myself to cope .
problem is many years later i am all fucked up due to it .
i have been depressed all most all my life i remember considering suicide when i was 5 yrs old in the basement i remember holding a big kitchen knife and wondering how do i cut myself to do it .
i also suck at relationships i seem to be a master at pissing people off when i do n't mean to .
as for romance well i fuck that up also so bad that i had been on some dating sites for 3 years with photo and all with not a single response .
now i know i am not blameless and know i need to work on some stuff .
but i am wondering how to get past it ?
how to i get past all the anger and hatred i feel everyday almost all the time ?
i used to think i would not live to 30 due to it but somehow i managed to funnel it mostly into how i talk .
i am told i often sound mean or my tone sounds like i think someone is a idiot .
i know i have a huge problem with self evaluation and assessment so i guess i am looking for advice how did other work through it ?
hey there all going to be getting my 4th consecutive hop harvest and subsequent brew day on tomorrow and i 'm pretty dang excited about it !
in years past some friends and i set up shop right in front of the barn there picked the hops during our mash and then threw them right into the boil when ready .
the first two years we made some fairly under hopped pale ales since the yield was never really high enough to try an all harvest hopped brew of sufficient bitterness .
this year before the season started i divided up 4 of my rhizomes 2 each of cascade and chinook for replanting .
now that i 've got 8 plants total the yield looks big enough that i 'll be able to tackle a big old ipa .
i wo n't know the actual amounts until tomorrow when we go to pick but i 'm going to bring some extra chinook pellets just to play it safe .
full report when it 's all said and done .
i liked 10 happier as kind of an entertainment/introduction book but beyond that what do you all advice ?
why do i keep hearing about the observer pattern using an interface when you can accomplish unless i 'm misunderstanding the exact same thing with delegates ?
is there a comprehensive list of suit/tool/ship upgrades posted someplace ?
preferably something that includes the upgrade description and materials required .
i 've searched but have n't found anything useful so far .
bought this knife months ago just curious how much i can get now .
i 'm in a bit of a pickle i ordered mine on thursday based on the description of the shades .
i ended up getting golden because on the website it said medium with olive undertone '' .
now when you go see it it says medium skin with red undertones '' .
now i 'm upset i got the wrong shade because of some kind of glitch because on the color wheel it says golden is in the red '' undertone .
i 'm purchasing another as soon as i find the right color for my medium olive skin .
i am stuck between warm natural medium skin with warm olive undertones and honey medium tan skin with warm olive undertones .
if i could get some help that would be great !
i 'm not very tan since my chest is light but my neck is a bit dark .
i 'm not getting the performance i should be getting .
this is a brand new build so no drivers installed before .
no textures a few graphics mods and a light enb i can drop down to 35fps whereas my 780 could surpass that with ease .
even wow drops fairly low when in a populated area .
list anything you 've done in attempt to diagnose or fix the problem .
i 've tried looking at various settings options trying to figure out what could be the issue .
i know that certain games overwatch for example set the resolution scale to 200 automatically .
as a 1070 user is there anything i should know ?
edit yes i am set to prefer maximum performance .
it never really dropped to 9fps must have been some stuttering .
it seems like most of the action takes place in dallas or fort worth .
does anyone have some go-to spots in the duncanville/cedar hill area ?
would it be inappropriate to use in a classroom ?
also can anyone suggest a keycap set for 60 or tkl .
is this like so https youtu.be/g9wxkfayeww ? t=4m50s hauling ass when police comes still more or less a common thing in taipei ?
i currently only have my lvl 60 wd but i am looking to pl a wizard .
so my phones plan ends at the end of august what are your guy 's recommendations for phone plans that offers the most data for the price .
i am also heading to uni this september so are there any promotions going on atm ?
have all the others the wiki has a shit explanation imo
i dont understand it one bit could someone please explain .
i 've recently put an older parts are between 3 and 4 years old pc in my living room to serve as an htpc .
it 's been there for nearly a month now without issue but this afternoon i went to turn it on and it powers on for about 1/2 second then turns off before repeating the process until i power off the psu .
i 've tested the psu with a paper clip and it powers up fine and stays that way .
i tried removing the hdd video card and ram and it still is stuck in this power loop .
i do n't have a speaker on my mobo so i do n't know if it 's beeping or not but it powers up for a very short period of time .
because of this i am thinking it 's a mobo or cpu problem as those are the only things i have n't removed to boot with .
any ideas on what i should do to figure this out ?
tomorrow i 'm going to start reading the bible and praying again .
i 'm starting to get into worse things in porn i am sick of all this this .
i just want a quick answer in regards this deadline extension .
monday i start back at college and was wondering if some people would want to watch harry potter with me on rabb.it
have you read the sidebar and rules http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/rules ?
i intend to play fast paced aaa games specifically battlefield 1 when it launches .
i do n't need to play at ultra settings but do n't want to be struggling on high .
if gaming what kind of performance are you looking for ?
medium to high settings i 'm not sure what good frames would be in these instances but not choppy !
post a draft of your potential build here specific parts please .
http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/pcpp do n't ask to be spoonfed a build read the rules !
pcpartpicker part list http pcpartpicker.com/list/dvmt8k price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/list/dvmt8k/by_merchant
please let me know what could be improved upon or swapped to save a little cash !
note you do not have to follow this format but please be sure to answer these questions .
please do not ask to simply be given a build .
is there website or something that tells you if you should spam or dodge when attacking a certain mon in a gym..yeah you can input your mon cp attacks and cp of the defending mon and it could come up with estimates on if you could defeat that mon with enough time ...
my fish has some fungus it 's pretty apparent now .
petco recommended pimafix and when i asked them about methylene blue which i read was helpful they said they did n't have it and pimafix salt was the only option .
yet i 've read here http forum.simplydiscus.com/showthread.php ? 79647-do-melafix-and-pimafix-work that pimafix does n't do much .
should i keep the sick fish isolated and salt the water ?
i levelled my ranged skill i am now level 99 .
first i am not sure if this thread belongs here or somewhere else because there is so much going on here but i think it is relevant to this subreddit .
she will buy anything on sale even if she does n't know what it does !
my sister a few months ago got a job at a goodwill of all places fucking unbelievable right ?
she just loads up on stuff and has been doing it for the past 20 years but it has been getting worse .
our den used to be a place where we can watch tv and hang out but now it is filled with clothing racks shoe racks and storage bins .
it 's dark in there even with the lights on because the stuff is just piled so high throughout the room !
i happen to be the cook of the house along with my mother but it is hard to cook anything because stuff has to be moved just to find an open range and countertop .
we have had rodent infestations that were a nightmare to get rid of because there were so many places for them to hide and eat .
now i mentioned that there are storage bins and racks in the den .
that 's because my father spends so much of his time organizing the things that my mother has .
he 's retired so he spends most of his time at home but he is old and in not great physical shape .
he also rents out storage units because the rooms and the attic are filled to the brim with stuff .
i think most of the time he is not really accomplishing much though .
i believe that he is using the moving around of stuff as a coping mechanism because he really ca n't do much about it .
i worry about his health moving the heavy things around all the time and i help whenever i can .
he always tries to sneak stuff in the garbage or to donations when he can but my mother gets furious when he gets caught and it ends in a shitstorm .
honestly at this point i do n't know which of the two is more crazy .
there is so much tension in the house and unfortunately it 's not all due to the hoarding .
i certainly do not enjoy having the living areas so cluttered up or watching my father break his back all the time just to barely keep the place livable .
he always enjoyed going to casinos and really loves betting on the horses but it seems as this hoarding has ramped up so has the gambling .
we 're not in monetary trouble at all but it seems my father is a shell of himself now reduced to only dealing with the hoarding and gambling .
my father is always angry at my mother and refuses to see any of her family any more .
i also have a sister who has a lot of her own issues but spends most of her time at her boyfriend 's .
i really want to just move out but i think that it will be a death sentence on my father if he is left to maintain the house by himself .
i also fear that staying here will just contribute to the powder keg because my father has gotten crankier and crankier as of late and is impossible to deal with for anybody .
i have always looked up to my father and he really has been my best friend for a long time but he is just so unpleasant to be around and i think his obsession 's trump even my mother 's .
i love my mother very dearly too and while her hoarding really bothers me somehow i do n't hold it against her nearly as much as my father does even though she is causing a lot of damage .
lately the tension has gotten worse in my house and my father seems to show a complete lack of empathy toward me or anyone else .
he does n't even appreciate the help i give him and takes me for granted all the time .
he takes his anger of my mother out on me and i get very upset also when i am acting kindly and i get shit on for no reason .
we had a recent argument that got so intense we almost physically fought and i think he could have been having a heart attack .
the fight started this morning and the significance was that my mother was going away on a business trip for a few days .
as soon as my mother left the driveway he started going crazy moving stuff around because he knew my mother was n't going to be there to stop him .
there was a fire in his eyes and he kept on snapping at me for not moving things exactly the way he wanted them .
i have been living with this stress for a long time but now i have reached my limit .
very dangerous thoughts have been in my mind constantly and i will not mention them because i do n't want to be banned from reddit .
i have a complete lack of faith now in humanity and in god .
i think that i have to move out and that my parents have to separate as well .
financially it will not be possible for me to do so for a bit as i have to save up more money .
also i really am afraid of how my parents will take care on their own especially my father whom this is taking a heavy toll on .
i ran the intro to strahd in my homebrew pathfinder campaign for my four 7th level pc 's .
i know it was supposed to be ran for level one characters but i wanted an interesting change of scenery while i waited for a player to get back from his trip .
i made it before they entered the death house they fought a medium encounter as to weaken them all and burn some precious resources .
i buffed the animated armor hp by about 30 and fudged nothing else .
they made decent progress until upon them reaching the mimic door the cleric who had been a quiet for most of the campaign decides now is the time to take charge .
he promptly then gets gnawed on by the mimic and initiate is rolled .
upon some bad ideas by the party and disregard for the cleric he ends up as a corpse .
as soon as he dies the evil trope barbarian looks his corpse so does the special snowflake alchemist .
this cleric has been shit on by the rest of pc 's the whole campaign and he has rp 'd decently well so i deem it he gets a talk session with his god helm .
i give him one wish to do with it as he wants .
he then promptly turns the evil trope barbarian into a sentient sword .
i love it because of irony of this player trying his best to be about the damages .
evil trope barb player then loses all hope for his character and wants to roll a new char .
i will let him if he does n't try to be a evil trope again .
that is how 2/4ths of my party are now stranded in death house and how i killed one of my pcs with a door .
i need a pair of pants and an accessory that are both official for my last gracie check !
so i use waze to drive a lot and it 's usually very convenient to be able to share that eta to whoever i 'm picking up and for me to know when i get there .
aside from the fact that link waze sends stops working after a while and the recipient is n't able to trace me anymore even though i 'm still driving .
i even experimented with it setting waze for a destination just off the highway and set my cruise control to exactly the speed limit according to waze .
still on a 100 km drive the eta would change almost ten minutes .
even though my speed was constant except for when i was passing but i was never below the speed limit .
i 'd like to request a feature that will add 5 traveling time or similar to my route because i 'd like to arrive earlier than my eta rather than later .
this could easiest be solved by allowing me to ask waze to calculate routes using a 5 10 or 15 percent reduction of speed compared to the speed limit .
this could also incorporate a 'trailer mode ' where in some countries your are limited to certain speeds when pulling a trailer .
enable trailer mode in sweden for instance and it would limit your speed to 80 km/h .
had the sister in-law banging my door down earlier screaming she could n't get in touch with me and the wife we turn off the phones when movies and beers are abound apparently a couple were walking through white lane co-op carpark and got bashed up this evening me and the so usually go there friday evenings to shop this weekend we made other plans does anyone know what went down ? ?
everyone has that one drink/candy/sweets/food they like to have along with their favorite vape .
something that just holds hands and walks down the beach together .
something so complimentary to the other that they may as well be the same thing .
i 've found that these two go together perfectly .
thanks to t.s vapin in dickinson tx for turning me on to this wonderful flavor !
shooting video proving functionality of the pistol and all 8 magazines .
album with images of the pistol from both sides the magazines and the pistol with it 's holster and all magazines other pistols pictures not for sale http imgur.com/a/eiui0
today i am putting my custom ksc g17 up for sale .
this pistol has some pretty rare externals on it so it will be sure to turn heads on the field .
also the straight frame is super comfortable in the hands and to shoot .
it makes the g17 feel more like a 1911 in your hands than a glock .
the straight frame ksc pistols were a limited anniversary run .
i think only 500 of the frames were made .
the boom arms shuey custom slide and barrel are also very uncommon as not many were produced .
ksc g34 limited edition straight frame with g34 slide catch
matrix fiber ksc glock sights modified with 0.078 '' 5/64 '' or roughly 2mm truglow fibers .
orange in the back and green in the front .
also custom fitted screw so the front sight will never fall off .
5 ksc g17 magazines 2 have the ksc extended base plates
3 extended magazines 2 kwa 1 trademarked all 3 have 3d printed base plates
gcode xst rti glock 17 holster modified to fit the shuey custom slide
170 shipped for the pistol with 1 g17 magazine 175 for the pistol shipped with 1 extended magazine
looked at the kor thread again that block of text from voltagic tho .
it 's a good thing your words mean nothing in terms of if i 'm actually delusional which i know i 'm not .
men are stronger than women even if that offends you .
i 've spent a large amount of time being suicidal and made it through .
we 're all the same in some ways and completely different from each other in other ways .
he calls any and all of the people who have used his services and asks for a favour .
that is if they 're capable of sending him to space .
says eu but post says that its located in canada
no gun death just terrorisum lol still way less than in the us
great and not expensive internet but it 's all about the food .
so it makes zero sense to have it in your life !
i 'm new to it aswell but taking steps forward only means getting stronger !
i 'm looking at it as not how many days and not how many effects but how strong i can build my self control.. after that everything is achievable !
talk to people about your problems who have similar problems !
let yourself be inspired and find small goals to aim for that lead to a larger one
huni will learn the true meaning of the words my butthole '' meateos
as per the original plan watchmen from rorschach 's perspective .
instead of recreating panels from the comic watchmen could 've been a tense story about a man who 's seeing his morals denigrated by the world around him .
interesting got a link because as someone involved with icann and critical infrastructure protection behind it can 100 promise u that is factually incorrect .
like who would enjoy eating food that does n't taste good to them ?
eating is n't a hobby it 's a basic bodily function like breathing or sleeping .
a person does n't even need any skills to be considered a foodie .
tldr calling yourself a foodie makes you come off as a lazy fat person with no real recreational value .
i did n't think it was in the us or canada .
they changed it from 1000 armor/mr because people bought zz'rot and dc 'd to make super op voidlings .
this is the most wonderful dumb idea i 've ever heard .
i might have to look into these guys more they seem awesome and this song and the other one are n't even singles !
i got this shirt when i was a kid and i still have it so now it 's kind of faded it actually looks pretty cool .
besides when i was like 11 just anything with stone cold on it was absolutely fine .
i do interactive stuff but arts and like to read a lot of biology/nature/robotic studies/articles as they can be a source of very interesting observations and mechanisms .
i 'd urge you to look up things on creativeapplications.net it 's very important to keep looking at peoples work both for inspiration and to not repeat works/ideas .
i remember it being quite popular for a time in the uk in the late 90 's and early 2000 's here is an advert i remember from around that time https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=c13pukd2fdu
tbh nightlife around here is probably the best in the country .
dont go to westend newcastle avoid the gate next to china town
rent is not terrible although you could get a place in gateshead for alot less .
good food places and a lot of great independent coffee stores .
if you vegetarian/vegan there is a little difficulty but there are still some great places to eat which do offer a varied menu .
judging from his current rant what he was saying was something like i 'm the boss i alone understand life you people are 99 all retards '' .
vardags will be the starting adc for h2k ! !
this article like all these types is completely omitting any detail .
as a note that 's when i graduated i dicked around in college for 6 years .
the pay was n't great but a year and a half later i got a job for double the salary .
most of the folks i know who were unemployed were because they were worthless no marketable skills and wanted 20 an hour because they had a degree in psych .
meanwhile i had a slightly harder degree and accepted 17 an hour for my first job .
there was a very weird video game store that popped up where i lived .
it was only there for 6 months but damn if i did n't get my favorite ds games from that place .
prices for wii games were high as fuck though .
it 's now one of those stupid fucking tutoring places kumon or a2 or something like that .
i am 100 less salty about losing after learning about this .
the emotions this guy must be feeling have to be overwhelming .
that said try to get a better grip on your circumstances .
be vigilant as best you can and squish whatever bug you find .
and please feel free to pm me as well .
we 'll stick together through this and walk away better for it .
have you seen the documentation of 90 of all big open source projects ?
and if you want to compare to commercial projects the usual approach there seems to be no documentation all and offering a contact person that can assist your team in understanding the codebase or simply assuming that if you have the money to license the product you 'll also have the know-how to use it .
the more complex ones often have multiple paragraphs or explanation and some examples .
there were several reasons the confederate states felt they needed to leave the union .
a major one as declared in their own letters of succession was for the preservation of slavery as an institution .
i 'm from texas and show my pride by proudly displaying the lone star .
i know that she is used on some teams .
if i had more important heroes maxed out i 'd probably throw a few days worth if she wre that close to 6 .
worse they felt they were being manipulated because as more mortgages defaulted they felt their premiums should drop .
no contacted xbox live when i was asked to pay for vault-tec workshop .
they said it 's been reported to them a bunch of times and that we need to contact bethesda .
i would definitely call the insurance company of the person who crashed into you and report it .
when i was in my accident their company gave me a rental for 3 months while my car was being repaired .
you need to find out if they had insurance and with whom .
whatever their insurance does n't cover your insurance should help too .
that way you do n't have to lose your job and be stuck in the house .
you can also help you mom not to be stuck in the house while her arms heal too .
i just said it because there are nine evicted hgs .
what the seller think it looks like does n't concern me .
i 'm half ukrainian and i know for sure i 'll keep the family tradition and have an ukrainian wife .
i ca n't believe how many different versions of simcity 2000 were released .
all of the ones you see on my shelf are different and i do n't think i have them all .
i 'm sure you will find many ways to boost her self confidence !
i recently read jurassic park and i was massively disappointed with it .
you 're still wrong black people are an absolute rarity in malibu especially a couple decades ago which the joke references .
once again ... been living in this area for years and years not just talking out my ass like you .
i am 27 years old and i endorse the v10 engine .
video is kind of funny i guess but actually in my experience it 's mostly the people like me that grew up watching f1 in the 90s that miss the v10 engines the most .
probably because people have posted sources about a million times now only to be met with plugged ears .
at a certain point you stop caring about trying to inform the willfully ignorant .
i was a coin collector when i was a kid in the 50s .
i had one of these that had been cleverly modified by someone so that the e '' in cent '' had been replaced by a u . ''
the interesting thing was that it must have been done very early on because the wear pattern and tarnishing was consistent throughout .
i have no idea what happened to it i wish i still had it .
i 'm thinking it would be a cross between a rat and licking an electric outlet .
what do you mean vw with a solid logo ?
everything from 1 pound to 99 pounds goes up the same belt at ups .
fucking someone who 's clueless turns into a coaching session on anatomy .
honestly any dm who says something is too important for his story is a bad dm it should be what the players want to do if they want to actively avoid something do n't bring it up .
over here in europe they sell red solo cups that come with ping pong balls .
they have plenty of money to throw away they hired vernon to exist its not that difficult of a concept especially with the lives shows they 've been doing which brings in loads of money .
if you are on tos add a probability of touch metric column to your option chain .
any trade worth it 's juice will be tested and multiple times .
this was the most tough and valuable lesson for me .
different studies show it reverses 86 of the time .
number does n't matter really as long as you have enough time left .
this one is one of the hardest and it 's more mental than anything else .
you can watch hours of research videos on why but it 's still tough .
i think one has to experience a big drawback to ingrain this mechanic in the brain .
sometimes you can shave off a few bucks by rolling the untested side but in general the size of the trade must not make any noticeable impact on your netliq .
for undefined risk strategies usually they recommended 2-3x of the original trade loss as a stop .
i ca n't hear you over the sound of my dial-up modem ... pshhhkkkkkkrrrr​kakingkakingkakingtsh​chchchchchchchcch​*ding*ding*ding
he wants a difficult solo for his current gear .
in no way did he imply he wanted to improve it .
edit apparently it was edited because he did not state that he wanted to improve gear and make gil when i made my post .
all he said was he wanted a difficult solo for his current gear
i 've been gaming my whole life and it actually helps me .
i generally play more realistic shooters anyways and played with some other combat vets .
still had the comraderie ect we got in the military and oddly enough military tactics work pretty well in games .
i play overwatch a bit more lately it 's not my typical game but it is fun .
i generally play about 70 hours a week on a gaming pc i built after the va finally got off it 's ass and gave me my disability after 12 goddamn years .
for that kind of characters it is better to drop gems now and then .
amy and kiff heavy episodes never work well as the core team ones do .
it 's definitely still possible but with nicola adams and mo farah still to come along with joe joyce bianca walkden and a couple of our female triathletes who are all in with a shout of a medal i think we 're in a good place now
i thought you were sending me morse messages by winking .
i think that 's an over simplification and label of a complex.. large organization .
every protest or political movement has riots and violence .
i just answered a guys question of why some one might find this title offensive..
get into the salvage business mining and farming is for chumps tbh
you can find all the materials you need for every blueprint in the game and make a profit just by cruising around and taking ships apart
music video https youtu.be/6yp1tcy9a10 from back in the day ...
but i will hit the weights run 7 miles do laundry cook then do a whole bunch of nothing aka bum on my couch while reading/jacking around on the internet all day .
and once an exchange had occurred there is no going back .
i think that 's the problem you can pull out after exchanging contracts but the seller keeps the exchange deposit .
nate is in his head he 's wearing the boxers as a form of cuckold
oh you actually told me about this in another comment d thanks again !
but my schools international program is not that great i believe .
it 's great for europe but outside of europe there are only a few opportunities .
thats why i thought i can find more on my own
also fyi pbw is n't the best idea for aluminum if that 's aluminum .
is that the nvidia logo in the top middleish in blue ?
a lot of things would have to be recolored for that to work since using standard rules as written a player 's color which is determined randomly btw determines what 2 or 3 roles they can choose which dictates turn order although that specific detail 's only relevant if using the any role '' variant since all roles of the same color share the same rank and where on the board they start .
players start in the room matching their color and the various system cards '' are also color-coded to match what room the system is tied to which is important since this is where you have to be to repair the system if needed and use most systems in general .
the dlc does only use the colors that the actual board game uses for the players which suggests that it 's intended for players to be in the same seat as the color of the pawn they 're using .
the any role '' alternate rule allows players to pick any color 's role instead of just the roles matching their piece 's color .
this does n't change what color room they start in but it can affect turn order .
the game was made for a certain phone and not made to scale well .
so any other device like an ipad it 'll stretch it a little weirdly .
and as for music i had n't noticed that before but it does look like it does n't play music on ios .
unfortunately they have n't bothered to touch the app since it came out so there 's been 2 major ios updates that they never bothered to do update the app for .
it 's still playable if you can deal with the funky graphics and listen to some other music while playing .
otherwise i think finding another device or emulating one is your only option .
they also said he was an ex porn star and that 's just not true .
i 'm not sure if i agree with all the ideology but it was for sure a great book .
all these rare pokémon and no one has the balls to catch one
about an hour outside of melbourne ca n't believe it maybe it 's just my bad luck then
by earning 3,000 eur a month as a top player ?
compared to playing as an amateur or a semi-pro playing full-time and making €36000 per year is a very decent living .
just knowing that you can play full-time is a massive confidence boost for any young athlete and makes a huge difference when it comes to deciding whether one should commit to making sport a career or just play for fun .
the song 's just not the one it needs .
remove really old and over-saturated maps with new maps the professionals play test and give feedback on before release and in nuke 's case just remove the shit maps
balance the weapons nerf pistols so that they arent 1 hit kill at cqc buff the awp so it 's similar to before the may 31st nerf high scope movement speed but not as much as the old awp etc ...
edit i only want to see the old awp again because i loved the old awp and the nerf was uncalled for .
communicate with the professionals and community to see what ideas they have to improve the game .
improve first bullet accuracy and other shit like that general bug fixes
add a beta version or future csgo updates similar to blizzard 's overwatch ptr which will really improve valve 's communication with their players and will allow them to receive feedback from us so they can improve their game
basically just stop being idiots and fix your game 3
took 500mg 3-4 times a day and drank lots of water .
had a 15 year habit but hadnt smoked more than a couple of times a week the last months .
need to do weekly tests for a year so no more weed for me .
struggling with sleep and feeling fatigued and foggy due to lack of proper rest .
so because we have fewer people than the state of california we 're just to accept third world technology ?
hell i would n't mind paying for a service if i actually got a service which is really hard to get in australia .
it 's also hard if you 're an at t customer apparently .
it 's almost like there are different people on this sub and they have different opinions .
i 've been playing for 4 months i 'll tell you all there is to know .
if you go under enemy tower without minions you will get aggro
if a tower is low health you think you can outshoot it and decide to rush it and destroy it it takes significantly less damage since you have no minions under it unless it literally has no health bar then just walk in and shoot it or melee it
if you have minions in it and go in but hit an enemy player trying to defend you will get aggro only choices here are leave if possible or destroy tower if possible duh
if you get tower aggro you have teammates everyone else can shoot/melee any enemy hero under the tower until you leave or die i usually do this to my advantage if a teammate and i are trying to take the tower my teammate gets tower aggro i 'll try to kill the opposing hero in that tower since my teammate aleaddy has aggro .
tower hits damage scale the first 2 hits are baby hits the 3rd is a medium damage the 4th is a heavy damage hit the rest are kill shots unless you have a ton of health .
developers ca n't just tear down housing and office buildings to make streets wider .
it 's fairly obvious anywhere when a city was built to accommodate cars vs. when it developed far earlier .
that 's why nyc is a car nightmare in the us whereas la is built for cars .
it also works in windowed mode so you could still play the game at a very low resolution and this program could still reduce the internal resolution by half .
it has some of the best characters in the series and a better pacing .
obviously these are just my opinions but i recommend you to at least give it a try
i do n't think the accusation is that the independent is making it up more that the security services could easily claim there is a threat without any way for someone outside to verify it .
windows is unfortunately inferior to linux as a programmer .
the only reason i still have windows is because of games .
robot because the theory was garbage and made you eat your own words ?
your submission was removed because it looks like you 're posting music without a correct title .
does it have spaces around the dash and does it have the genre ?
forgetting these points are almost definitely why it was removed .
you will need to delete this post before submitting again click on delete above .
if you are not posting music please resubmit with the appropriate tag in the title
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
is i want to be a peacock fairy '' but walking down the aisle this is how it appeared to me .
i thought his sister died and he stole her gpu ? ''
and the tv show outsourced which was criticized heavily by people in america for being too stereotypical and racist '' was loved by indian people who thought it was the first somewhat accurate portrayal .
i 'm headed towards naunet or whatever it is .
i work in la and our uniforms are very lapd-ish .
i get stares at 7-11 and had psychs freak out that we 're cops but nothing too crazy so far .
we have badges but i never got issued one which is nice .
i do n't carry anything on my belt which might help me a bit .
the best part about this sub is that people will post nice shots but then ultra image snobs will try to shit on it yet it 'll still receive massive upvotes .
i feel like gideon first spell is n't showing the right range because sometimes i try to hit a minion wave that is in the circle but they are n't damaged i do n't know if anybody have feel that .
easiest way would be to upload everything to dropbox/google drive and make public but you would still have to give them a link to said files .
then again german battleships are n't known for fighting at long ranges are they ?
you 're looking at it the wrong way around .
this is definitely gon na make for a great song .
did some eqing but i think i might be need to do more .
in order to eliminate spam we require a minimum account-age and comment-karma .
these minimums are to deter spam and are not disclosed .
please try again after you have acquired more karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
no one gives a shit this has nothing to do with uw .
you could walk from lummy if you really felt like it .
cyclists do not have to dismount to use a crosswalk in seattle and they have the same right of way as pedestrians they only have to yield to pedestrians if present .
in all seriousness if you get caught maybe you can face some fine or something .
lol you just compared symmetra primary fire to a p90 ?
just because you typed it all edgy does n't make it any less false
he is a very good uk based seller and if you 're not in the uk it 's a light item so he 'd probably ship abroad .
beating people up for no reason is against the law so a cop ordered to beat people up would be legally justified in defying that order .
sorry i ca n't answer your question but like you said they 're all sharp .
i used a smooth '' derby to help scrape old shower caulking and inadvertently cut myself .
it 's so sad that this is primarily american .
another redditor recommended i save up with the google opinion rewards and i 'm looking into those apps !
corsair strafe if you have a thing for rgb led 's
time to take your tin foil hats and bow to the frankfurt office
imo from what i have seen smurfing stops being a major issue for legit new players after 5-10 games .
the system is pretty quick to figure out what skill tier you are at for unranked .
you can utilize those threads on days beside the designated ones .
a few of us pop in when we see a higher comment count than before .
you 'll just get a bit fewer eyes on it than posting on a fresh thread .
this doesnt relate to pvp at all though does it ?
can we get yuna with machinist 5 and catnip with it please ?
it seems like it 'd be confusing to play with .
are you saying being a naturalised citizen is more probative of cultural identity than being a natural born citizen ?
ie your parents as naturalised citizens are more australian than you who is only a natural born citizen ?
i know what it does and it does n't basically do that it does exactly that as for the sensitivity still does n't feel the same .
i understand that but do the believers think it is .
as a gay man how do you know if you have n't tried ? ''
how would he even know what is halal or not ?
it was a pic that talked about how guys want pussy to taste like fruits and paradise when their jizz tastes likes bologna and battery acid .
candies chocolate electronic goods make sure it looked used or else risk custom tax
ooooooooooooooookay but literally what i was asking about is why i seem doomed to fall into ldrs .
which has nothing to do with my previous failed relationships aside from the fact that i 've found myself single again .
agreed total waste of time watching all of this boring stuff imo .
i think that the mosin is very un-player friendly .
if you ca n't consistently hit headshots or contact off a second shot almost immediately you should n't use it .
in contrast the svu 's semi-auto mechanism and damage means that no matter if you hit the target or not you 're always ready to pull a second shot .
and then the obvious point that you can if daring enough use the svu in cqc more reliably than a mosin should you have to .
probably cuz without spoofing he has no reason to play the game
that website has zero mention of boss and one single mention of pdr
he 'll just call in an entire army of his guys again and they 'll act in the dumbest way possible so they all get blown up again
they were considered that they are stronger than all gotei 13 together .
i know it was once failed with 10 or more vasto lordes but it was said .
you ca n't be eddie lacy if you do n't be eating cheeseburgers
not against that honestly but then we do n't get to watch people pick fizz into apdo and i love watching that
in addition we ask if china would be willing to manufacture and sell the type 54a https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/type_054a_frigate frigate .
if built in china this will open up further jobs alongside the evident iranian payment to the chinese government .
as we are a both a member in the sco and a defensive ally of china we ask priority over other orderers .
let 's go boys take me out like on a date or with a sniper riffle surprise me
i love all the spices from india and wish more people used them .
open your eyes sheeple marvel is doing this so white people have leverage for when they replace black panther with tom cruise .
and buy the physical 308 addition when it comes out on i think september 8th .
it comes with a code for the maid/butler outfits .
wow this one made it to the front page !
personally now that the stranger things hype is dying down i 'd like to see it adapted into an 8-part miniseries on netflix .
i do but i kinda wish there was a way to scan a planet for life/climate/mineral scarcity before landing on it .
i do n't think i would go to every single toxic no life bullshit planet if i knew before hand that 's what it was .
you have to logically come to the conclusion that flaming is not productive in terms of climbing .
mute all helps a ton focus more on yourself and less on your teammates ' mistakes .
said to be julia edwards '' although neither karmadecay.com nor images.google.com showed anything backing that up .
my guess from the quality of photograph and the hairstyle is that this image is from the early to mid-seventies .
my summer vacation has been really really long almost 3 months and now i 'm looking forward to going back to uni i would even call it excitement .
i know i 'll change my mind 5 minutes into the first lecture though haha .
i was really high and had a five minute spiel of how i had to buy a bar because i 'd thought of the name cheers and it was genius
but there are already people selling accounts on social media .
i guess if there is a supply there should be a demand too right ?
that being said i have no idea why people buy accounts haha .
i mean you can brag to your friends that you completed the pokedex .
but there are many other great necromancer as well and many of theme are really good !
people have own playstyles and each has thier pros and cons .
i always believe there is someone with better play styles on necro .
and it is just not nice just to grant someone the title of best player '' etc .
that 's the beauty of cycling it does n't need much a bike but gives you a lot healthy exercise fresh air a means of transportation and a diverse community of fellow cyclists .
the key for safely sharing the road with cars is to be seen .
there can be scary situations especially with big trucks but a bit of caution will see you through them .
this is the best tl dr i could make original http www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/08/04/fbi-agent-apparently-egged-on-texas-terrorist.html reduced by 88 .
days before an isis sympathizer attacked a cartoon contest in garland texas he received a text from an undercover fbi agent .
quot it would certainly be inappropriate for an fbi undercover agent or cooperating witness to provoke or inspire or urge a person to commit an act of violence quot michael german a former fbi agent now at the brennan center for justice told the daily beast .
he was charged with conspiring to provide material support to isis .
the 35-year-old tried to recruit other americans to form an isis cell on secret compounds and introduced an undercover agent to one of the draw muhammad attackers according to the fbi .
extended summary http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/4ynewm/fbi_agent_apparently_egged_on_draw_muhammad faq http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 92343 tl drs so far . ''
theory http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords hendricks 1 undercover 2 agent 3 fbi 4 affidavit 5
would you happen to know which pins to tap with the screwdriver to power on the motherboard ?
khrysis on the boards with the heat instrumentals but every song has a rapper on it if you search it
a mod can remove a post which i have done already but only the op can delete it .
yeah the music especially the lyrics were the best part .
i credit el dorado with sparking an interest in poe and thereby in poetry in general .
been seeing a lot of people speaking poorly of lcz past few months or so .
i get it he did n't have his best of seasons but before that everyone made him out to be unreal .
still think he 'd suit arsenal well because he can run the channels and link up well .
it depends on the emphasis you place on that .
but you ca n't let it be her identity .
the fact that her father made the decisions he did does n't reflect her value or worth .
but if you treat her as special '' or different then that will lend to her feeling different .
i 've seen this right before your my very own eyes .
recognize and be sensitive to the fact that her did has done what he 's done .
but remember she has the same opportunity as anyone else .
and if you treat her different feel sorry for her then she will think she 's different and that will affect her identity .
hold her to the same standard you would a kid in a perfect position '' .
i think people do not like you c time to move on ?
he is usually a lot more quiet than this when he 's lying but we 'll see
sorry your account appears to be less than a day old .
if this is your first time on reddit please read the subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/trucksim/wiki/rules and try again later .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/trucksim if you have any questions or concerns .
this submission was automatically removed at u/sitonmyfacebook 's request and a message sent to the moderators .
if you have any questions about this please see the faq r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions or message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/imagesofnewzealand message=https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnewzealand/comments/4yndjz/panorama_of_chaffers_dock_wellington_harbour_new/d6p2ihb .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/imagesofnewzealand if you have any questions or concerns .
hey youhavetoknowme unfortunately your submission has been removed because it is a direct link to an image .
please review the rules http www.reddit.com/r/hearthstone/wiki/rules wiki_.2714_images_as_self-posts for posting an image !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hearthstone if you have any questions or concerns .
they do fight against any use of their ip though they have to to protect it and claim to be continuing to protect it .
they got a pokecrawl shut down at pax over them using the images .
guy juggling three tennis balls on his unicycle who hit an icecream van driven by an under-aged illegal immigrant
even though it isnt number 1 pattern or anything ?
it surely was a misplay but this is all about the challenge .
i never thought i 'd die fighting side by side with a patriot
whenever i think thrusters i am reminded of clusters .
whenever i think clusters i am reminded of bear complex .
i 'm dead but it still looks like this hurts ...
people care more about not being seen as racist way more than actually not being racist .
view all kinda racist people in this light and their behaviors will all make perfect sense .
i am thinking about getting this tank as i love the regular kv-2 .
can you one shot thing with he like you can with the kv-2 1939 ?
this crowd sounds like the llws crowd hahah thats fuckin awesome
before the idubbbz video was released on twitter i had no idea who sang it until i say idubbbs credit dane in the description .
the problem is republicans would n't dare try to make the aca work .
and democrats would n't dare admit it does n't .
what 's good for the goose and all that .
the guy tried to use a stick as a weapon '' dent chuckled still wish it went better though '' the giant continued to absentmindedly sort through the rack .
his eyes widened with surprise when he came across an item that might actually fit him .
with a bit of excitement he grabbed a jacket http imgur.com/a/w7hwn from its hangar .
he gave it a quick once over to make sure it wasn '' t too gawdy before trying it on .
the sleeves were a bit big but it otherwise seemed acceptable .
i do n't even know if he is taking the piss or not .
head mod on this sub does n't even know where the city that the club is based in is .
yeah this is just a case of both sides being in the wrong .
lochte for lying about his drunken escapades and the security for robbing lochte and company
do you get people that start late say 30-50 and get jobs at the big4 ?
are there people in their 70s holding decent software jobs that are not on the level of say linus ?
yes somewhere there is someone but that 's not really relevant if you 're 30 .
are there older people still working at big tech companies into old age ?
yes somewhere there is at least 1 person doing that but again it 's not relevant if you 're 30 .
for you older engineers out there do you find it difficult to keep up with all the new tech ?
no being older does n't make you a retard .
state nexus '' claims violate the interstate commerce clause of the constitution and i believe are clearly grotesquely illegal .
but please be a good little boy and steal from your customers to keep the welfare state politicians off your back !
could you expand on how the hesitations with sound effects works ?
also were you able to do any other games ?
the more i think about it the more unsure i am about including an audience improv section ...
i think i have two different shows in mind one for all ages music and one for 5-12 improv .
my musical improv style has mostly been to find something silly within the song and emphasize it .
the more practice i get the better i feel .
using suggestions from fb friends practicing at work where i nanny etc .
i got call of starseed zombie training simulator and tilt brush all for free on newegg
this is the best tl dr i could make original http www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/08/04/fbi-agent-apparently-egged-on-texas-terrorist.html reduced by 88 .
days before an isis sympathizer attacked a cartoon contest in garland texas he received a text from an undercover fbi agent .
quot it would certainly be inappropriate for an fbi undercover agent or cooperating witness to provoke or inspire or urge a person to commit an act of violence quot michael german a former fbi agent now at the brennan center for justice told the daily beast .
he was charged with conspiring to provide material support to isis .
the 35-year-old tried to recruit other americans to form an isis cell on secret compounds and introduced an undercover agent to one of the draw muhammad attackers according to the fbi .
extended summary http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/4ynewm/fbi_agent_apparently_egged_on_draw_muhammad faq http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 92343 tl drs so far . ''
theory http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords hendricks 1 undercover 2 agent 3 fbi 4 affidavit 5
are you concerned that it wo n't be able to outlast the competition now ?
personally my main concern is whether or not i 'll still be able to fulton goatz .
throw together a kit and head for one of several pre-determine locations to wait the whole thing out .
i thought they wore capes so that they could fly ?
it 's deflating because the only viable way to get a rare seems to be to buy a ticket to nyc and go to central park .
somewhere new only cuts it if you 're in a big city ...
honestly hybrid caused so much drama by himself that i do n't think anybody did n't have something that he did .
like trying to get rid of reck 's did or the thing with luna thing with everybody on the sub and crow and robin .
i 'm pretty glad he 's gone/completely exiled now .
that 's exactly how pachinko gambling works in japan because all gambling is illegal there .
a horrendously large number of dogs do it nothing to be worried about .
made friends and got invited to a house party .
we tried teaching them flip cup '' but they only had these tiny ass plastic cups .
best thing to do is sort your friend 's list by last login date ascending .
that 'll put anyone that has n't logged in recently at the top .
from there just prune down to 1 or 2 days since last login .
from there add more friends and either add fb friends or spend lapis to increase your friend limit .
its from the webstore upgrade kit for ultramarine shoulder pads i know as i 'm looking at it right now as i build some mk4s with ultra pads .
the national forensic service sent in noh hong chul 's blood test results this morning ... his blood alcohol content was above 0.1 . ''
you say that i 'm the one not arguing in good faith but all i 've done is accept your hypothetical situation and answer your question in a clear and straight-forward fashion .
you have responded by personally attacking me and claiming that i do n't care about my friends .
and now rather than deal with the inconsistent hypocrisy of your own choices you 're trying to project your shortcomings onto me and leaving the conversation in a huff of fake outrage .
which of course just demonstrates even more of your hypocrisy .
you may want to think on that a bit and try to do better in the future .
now is that time that i wish i didnt lurk so much and actually comment and use my account i will give it a try though .
buster being 0-4 is the only dim spot here .
if everyone gets bigger by one inch no one does .
the electoral college is not fundamental to this problem it 's more that most states pledge their delegates based on a fptp popular vote of the state population .
do n't really need porn or anything like that .
getting too much action despite being 57 days old .
kinda old but this is from a fish and wildlife https www.fws.gov/cno/refuges/donedwards/ccp-pdfs/appendix-k4_effectsofmosquitocontrol.pdf study .
the impact of reducing the density of mosquitoes in aquatic or terrestrial systems has not been studied .
generalist predators probably switch to alternate prey which in turn may be impacted by the increased predation .
the few specialist predators of mosquito larvae may be impacted the greatest due to the lack of alternate prey and/or the inability of such predators to uncouple from a closely evolved predator-prey relationship .
just secure your travel bags properly zippers small padlocks and be vigilant to your surroundings and you wo n't have any problem .
... and probably a bus to the hotel later on ... are there any places i should avoid wandering around especially at nights ?
i would suggest avoiding the area from omonoia square to vathis square .
but let 's say for a moment they are if you choose to live in an area remote from civilization do n't be shocked that you lack access to amenities of civilization .
it is easy fall to afterknowledge but they do n't have perfect reliable information .
yes it was mistake but not that simple as they ignored reports '' .
we can win boys dont worry klopp is gon na light a fire under the lads
do we have to rely on a klopp bollocking and coutinho wondergoal again ?
congrats you figured out what the definition of stereotype is
well if you believe in eugenics you probably believe that behavior is a result of genetics .
besides bad people have bad kids so genetic or not it is clearing out a bad line .
i hope there 's rci i do n't want to place individual buildings apart from services ofc
hey op said comments from the opposite sex so ... oh oh wait .
i 'm in the same situation except that i 'm the dad .
my soon to be ex wife had an 8 month old when we met and i 've raised him as my own he has no idea i even put my name on his birth certificate and he has my last name and i 'm terrified of when his mom tells him because i 'm scared of how and if it changes our relationship
seems like the entity did n't wanted you to get this perk right ?
at the end of the day i 'm just a filthy casual posing as a try hard .
they work well to attract hollywood to where they are offered ?
yes she is schooled at stanford and now lives in the usa .
the other greek medal he was born and raised in liverpool and it does n't matter .
greece needs something to celebrate very badly because of crisis tsipras and refugees .
you must live someplace weird because no regular person would come to that conclusion .
they just told me that it was then eventually admitted it was n't but that i still need the letter .
4k requires far more gpu power than cpu power relative to 1080p and the extra cpu requirements for 4k video are covered by that cpu overclock .
so effectively the relative performance of the gpu and cpu should stay the same as in the xbox one .
there is nothing more important for the long term survival of the human race than fixing the climate .
short term it does n't seem like a problem .
i have spent time in cars and trucks with all the options it 's not that much nicer .
it 's not that i 'm not paying attention or that i 'm not aware it 's needed .
nor am i suggesting it 's only his responsibility .
glad the cowboys can finally move on from that romo guy .
while we sleep our brain recognizes sounds but does n't process them because it 's already doing something else .
in particular if the sound is prolonged in time television sounds air conditioner etc .
as long as the sound is somewhat regular our brain ignores them letting us sleep .
when in our sleep we listen to a strong sound alarm a thunder glass breaking etc .
we wake up because our brain recognized that something near happened and it needs to see what happened .
also in the case of the alarm soon the brain link the sound to the action 'wake up ' so we wake up knowing what disturbed your sleep .
as later seasons would show ivanova and garibaldi are probably the two smartest best-connected people on the station .
any attempt at one to get one past the other is probably doomed from the start .
i only got mind-blowing drunk a couple of times after i learned this the hard way .
it took me a few times of talking to girls figure out that they were dtf within seconds of saying yes i am from the us . ''
i was there 6 weeks and had sex with 9 different women .
i think i could 've had a different one every day if i 'd done nothing but hang out in bars .
ren qian just won a gold for diving and she was born in 2001 !
we can be a valuable social support network but we can not take the place of trained professionals in cases where one is needed .
did you rinse brewing container and any tools you used and your hands with vinegar before ?
i washed the brewing vessel out with a mixture of vinegar and water .
additionally before handling my starter scoby and the one used to make the starter tea ... i only rinsed my hands with water no soap .
i guess somewhere here in the chain i contaminated the brew from the get-go ?
so stoked for both the new sodom and twilight force despite those bands being totally opposite from one another !
did n't he just say he was off the gear and never really liked it anyway ?
that being said he 's got some good genetics but i do n't think he 'll stack up against some of the most gifted manlets in bb .
our street lights are only 20 feet off the ground .
free refills of coffee coke etc and just how polite service staff are in restaurants uk based where we seem to get charged for everything staff are polite mostly
dead and waiting for that mercy with a fully loaded ult to never resurrect you ?
usb errors usually manifest as hdmi errors for the rift .
our defending is still and will always be fucking comical .
but he put it here first and this place has more subscribers and is overwhelmingly positive towards the grumps .
if they decided to downvote it off the page how is that his fault ?
he tried to make it as fair as possible .
where did this sneaky is bad in lane come from he dumpstered deft so hard that ssb banned lucian .
since be was added hack are less common they are still fixing problems tought i bought it when it was released and even with bugs and hackers i kept playing .
this game was for me more addictive than wow. about seasonpass use search engine to read how people fell about it like https www.reddit.com/r/rainbow6/comments/4yp2o4/does_anyone_else_feel_like_the_season_pass_is
do i have to pay if i live next to them without using their services ?
no that is the anarchist part of the equation .
you will have to find some other means of protecting your property .
the people around you might not particularly like you free-riding you understand .
if the dro collected it 's fees via land values that would be the georgist part .
even better if it 's profits go to it 's members or are available to shareholders .
this exists today in mutual insurance companies like state farm so it 's not novel .
in a pure ancap situation let 's say your land had a gold mine on it .
would n't you expect to pay more to protect it ?
it 's not unreasonable to think an ancap society could shake out in geoist terms .
i 'm so amazed how simple and effective kante is .
i knew he was good after watching him play during the euros but the impact he has on chelsea is just phenomenal i still wan na fabregas play even if just a little .
i really wanted to like five tribes but it 's just so bland and the decisions does n't seem all that interesting .
you 've got two choices ... a shady individual who is likely to lie ... and a fat man who wants to build a wall ...
in that same little area i was having a fight against 3 ppl who were clearly not that good at the game .
a red then did a plunging attack from above and killed all 3 of them .
typically the folks who watch those networks are people who ogle over blonde bombshells .
networks and outlets like fox news are more entertainment networks than actual news networks .
haha i 'm talking about the fire fighters responding to the call to get to the station .
a few have run half way down the road before realizing they 're in the buff .
my guess is beta at end or early 2017 and release sometime in 2018 .
jin grins and moves forward in her advancements slipping imp out of her dress ...
or you could say it 's awesome that it 's through the middle of the country so all 300 million americans can travel there within hours
seems to be an adder in the pictures from the number of windows in the front glass .
sex is a normal natural thing that everyone does .
you may get similar vibes but they are extremely different sonically .
oh man i 'm back in tribes with all its vintage memes .
i send you a complete ship you wish from my list .
there is n't a strong enough consensus of whether the man made factors warrant changes to our national policy that have large negative economic consequences .
i 'm curious about what the threshold is here .
what would be a strong enough consensus for you to decide we should act and how are you evaluating the current level of consensus ?
my webcam comes with a plastic flap that i can open/close .
all microphones should come with a push button to talk in my opinion .
there could even be a setting to change the behavior to push once to turn on and push again to turn off .
what the fuck bitch no etas i 'm doing what i can but i 'm only a student i have a life if you feel i 'm too slow then why dont you do it yourself you ignorant lazy fuck
it was just left handers ' day which means well meaning friends are posting videos like this https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=abnmsk_g9bm on my facebook wall video 's really cute actually !
but all this talk about our struggles '' made me start thinking about the things that are actually easier for us as left handers .
so easy to pay grab our food with our dominant hand well if you drive on the right side at least
credit card swipers the swiper part is on the right side but the pen is almost always on the left side .
to what extent should venus cool if it were moved to earth 's orbit and over what period of time ?
if mars were moved to the orbit of earth ?
ignoring other terraforming measures for those points but you can speculate about those too in addition
aftr beein lurkeer fo long tym eye feel lyk eye got 2 speak my mynd abot u guys .
eye tink u all r douchebags and r hurtin da barsek community wit yor pozts .
u disgrayc da amazeen wokr of barsek wit yor degeneratee pozts dat ar n't evn funknee at leazt 2 peeple wit iqs abov 40 and u mok da hard wokr dat moira put in2 his lyf 's wokr .
barsek ez an intelligen storee and deservz an intelligen fan base .
da god foot r tewwible fo instigatin dis trend of gabag .
u keep rehashwin jokez dat ar n't even funknee reap whors my gawd and mayk our cummunity lok bad .
ef u deletd dis subreddit u 'd do dis cummunity a hooge servic .
i used to love this game it was on original xbox .
it 's a turn based game where you have an army of creatures you pick ice fire earth etc and then when you land on the same space as another creature you go into a side by side combat and fight each other .
also each piece of land is a different type so you have an advantage if it is your type .
my friend said he swears he has seen a game just like that on steam but i have searched around for a couple years and never found anything .
i 've just decided to change all the licenses on my music from cc-by-sa to just cc-by so that more people can make use of them .
i 've got 40 video game style songs https www.youtube.com/playlist ? list=plye9mckwe2zy3kw8uk_3f7hvmjjjdqsqu right now on my channel and i do n't plan to stop growing that number slowly .
i 'd love to see my songs in your projects .
if you do use them in your project let me know so i can put a link to the project on my website http pennpierson.com/index.php/my-music-in-other-peoples-projects .
i end up making a lot of game prototypes and the music for them but never finishing them so i 'm always really happy to see any of my music used in outside projects .
i 'll also take some song requests from you guys if anyone wants a specific style of song .
i recently had someone request a pause menu track https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=wm7n825maaq and it seemed to turn out pretty okay .
you could link me to a song you want me to take inspiration from give me a general idea of what the song will be for or provide a more detailed description of what you 're imagining and i do n't have to do it in the electronic style .
if i get a lot of requests i 'll try to get to them all but it might take me some time my priorities are on my other projects but i love making music .
before submitting a question it 's recommended to visit the wiki https www.reddit.com/r/rimworld/wiki/index to check out a couple of user-made guides .
i know in other species eating poop is a sign of a lack of nutrition .
i was concerned on the first day they would be too stressed to be eating but they ate the flakes a gave them ... and then some .
btw they are guppies and may be pregnant if that affects the answer
im trying to get two more wins in this playlist before the end of the night and i 'm tired of playing with randoms .
tonight i have two contests for you for a chance at these prizes
scrap eevee/venusaur code or raw scrap redemption with custom language/date/nature 2 or more natures please winner u/davidxk11
scrap eevee/venusaur code or raw scrap redemption with custom language/date/nature 2 or more natures please winner u/xhasenthor
gardevoir code redemption with custom language/date/nature 2 or more natures please winner u/sparkfrost
gardevoir code redemption with custom language/date/nature 2 or more natures please winner u/regigigas29
post a caption to the image here http imgur.com/rndnpgf .
i will pick two favorites for one of the eevees and one of the gardevoirs .
fill in the blank to this sentence before my i always the .
again i will pick two favorites for one of the eevees and one of the gardevoirs .
please title your comment with contest 1 or contest 2 .
you can participate in both but make separate comments please .
i started a musa the other day level 54 so far but only 400 sp because i only grinded for like 6 hours max so far on this character as it was during xp event book of combat hand-me-down gear .
so it 's safe to say i have very few sp and wanted to ask some questions on how to distribute these properly .
i like having whirlwind cut maxed for the sp+dp debuff because i use it in between rising storms to regain sp and re-position around to the backside of mobs .
i do n't see myself getting rid of this .
i 'm maxing divider as i 'm focusing on pve for now and need the recovery .
have n't messed with any of the blind thrust tree as it seems like skill points that could be better spent elsewhere .
i have my chase maxed however i 'm wondering if i even need the ultimate ?
i do n't seem to be able to cancel rising storm or divider with this so i 'm curious if this is a waste of points for me until i have a bigger sp pool .
trying to work on maxing dragon claw and lunar slash at the moment as i 'm gaining more sp .
is it in my best interest for mainly pve farming to max this next ?
or should i be going for the blind thrust tree evasion passive first ?
i 've never tried tiger blade but i assume it 's not worth it due to the cooldown .
i have points in my bloomings but never seem to use it in pve over rising storm .
i could probably take those out and get them later when i 'm ready for pvp right ?
our people in orbit are saying the event is natural and not a result of something outside interfering with the planet .
there have also been reports of numerous smaller examples of these phenomena occurring outside our colony .
i remember 3 years ago when this realm was full and active
i wish they give us free realm changes in situations like this
so i just accepted the offer and i start my training the week after next .
i 'm really nervous about being able to remember drinks and i was wondering how to memorize drinks quickly .
i did a quick search but could n't find any solid answers ... what is the latest version of minecraft that thaumcraft 5 works with ?
i know thaumcraft 5 was made for 1.8 but does it work in 1.9 or 1.10 ?
i have 14 postcards that i would like to exchange !
i love the randomness so you can send me whatever you want to send .
whether it is something that you have been dying to send or something that has just been sitting on your desk for months lol .
4 margaret hamilton in her wizard of oz costume taken
10/11 i do n't know what to call these .
14 max beckmann painting due to a prior mistake this card already has an international stamp on it so please request this one only if you are not in the usa .
so let me know which you want or if you want me to pick !
i messed up backing out of the garage hurt both the car and the garage door .
should i get the study guide or companion book for ib chemistry hl and ib econ sl ?
yaknow i like to make posts about everything so let 's get this particular ball rolling ... .
i would like to announce that tonight the user cychoticcy will be released from the aether and returned to normal sov society .
the issue of his creaming and the terms of his release were decided amongst the current dukes and president of the federation .
a majority decision has the following conditions of his release set
cychoticcy will be barred from holding any government office in the federation or working for it in any way .
he will have to undergo enhanced security screening at all federation events and gatherings
make no mistake coaxtlan takes criminals seriously and will not tolerate treason .
cychoticcy is getting off relatively easy 48hours less time than i was pearled because he was an upstanding and hard working member of the community and he contributed a great deal .
and the number of the linking will be two .
edit went back this week and so far it 's been amazing .
in retrospect i think it was anxiety over being alone and dealing with roommates who were not right for me .
thank you to everyone who responded i just needed to rant i think it helped .
posted this in another thread https www.reddit.com/r/askdocs/comments/4ysowv/f20_intense_disassociationanxiety_when_i_go_back but i am adding it here as well because i want to know if anyone else has ever experienced anything like this .
before college i had a history of add and some mild depression mostly centered around lack of interest rather than experiencing deep sadness or hopelessness but this had improved dramatically by the end of my senior year .
before college the only medication i took was adderall as needed 2-3 times a week maximum .
i have no history of domestic or familial abuse a healthy group of friends well-liked self confident probably more so than a lot of people my age and excited to attend college .
the first day i stepped foot on campus i sensed something was wrong but i thought it was just anxiety .
however after a couple of weeks on campus i realized it was n't going away .
every time i set foot on my college campus i experience intense disassociation and anxiety for no discernible reason .
i feel like a shell of myself like an actor .
i find myself struggling to 'remember ' how i would act before like my actions in the present are n't really me .
i thought it was the social pressure of being at a new school and i 'm sure that contributed to these feelings but it was so much stronger than anything i had ever experienced .
i have gone away from home before many times and although i have felt shy and nervous i have never felt like i lost myself so completely .
i feel completely stripped of my personality like i am living someone else 's life .
because of these feelings i have become incredibly anxious and depressed my spring semester at college i missed several classes because i could not stop crying i feel hollow and miserable and i would have violent mood swings .
the strange thing is that as soon as i returned home these feelings would vanish almost immediately and i would feel like myself again .
a couple of months ago i returned home and they did n't go away when i came home for summer break it took several months of therapy and antidepressants before i began to feel normal again .
i 'm going home tomorrow and i feel like i am going to cry .
i am so afraid of going back to school and losing myself .
i have no idea how this could possibly be homesickness as i have never heard of anyone else losing themselves like this at college .
i do n't know what to do and even my therapist seemed to be at a loss for what i was describing .
i did not experience anything traumatic in the months leading up to or during my first month at college other than the move itself and i do n't know anyone else who has had this kind of intense reaction .
please help i am going back tomorrow and i have no idea what i 'm going to do .
the last two years have easily been the worst of my life and if i was n't so heavily financially invested in this school i would have transferred by now .
i have no idea what 's happening to me and i 'm terrified .
i am so happy at home i have a great life and great friends and i am absolutely petrified at becoming a shell of a person again .
i get tilting trolls and bad teammates game after game ...
i know people hate afk so much but bruh i swear to god i feel like i 'm going to pass out because i get so angry with people on this game and literally can not do anything about it ... .
i know my solution is to just link up with some other players who know what they 're doing so i do n't have to worry about it but i 'm honestly wondering if anyone else has this happen every single game or am i just unlucky as fuk .
i 'm just gon na build a teleportation machine and teleport to every baddie and troll and whoop dat ass hehe xd i 'm so smart
so my launch 6s 's battery was starting to be funny for instance it would shut off anywhere between 10-25 battery left and would not turn on until you plugged it in .
250 cycles and the battery itself was at 78 capacity as told to me by coconut battery .
so i just stopped by best buy where i got the phone and asked them if they could do anything .
of course i already knew the answer but what the heck worth a shot and i wanted to check out their sale anyway .
basically they told me that i needed to talk to apple about my problem .
it 's what i expected but the nearest store is almost two hours away but i said what the hell .
so after i got there i had an appointment made for 8pm which worked out for me .
tell the genius about my battery problem which he instantly remarked that it should n't do that .
when he ran through all his tests though everything came back clean except a report of my apps crashing .
and for some reason the settings menu was twitching which i never remember it doing before .
but he plays around with it some more and tells me that my warranty is up in 35 days .
i did not purchase apple care and that he could fix my problem right now and asked if it was alright if he just gave me a brand new phone .
well of course i was pretty happy with the outcome on that one as it looked as if i was going to have to replace the battery myself from the way he was unable to show anything wrong with it .
and in less than 15 minutes i went from semi-broke phone to a brand new one .
and it justified my trip to the store and my faith in their service .
6s battery basically dying with 35 days left of warranty .
instead of swapping the battery they just gave me a new phone right out the gate .
pretty stoked about the 4ish extraneous hour drive today .
now i 'm just waiting for that new 15 '' macbook pro ... .
i re-watched the intro a few times to see if there were any clues baked into the opening and a few frames stuck out to me ... many of the shots are too obvious to list here a shot of the drugs or cab or cat running along or prison cell
screen cap of frame with time stamp theory here http imgur.com/a/jy7au
aerial view of manhattan 0:15 this one may be just placed for creativity but an aerial shot of manhattan from a viewpoint no one has really examined ... just jumped out to me for some reason .
chain breaking 0:33 andrea 's necklace during sex with nas and/or breaking during a death struggle ?
re-watch the trailer for episode 7 and there is a shot of a gold chain similar in gauge and link style to this chain being broken .
shower head dripping recently used 0:55 a few cues link back to the shower when naz kicked that prisoner 21 times when naz showered in ep.6 w/o shoes ew !
and had a shard of glass held to his neck but what if this shower head is n't in the prison ?
what if its in andreas house going back to some of the posters ' theories here about nas showering the blood off ... maybe i 'm looking too deep into an obvious .
deserted street in queens 1:07 this street does not look like streets in nas 's home of jackson heights..its too industrial .
could this be perhaps where the stepfather lives also in queens ?
that or it could be a taxi dispatch from where naz 's father and associates drive out from .
feel free to poke holes or point out other shots that raise questions .
i just grabbed a few that stuck out to me .
chemical engineering major here just wondering if i will actually use the dvd/cd drive as it says through here http help.engr.uconn.edu/welcome/student-computer-recommendations ?
i 'm still figuring on a laptop to get because i 'm thinking on having one that 's slim and lightweight .
but i can always use an external dvd/cd drive .
and if you have any recommendations on which laptop i should get for the soe whether it 's mac or pc let me know !
right now i 'm looking at the hp spectre x360 .
last night i was visiting friends at a college end-of-the summer party .
a lot of my better school friends who i would n't be seeing for a while were there and it was a very friendly if somewhat intoxicated environment .
i came with my boyfriend of two years and while we 're very close we 're not glued to the hip at social stuff so we were mostly doing our own thang with random check in squishes because consensual squishing is the shit .
while we hang out a fair amount he 's always been excessively polite around me and i do n't think we 've had many deep conversations .
he 's known as being this super polite sweet dude who will go out of his way to help people out .
the night started out normally and rob kept on coming up to me to give me huge hugs .
he kept on telling me he loved me but he 's said that before and clarified that he meant in a platonic way and he was saying it to a few people so i did n't really make anything of it and i replied with a casual 'haha right back atcha my brah ' because i revert to frat speak when i feel awkward .
throughout the night probably every ten minutes he would come up to me and keep on saying it and reaching out to hold my hand .
at one point he said 'no you do n't understand i really love you ' very seriously and kind of grabbed my hips and when i tried to casually move his hands away he pulled me into a which involved back stroking i was wearing a backless tunic thing so it felt awko and his hands kind of went to rest on the side of my chest i guess ?
i was also a bit intoxicated and this was the first moment i realized that this was n't a platonic thing .
i think i advised him to get some sleep and sober up and went to find my boyfriend .
the rest of the night i spent avoiding him holding him at a distance when he tried to hug me not holding his hand telling him i needed to go and he needed to get some sleep .
my boyfriend tried to help by distracting him talking to him but he was also pretty far gone and rob would n't stop seeking me out .
it got to a pretty ridiculous point and i wanted to leave without causing a scene so i asked my friend lea if i could hang out in her room until my boyfriend wanted to go he was playing games with some friends he would n't see for a long time and i just texted him to let me know when i was ready to go .
lea is one of my closest friends and is also friends with rob so i was telling her how i felt uncomfortable and did n't really know what to do when there was knocking at the door .
the party was in a dormitory like building and each door has a punch combo lock .
we hear someone trying to punch in the combo .
she asks who it is and it 's rob .
she tells him she 's changing and he stops punching the combo .
15 minutes later knocking and combo punching starts again .
the thing is he was never given her room combo .
so it sounded kind of like he was trying to powerpunch it in .
and apparently lea heard later that that whole time he was just waiting outside for me..
he did n't say anything about wanting to talk it kind of just seemed like he was still following me .
at this point i 'm feeling really uncomfortable and upset .
i leave with my boyfriend and rob is calling and rushing after me .
honestly i feel like a lot of this is my fault .
i did n't initiate anything but i did let him hold my hand a few times and reciprocated hugs until it started to reach an uncomfortable level .
the even more fucked up thing is that he is in a long term relationship 3 years which is why i never saw this coming .
i heard from a mutual friend that he says he blacked out last night and does n't remember anything .
but i 'm kind of unsure about how to start this .
i think that i need to tell him how things got weird last night how i was uncomfortable and how i would need a break from this friendship .
because i do n't like the idea of having a platonic relationship with someone who has romantic feelings .
also maybe that he needs to be more fair with his girlfriend and i feel that he 's projecting his unhappiness with their relationship on me somehow which is n't cool he made a lot of comments about how i 'm perfect and weird put-you-on-a-pedestal comments that kinda made me mentally go da fuq do you know me ?
also my friend lea who saw a lot of this texted me this morning that she 's pretty alarmed by how he was acting and that she does n't think i 'm safe .
are there any further steps i should take and do you think a let's-take-a-break-as-friends '' conversation is the way to go ?
my boyfriend thinks i should talk to him and is also willing to pull him aside and have a discussion with him about how this is n't okay lea thinks that as shitty as it is rob might take it more seriously hearing it from a dude .
this whole things has really got me on edge and i 'm really torn between feeling uncomfortable and feeling like i 'm making a whole big deal about a small thing .
side note this also is n't the first time he 's pulled something similar to this though the first time i realized there was anything romantic involved .
a year ago he basically would not stop following me at a party even though at a point i was begging him to leave me alone .
every conversation i had that night i would turn around and he would kind of just be there not socializing but like 'guarding ' me or something .
it was a kind of risque party and my boyfriend was n't there and he told me he was just watching out for me b/c there were sketch people there .
at the time it made sense even though i had a pretty serious discussion with him after telling him that it 's not okay to continue to follow someone and that it was completely disrespectful to think i could n't handle myself to that extent .
i 'm a very responsible drinker and never asked him/invited him to look out for me in that way .
he agreed to be better about it in the future .
tl dr things got weird with a friend unsure of an appropriate way to tell him i need a break .
looking for anyone willing to help me evolve the following pokemon
and if someone would also be willing to do trade backs for the following
my friend and i being your audience seemed to get you only a warning .
i like some good entertainment while enjoying a nice smoke .
i would like to know how game companies and developers can constantly get away with deliberately deceive and lie to customers and buyers .
there are many other 's and it looks like since no one is held responsible no matter how many articles are written the cycle will continue .
hi i generated a 1024x500 terrain water and it generated some smooth terrain under it .
how can i only generate water without any smooth terrain underwater ?
using ds4 here and the controller does n't work .
i tried ticking the hide ds4 controller box but then a message pops up saying warning could not open ds4 84:17:66:05:04:7c exclusively .
you must quit other applications like steam uplay before activating the 'hide ds4 controller ' option '' even though steam is turned off and i do n't play ubisoft games .
for modest mouse i usually softball them in with float on but then progress to styrofoam boots/it 's alright on ice and 3rd planet .
can i watch nate diaz vs mcgregor with ufc fight pass that i just purchased ?
i work in bay area for one of the startups as a sr dev .
often times i have noticed that i am good at finding solutions and i am fascinated by new and risky approaches to solve a problem .
obviously this does n't work out in startups as they do not want to take risk based on one engineers fancy of a new tech or way .
i am thinking perhaps i should go back to school and write for a masters instead so that i can be free of these constraints and then decide what i can do in near future .
so i 'm looking into other post battle war songs and ceremonies from around the world .
i 've been reading about navajo ceremonies for veterans and i 'm looking for something similar .
currently it only displays the rank you happened to be at when the season ended with no mentions about what your highest rank during that season was .
you can see this for yourself by checking your competetive season 1 stats in the ptr .
career profile in ptr http i.imgur.com/ta2imy9.png rank locked as your rank at end of the season
it gives such a satisfying/interactive feeling compared to just pressing buttons .
seriously i would love it if nintendo put a master sword attachment to the wiimote to make it feel more immersive .
the only issue is it 's much easier to tire one 's wrist out when first getting used to said mode or had n't used it in a while .
hey guys so i have an ak ch pattern id 809 and was wondering what it would look like with a cloud9 kato 2015 holo behind the wood .
there is a little strip of gold there and im wondering if it would cover it or not .
i 've been traveling for six months but am sticking around this area for a job well into october .
b/o is 26keys but i prefer that butterfly or equal prized knives
2 years ago i had a pixelmon server running version 3.0.1 .
we eventually stopped playing but now want to return to the game with the newest version .
i 've installed the new forge server version and tried to copy the world '' folder in .
unfortunately this causes issues and refuses the start up the server .
is there any way i can use the old world '' data with the new version or will we have to start again from scratch ?
i dj live on air for a 35 minute mix show every week day and the new program director is hounding me for using too much edm '' and too many remixes '' of songs .
it 's a top 40 station so any record pool that offers something for that format would help a ton .
currently using bpmsupreme and djcity as my main sources right now .
whenever teams get a break between matches in a series they usually go outside to eat food and talk to the the support staff .
my question is why do some teams like c9 and tsm get the nice picnic table with the umbrella http i.imgur.com/vhoeajk.jpg while imt is busy eating on the floor of a parking lot http i.imgur.com/bdqcnos.jpg or a random staircase http i.imgur.com/jh6myqv.jpg and i believe nv were next to shipping containers during their breaks last week .
it does n't really seem fair at all to me at all .
i 'm need 3 red ss cards to finish my set can someone help ?
will trade dupe reds or multiple blue ss or a combination .
me and a fwb have never bothered with sex while she 's on her period but she gets incredibly horny and has always wanted to do it any tips to deal with the possible mess ?
maybe they heard that emma watson was gon na visit .
doing anything about it is considered racist nowadays unfortunately .
i 'm curious to try these but not sure which one to begin with .
i 'm in australia so fingers crossed i 'll be able to find your favourites .
ok so i 'm someone who likes to drink and one night was getting taken home by some mates and i snapped a pic of this https imgur.com/a1q9bsd i 'm pretty sure it 's a mercedes but could anyone tell me what it actually is it has stumped me and there is some reddit gold for whoever can help
transgender woman 's mutilated body found burnt in istanbul street https reddit.com//r/europe/comments/4yt7xh
it has been done ... time to go for 1 million on nasus
first of all i 'm sorry about my last post lmao i was definitely having some weird side effects from the medication .
i talked more in depth to the doctor that prescribed it and was told to stop taking it immediately .
like i mentioned briefly i wore a binder out of the apartment for the first time and it was ... super chill .
i felt totally normal and at ease and not uncomfortable at all .
i 'm sure there will be plenty of weird moments but it was really cool to get off to such a good start .
i also placed an order for a tiny wardrobe of dude clothes !
it wo n't be here in time for my own classes but i 'm hoping it will show up before my first day of work !
i 'm also trying to baby steps come out to more people .
i 'm hesitant to talk to my parents again just yet but i told my cousin since she 's just starting college and telling me all her feelings about that and also will be staying with me over thanksgiving anyway .
so my brother 's got a contact in the us to buy stuff off amazon and send it over for a small fee and i 'm thinking of upgrading my monitor m kb .
i know nothing about monitors i 've had the same monitor since i bought my pc a syncmaster 940nw so any help would be appreciated !
off-topic i recently bought an ssd following some advices here in pcmr best investment ever !
i loved this concept enough to actually put my keystrokes where my mouth is .
a virgin and her promiscuous friend have a heartfelt conversation while walking home from a concert one making her feelings about the other known .
they are then picked up by a bunch of guys in a large van and proceed to fuck themselves silly .
the girls cuddle in the aftermath and talk about their future .
big fake tits mainly and everything spirals from there !
i normally am a pretty willing whore and not much for being tricked to suck or fuck .
cause why would a bimbo turn a cock or pussy down !
now that you know more about me i wanted to take this part of this post to say what i am looking for .
i am looking for rps that are built on us discussing what we want .
i want to world build and have fun with imagination .
i also want to point out that i rp in first person .
my partner can rp in what ever person they want .
also i would like to touch on post length .
so i would appreciate that my partner can too !
i 'm not talking a novel but paragraph at least !
i promise you would n't be disappointed if you write more !
it can really kick my creativity up a notch !
i like playing out the parts of scenes that are n't sex .
those can be sexual but we need to make the sex mean something !
so let 's break it up a bit some times !
one other thing i ca n't get behind is first meeting rps .
i 've been at this a good while so doing a meet and feeling each other 's char out can really slow things down .
bathroom stuff incest kids gore death most animals diapers .
titfucking oral latex rubber vac beds leather slutty clothes bondage d/s m/s degradation humiliation cum ! toys sexy heels fake tits aliens monsters enslavement futa tentacles oviposition overly sexual plots hypno mind control brainwashing ... and that is just the tip of the tits ... .i mean iceberg !
i am on the hunt for some futas especially domme futas !
below are some sample ideas but you will interest me more if you have a new idea !
i tend to act like a spring board by kinking up ideas brought to me !
do n't be shy either as i like more whips and chains than innocent school girl if you catch my drift .
ideas bimbo bunraku sports/rap ho bimbo wedding tentacle hive victim yakuza gang leader futa only brain slug scene slave bimbo to a dominatrix lesbian girlfriends super bimbo slave stripper hooker gynoid latex sexdoll hucow hentai gal/doujin gal.please take these as suggestions .
i do n't want all of one or the other !
i have many pictures and galleries of bimbos so if you need a visual aid just ask !
cleared out some friend slots i 'm looking for mainly sumire beach meimei friends so i can start running them more often
other leads i have are xiangmei yomidra a.lakshmi a.sakuya and more !
so feel free to add me always looking for new friends d
any thoughts on how i could go from a op sup to sales manager
i recently got a job where i recover corneas from organ donors .
it 's a cool job but i 'm done training now and out on my own and being in a bunch of different morgues alone freaks me the fuck out .
i already have an anxiety disorder and i keep getting panic attacks in the morgues .
it makes my hands shake like crazy which seriously affects the quality of my work .
i 'm thinking about asking a doctor for pills to help until i get used to it but i 'm not sure if it 's a good idea because of how addictive they can be .
or if i 'll come off as a junkie .
any advice from people who know more about anti anxiety medications would be appreciated .
everyone keeps saying something along the lines of huhi vs. bjergsen ?
good luck ... '' with the same air of he-is-so-outclassed-i-can't-even ... .
in my opinion huhi is not the poor player that people seem to think he solo-killed jensen a few weeks ago and holds his own in pretty much every game he is n't getting dove .
and in the past he 's laned against faker and done just fine .
i mean sure is bjergsen pretty much indisputably the best mid laner in na ?
but huhi has more than proven he has a spot on this stage .
plus he 's just about the most likable person in the universe xd
i will be taking 5 off because i 'm camping at an island .
just wanted you guys to know why i might not respond if you guys message me .
please let me know of any new changes in the comments private message or my gmail
i was thinking of buying the xiaomi redmi pro but do n't know whether or not the front of the gold version will be white or gold .
the pictures i see suggest both of them but i do n't know which one is true .
so i have a nexus 5x and i only use the charger that came with the phone .
i line in a country where we do n't have google store and nexus phones are bought by certified or not certified retailers .
how do i check for a faulty charger and where do i buy a good one ?
saitama was on his way to a grocery store sale in sokovia but the avengers destroy it while fighting ultron .
he 's now pissed that he ca n't buy his cheap groceries and wants to fight the mcu avengers everyone from civil war movie .
i now have at least 164000000 experience points in the construction skill .
my companion and i am looking for a couple of fine dining options .
price is not an issue and we like all cuisines but prefer not to be overstuffed .
so far we have 4 evenings and 1 lunch .
we were thinking of doing the ledbury hkk gymkhana story and unsure about the lunch .
we 'd like to be find unique gastronomic experiences in london .
the ledbury is a sure deal we think but is hkk and gymkhana the best chinese/indian ?
we 'd like something not too heavy or long but sufficient to last us the rest of the day fly back that day .
i am from shopawl.com and we are looking to add custom t-shirt mugs leggings pillows posters and phone cases service .
it means you can design everything by yourself and then we process it and ship it to you .
you have to pay in bitcoins or any altcoins .
so i have been using the rhino horns striker certified item keeps track of shot on goal and yesterday i had 50 s.o.g it changed name to capable striker '' or something .
then i come on today and it 's no longer capable striker .
i dont know if this is a glitch or it is meant to happen .
so i just brushed it off and played some games .
i got 38 more s.o.g and then when i come back on around 3-4 hours later i have 33 .
i am confused as to why the amount decreases .
is it like 5 stats every certain amount of hours you dont play ?
it 's been months since the red skull 's defeat but all it 's done is make him angry .
now he seeks revenge on captain america and the avengers !
using what 's left of hydra the red skull stages a mass breakout freeing every villain trapped in the academy .
now the newly formed masters of evil are set to destroy the avengers !
how to play defeat the enemies roaming the campus to gain resources to recruit and rank up the new event-only characters .
iron man wasp event-only characters and a hero from a previous event who it is depends on the villain can fight the masters of evil and their minions .
to fight a boss you will need 1 cell key to send in 1 hero .
villains can be recruited even if you do n't have their cell but each of them will have a unique action in the cell if you do have it .
as the academy prepares for war they find themselves being attacked by legions of lawyers .
recognizing the kingpin 's forces daredevil decides to lend a hand .
however once the kingpin arrives he willingly surrenders and asks to join the academy in exchange for his freedom .
never one to give up an opportunity nick fury accepts .
meanwhile baron zemo is upset that red skull stole his ‘masters of evil ' idea and wants revenge .
recruit the baron in a limited-time discount offer to help stop the masters of evil .
as the lawyers disappear a familiar red goo returns to the campus .
carnage and the symbiotes have returned but luckily so has spider-man .
defeat carnage 3 times to recruit him when the episode ends and 7 times to fully rank up him and spider-man .
also the leader returns to the academy bitter that red skull did n't want him to join the masters of evil .
he offers his help to the avengers in stopping their reign of terror .
after the symbiotes are defeated a portal opens in the sky .
chitauri invade the academy with ronan the accuser leading them .
deciding they need help star-lord offers to fight ronan .
defeat ronan 3 times to recruit him when the episode ends and 7 times to fully rank up him and star-lord .
aim iron man suit iron man damage and health x2
having been betrayed by his allies the red skull has no choice but to attack the academy on his own .
seeing hydra invading the academy black panther offers his skills to the avengers .
defeat red skull 3 times to recruit him after the event ends .
defeat him 7 times to fully rank up him and black panther .
arnim zola a hydra scientist also extends his service to defeat red skull if only to humiliate his former bully .
okay so earlier i woke up around 10 pm to the scariest shit ever.. nope was n't the first time it happened but each time it gets scarier !
so this time i was really tired so i figured i would take a late nap .
i 'm a night owl and easily stay up to 4 am every night .. get up early but sometimes it catches up to me.. so i layed down .
my son was in the kitchen making him a snack .
i drift off into this wierd dream.. about demons and dead ppl..
did n't really scare me as i was aware it was a dream but i also knew i had slept longer then i intended and decided enough was enough .. thats when shit got crazy !
.. as all the other times i am aware that i am almost awake .
i can hear the video game my son is playing a few feet away and even heard his voice .
but then i hear another voice its like i 'm drifting from the dream to reality ...
but i could n't wake up it was like something did n't want me to !
i was more awake than anything and began to get scared when i realized i could n't move !
i was laying on my stomace hands at my side and i could n't move .
i kept trying and it felt like my whole body was shaking ...
i could finally move my head a little and grunt and suddenly i got my sons name to come out in pieces like broken syllables ..
i heard my son say yes '' ... i wanted to scream help me '' but did n't want to scare him.. finally it felt like something released me and i could move ...
yes it 's happened before even worse but never that long ... has this happened to anyone else ?
first time it happened i was lying in bed with my son one morning .
he was younger and i could hear the birds chirping and i could hear the television playing back then i could n't sleep without the tv on i got up and checked the time .. wow that 's early .. lay back down for a few .. wake up shortly after samething.. wierd why ca n't i stay asleep ? ..
try again and this time it feels like somebody is standing next to my bed.. like have you ever woke up and immediately known you are not alone ?
like yeah my son was there but i felt his body right next to me .
i heard demonic voices in my head .. and i was freaking out .
i thought god please help me '' and i opened my mouth to scream and another voice came out speaking in tongues.. idk maybe it was in my head but as soon as it happened i was released and terrified .
my then 3 year old son told me he had a dream a man was standing next me by the bed !
i lived alone but in a complex .. three other apts inside my building..
at first two men ..sounded like it was coming from the buildings hallway .
then two woman arguing but they were inside my apt !
sounded like one was near the front door the other .. maybe in my bathroom.. they are having a screaming match like mother and daughter idk i just felt like thats what they were.. but the worst part is i never felt afraid just upset cause i wanted to sleep .
so i got up turned my radio on i can never sleep with music playing btw but turned it way up and went straight back to sleep.. woke up and realized wtf ! ! !
why was i okay with that happening ? ? ? ?
i also wake up sometimes and see millions of spiders or ants on the ceiling and watch them scurry to a tiny hole until they are all gone ... that i am actually use to seeing smh..what is wrong with me.. has any of this happened to anyone ?
with automation and billions of people joining the global market more jobs are moving online .
some call this transition as the 'gig economy ' .
it would n't make any sense to use local currencies because of conversion fees and added inconvenience .
for the global market to operate properly a stable trustworthy global currency must be in place .
in the new emerging economy bitcoin has the opportunity to take the role of the global currency .
roughly speaking this the market bitcoin is aiming to overtake
broad money includes coins banknotes money market accounts saving checking and time deposits 80.9 trillion
people will be able to use it for regular needs but also as a store value for a long term .
it should provide a real alternative to gold 7.8 trillion .
c. the reality where machines can operate autonomously and transfer value between themselves is only achievable using smart contracts .
machines will own themselves and you will only pay for operating costs no company will be able to compete with autonomous self-owning machines .
with the invention of smart contracts it means that machines can transact between themselves they can own a wallet they can pay money to other machines for services they can rent themselves for the highest bidder .
for example if a car owns itself you the consumer will only have to pay for the operating costs of the car .
no middle man will take a cut for the service you will get all the benefits of owning a car without all the burdens that come with it .
now because there will always be some people that prefer to pay a little extra to ride a new car it will enable the new cars to pay the manufacturer fee in order to become financially autonomous in the future .
when fees are paid in full by the consumers the manufacturer will have bigger profit by selling it to an autonomous corporation that operates on zero profit rather than selling it for parts .
the same model can scale to factories and if you want to go a step further to smart cities .
according to cisco the internet of everything has a 19 trillion potential .
each time you 'll purchase something you 'll automatically become a shareholder in that company and will receive dividends .
you will be able to rent trade and split ownership on the most secure blockchain bitcoin blockchain .
apps will manage your portfolio on a decentralized exchange .
each and every purchase will become an investment opportunity .
they think there will be no jobs in the future .
the maintenance of our biological existence will be cheap because of how resources will be managed by machines .
most of our time will be spent in vr .
money will be a way to manage attention of others because attention is a scarce resource .
propagation of information or culture will have a price tag .
if one wishes to advertise their ideas and values one will have to pay directly for attention .
the way i see it the new dynamic will be that of creating of ideas designing vr/ar being paid for creativity being paid to create tools that can minimize the lag time between imagination and reality and being paid for attention to listen to the ideas to participate in different worlds to play .
bitcoin will provide the necessary layer of digital scarcity .
a layer that will enable people to create fungible digital assets .
that means that all digital goods will be attached to digital assets and treated as commodities .
all commodities will be traded on a decentralized exchange backed by the most secure blockchain .
centralized solutions will be too unreliable and too expensive .
other blockchains will not be able to compete with the network effect and security of bitcoin blockchain .
d. a scarce resource such as bitcoin derives its ' value from the utility it provides .
the more use cases bitcoin has the higher the value it will have .
bitcoin will not hard fork in order to include the complex smart contract capabilities .
hard forks are extremely risky community splitting and should be avoided at all cost .
sidechains would never be able to provide the security of the main blockchain simply by design .
peter todd merge mined sidechains have some really ugly security issues your funds can be stolen in a reorg attack .
embedded consensus systems like counterparty are as secure as the bitcoin blockchain .
there 's a lot of stuff that 's better done with the much simpler colored coin technology but equally there 's a lot of stuff colored coins just ca n't do for technical reasons .
in short if you want to play around with ethereum-style smart contracts in a decentralized system you need a token of value like xcp.
the only rational solution is to build on top of bitcoin .
jeff garzik '' counterparty already implemented ethereum lang on top of bitcoin block chain .
counterparty proved to have a solid track record since 2014 .
the whole move fast and break stuff philosophy does n't work when you 're dealing with money .
soon smart contracts will be introduced into bitcoin ecosystem without compromising its ' security .
there will be no reason to risk your money in an insecure environment when you 'll be able to use smart contracts at the highest security possible .
unlike other blockchains counterparty actually being backed by bitcoin security .
when value is transferred on counterparty bitcoin must be used for fees .
each transaction that is made on counterparty platform is adding value to bitcoin .
counterparty already has a decentralized exchange and a powerful asset management platform in place .
i think the majority of people here understand what it means to have a decentralized exchange that can eventually scale and make centralized exchanges completely obsolete .
all things will become connected to a super cloud .
this will eventually replace internet services such as google and facebook .
with the super cloud we will be able to overcome the dangers of data centralization and replace the business model of advertising privacy abuse and outdated intellectual property laws with frictionless micro transactions .
storj a technology that uses counterparty platform is the beginning of that .
you 'll be paid in micro transactions by simply renting the bandwidth and disk space of your stuff .
micro payment solution will open the door to all the things i 've mentioned and more and it is being implemented as we speak .
assets that can be attached to digital and non-digital commodity a robust decentralized exchange micro payments that can scale to manage the new emerging economy and the super cloud all of that are tools that are being built on counterparty platform today .
a positive feedback loop with which each additional layer that is built on top of bitcoin will increase its ' network effect and thus get it closer to position itself as dominant and most trusted currency there is .
e. we are in the very early days of crypto .
let me say this the first currency to dominate the smart contract market will become the default global currency .
there is no reason not to use a currency as regular money and use a different type of crypto for smart contracts .
this will just create unnecessary complexity which the market will go against sooner than later .
the crypto that provides what the market needs will win and will be used for ordinary transactions as well as store of value .
if ethereum dominates the new emerging market it will be used for all the things bitcoin was supposed to be used .
in fact coinbase a company that is funded by ‘smart money ' already treats ethereum as a currency .
the whole facebook/myspace comparison already became a cliché but it has a grain of truth to it .
willing to admit it or not ethereum is in direct competition with bitcoin .
in the end of the day no matter if we 're called bitcoin maximalists or not make no mistake about it there is only room for one global currency .
tl dr this post is a summary of the previous discussions i 've had here .
i have a question about the war game event when you pick the war focus .
sometimes i get the event immediatly and sometimes it just wont pop up .
i had a look in the event file but couldnt really make out what the trigger was .
is it just a mtth or can you speed it up with certain conditions ?
i got the golden shurikens for genji and tried putting on the chrome skin and all the yellow highlights on his sword were changed to the original green
tried carbon fiber as well and again all the blue highlights on his sword are changed to green .
how can you nerf genji when this glaring issue already exists ?
fda laws that we all thought would never pass have been set in place and the u.s vaping scene is already a shell of what it used to be .
as a direct trickle on effect these laws will undoubtedly change the way we vape in australia .
we are already seeing big name juice and hardware companies starting to manufacture and sell their products from china which has clearly at some level effected the quality of these products jaybo limitless etc .
but my main point here is nicotine and the effects it may possibly have on our very own undeveloped industry .
i 'm having a hard time not viewing nicotine as the bullet that might finally send our industry down the same route as the u.s.a .
once we have it are we not sealing our fate as a tobacco product ?
does that not give way to the worlds leader on cigarette taxes to then tax the absolute hell out of our liquids ?
since the u.s has now successfully re-scheduled all vaping products as tobacco products what makes you so sure that our country wont do the same ?
look at the financial advantage to the government if they do classify eliquids and hardware as tobacco products not only will they be priced higher but they will get increasingly more expensive over 4 times a year .
do we have so much faith in our govenment that they will let us have our cake and eat it too ?
do you think the benefits of selling nicotine in vape shops would outweigh the negatives ?
if so what do you think the extent of those negatives will be and why ?
do you think if we do n't push for nicotine and continue to exploit the nicotine loopholes we will somehow avoid heavy regulation ?
i 'm sorry if im throwing a lot of questions around without any real substance but i feel like we should at least be talking about it and quite possibly predict some negative outcomes that we are n't quite worried about just yet .
i 'm worried that our blind desire to have nicotine in our liquids will have far more negative consequences that any of us are actually ready to deal with just yet and with our governments history of sweeping in legislation before anyone has a chance to raise a finger i think we should start talking sooner rather than later .
i know i 'm gon na get downvoted for this but after my first few games of titanfall 2 i think that bounty hunt is better than attrition from the first game .
after months of refusing to download the line app because chat apps kind of annoy me i 've finally decided to join the club and download it .
i noticed that there are 2 versions line and line lite .
the description of line lite says the two programs can exchange messages and photos for free with line lite and line users .
'' so i know they are compatible with one another .
basically i rather have line lite but is there some feature that i need the full version for ?
i 'm looking for a domme who likes humiliating her subs .
some of my favorite topics to be humiliated about are my tits my fat and my ass .
i 'm very open to other kinks and scenes .
i wanted to get in touch with you i saw you for a brief second tonight but my friends were in the process of leaving so i had to run .
avoiding names but i 'm sure that 's enough info to figure it out
if anyone reading this may know the guy direct him here if you can !
medium height though maybe like medium-tall brown hair somewhat skinny glasses wearing a baseball hat .
edit thought of something else that may help identify !
he 's originally from cali and is here for grad school .
was there with or at least knew a few other guys there that night .
sat with me for a bit on poke-island then ran off in a friend 's car to track a dratini 4:30 am-ish ? .
would it be possible to control an ms-20 mini volca bass ju-06 and jx-03 with one midi controller keyboard and a 1 in 4 out midi box ?
hello my name is allen i like doing sports playing video games and eating baked goods ever since i was a young boy i have always wanted to reproduce like a piece of bread .
now you may ask how can you do such a thing ?
well i do n't know you see im the only one in my family that 's of bread gender which means i ca n't reproduce cause bread reproduce with family members .
you see it 's tough being a piece of bread as i ca n't find love if im only attracted to the big juicy loaves that i wan na join in on .
im currently trying to fund a dating website for my people why is this important ?
because i wan na find my people talk to them learn from them and a bit more .
thank you all for listening and im happy to share my true sexuality .
so i recently posted that i was pregnant and bleeding .
went for beta first went from 26 to 54 then only to 65 so dr assumed miscarriage and ordered me to stop taking the progesterone .
i srarted bleeding again for a few days then stopped .
went for another hcg 300 and now 606. drs now suspect ectopic .
i have no pain or bleeding so we are waiting a few more days until my hcg would be 1500 if still doubling appropriately and will do another u.s .
this will be my 2nd ectopic in a row if it 's the case .
i am trying to hold out hope that maybe it 's just too early and they will see something in my uterus this time but with the road we have been on it is unlikely .
my lining was thin 5 so i 'm not holding on to much hope but i still have some am i stupid ?
i 've been thinking of two things which makes the xyz anime arc relate directly to sun and moon but still this is pure speculating .
it is the main link between xy the xyz anime arc and sun moon .
although zygarde complete only takes two cores to form in the anime as opposed to five in the games
the super water shuriken that ash-greninja pulled off in the league could it be possible that this is the anime 's way of introducing z-moves ?
cross that with the z-move activation method shown at gamescom the normal z-move is activated by selecting the z-move button and then the move from which it draws its power from .
could giant orange water shuriken be the z-move form for water shuriken ?
feel free to agree/disagree in the comments section below obviously .
looking for a semi-serious team to play in some tournaments with .
i am looking for a team that has a relaxed schedule but is looking to play in the sunday weekly and other tournaments in .
i 've played a season of competitive ugc highlander as a sniper and have a few seasons of competitive csgo in various leagues too .
16 years old dps/flex main looking for semi-serious casual team
so are we going to have a wwiii or is this just gon na be retracted and forgotten because everyone decides it 's stupid and they do n't want war ?
because i would gladly go for a massive conflict in europe .
sylveon was obtained through a passerby trade she 's really neat i just would like to raise one of my own .
100 6iv 31/31/31/31/31/31 female dream ball ha pixilate nature calm mischievous pokerus=yes-not contagious blue pentagon eng ot f i l a y id no .
seeking ha dream ball if possible not a huge deal 6iv shiny female preferably modest/calm
i am looking for a company to package a few things i have that i need to ship .
i tried pack n move once but their quality of work was n't great .
i need stuff to be wrapped cushioned boxed etc .
i spent 1225 and got senbon and sode but so far my sode is at level 100 and tree stuck at 66 while senbon is 6 at level 95 lacking 2 byaks to complete all skills .
i love the spark in senbon 's attacks due to his extended range and his massive nad but i wonder why the hype surrounding sode .
she has range and speed should i replace szayel.. ?
can we safely say that sode and tobiume are better pvp characters than senbon.. ?
i have no idea what to do with my life .
i would love to talk with someone just willing to listen to be completely honest .
it 's been years since i was actually able to vent about my life comfortably but now after staying up through the night .
after going through all previous photos i 've had and not quite analyzing my life but almost being a third-party onlooker .
i think i can see a dimly lit road ahead .
doubtful anyone will respond but it definitely feels good just doing so much as this .
my friend code is 3669-2168-3885. please keep in mind i dont have many games the only ones i have are mario kart 7 fire emblem awakening pokemon x pokemon omega ruby monster hunter generations .
yokai watch starfox 64 3d and animal crossing new leaf .
it is the community if the community is lost then 2b2t is lost ...
if he did he would stop trying to change it and he would be trying to become a part of it instead he is using 2b2t as a cash cow and he will milk it until it runs dry ...
restarted my game but when i visited the space platform there was no npc .
after some time i was able to travel to the next star but no npc at that station either .
so i reloaded a early save but the same thing .
when i am injured and playing with iron will 3 my character still makes pain noises sometimes .
can the killer hear that or is it just an audio bug for me ?
it 's a story about a guy who discovers an app on his phone that can controll not sure with this one other people and uses it on his childhood friend for perverse things .
every time i upload a video i receive a thumbs down within the first hour .
on many of my videos it is the only thumbs down i will receive versus tens of thumbs up .
i can only conclude that i have a subscriber who consistently downrates my videos ... any of you have the same thing ?
i 'm sort of resigned to ignoring it but has anyone else tackled the issue i.e .
first of all i ca n't hold a steady 144 frames but i would like to go beyond 60 maybe 100
would someone find pleasure in hunting an hellblade glavenus w. me ?
does it remove all my apps or does it remove old files left from apps ?
hey im having a little problems boys n girls .
my addon setup is solid and working but for some reason when i log on my priest all nameplates and bars seem to be broken .
so for some reason i only see enemy health bars while combat and v '' wont change anything .
the only way for me to show enemy nameplates bars permanently is the option the force show all nameplates within the names '' settings which is in the end total crap .
there is no addon playing with it and i have already tested all possible combination in the settings of showing nameplates and so on .
getting back on the nzb wagon and need an invite
ever since i started playing fo shelter i 've always felt like there was something missing and it finally dawned on me .
every vault in all of the entire fallout series since the first game had a computer room or the remnants of one and a not always accessible mainframe .
seems like something that should be including in a future update .
maybe having people work the room i or p or both ?
maybe they have a chance to spawn crafting recipes like the radio room spawns people ?
it would go a long way to flesh out a more genuine vault that 's for sure .
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
also feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score so people can compare .
on a scale of 1 to 10 with 1 being clueless to laptop hardware stuff and 10 being the geekiest i 'm probably a 3 .
so i got my xps13 9350 around 2 months ago but it suddenly stopped charging and it went completely dead after the battery was drained .
so i went to the dell store here in our city and one of their tech guys said that it has motherboard issues and they 'll replace it within a week since i 'm still under warranty .
but what i 'm curious about is i still have my files intact and based on my experience with my bootlooped lg g4 phone all stored files were wiped out when it was replaced with a new motherboard .
so was the motherboard on my xps really replaced given that i still have my files intact ?
the tech guy from the store insisted that they had the motherboard replaced .
looking for a good spot near giza for 2 people to eat dinner .
flexible on cuisine looking to spend no more than 250 le per person bonus points if they have apple pie for desert .
we went there decent ambience but unimpressed with the food .
upscale is nice but due to what we packed will need to go in sandals and t-shirts .
a close to a great week and a half of action .
i 'm a white guy and i might start smelling like a rose ...
buddy i 've seen your comments and i can tell you are either dealing with some serious anger issues or are just another 13 year old kid trying to act tough on the internet by provoking a comment fight .
so i 'm just going to let you boil in your own vitriol and hope that you get your real life act together .
until then thank you very much for telling me what 500 other people have told me and have a very lovely day .
it was less of a problem but still annoying at my university in brighton .
there was one or two kids there from the middle east that would drive around in their aston martin or whatever else like they owned the campus and i 'm honestly surprised they never got their windows smashed in .
i got meteor 4g internet for the parents a few weeks ago .
it was 20 euro a month for 25gb cap .
we previously had some 3g type deal with imagine but they stopped offering it as they went to all 4g now which is fair enough .
good thing about that was it did n't have a cap and was about 40 euro for 3-6mb .
they offered the new broadband but it was like 70 euro and no cap which was too expensive really but also total overkill for my parents .
if it 's for yourself though 25gb cap is nothing .
i think i burned through 8gb in the 3 days i was home and i would n't consider myself doing that much really .
25gb rules out using anything like steam or downloading really .
when lim stood back up it looked like baby baby bird vs. big bird
pay 100dollars to play at with a warcraft pro '' is this for real you really think someone gon na pay 100 dollars to play at with ont of thèse guys ?
i can get shadowblade within 15 mins usually sooner .
i know you think that sub 2k is all idiots walking around like idiots and totally failing to farm .
she hasnt even lived in the same state as him in a year
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
everytime i get into a match it says the data is corrupted and tells me to delete it and re-download .
ice hawk is sitting at the bar when he notices the obvious display of magic .
he frowns at first and then watches as the magic resolves itself into a delicate exercise in patience and control .
ice hawk picks up his drink and sits at the table with draioc .
i spend about 400 a year on having the latest smartphone .
but with as much time as i spend working and playing on my phone it 's worth it to me .
i currently have a dagger it works astoundingly well for controlling larger heavier and more forceful blades with a wee tiny dagger .
so the consensus is despite what wiki says that sword breaker swords '' are very rare and not used commonly .
but as far as usefulness goes it 's essentially an autowin on the bind 8/10 times on a longsword or gladius it would be especially lethal for the followup strike .
it kinda sounds like you 're talking through a toilet paper roll or something .
he 's one of the few employees they have n't taken advantage of .
he hated travelling so he made his money and never really had to do it much again .
fuck it i 'm taking gostowski with an eighth that sold me
san francisco has a single sheet of ice for a whole city and the majority of ice time does n't go to youth leagues .
also i grew up in a town that had 5 sheets of indoor ice and probably 15 sheets outdoor and once we hit bantams we would have practices as late as 10:30 on weeknights if we wanted indoor because ice was so hard to come by .
that being said i do n't know what the other guy was saying .
hockey gear is hella expensive and it 's only getting worse .
i think any woman could have been a nominee for a while now if we had one that was a good candidate with name recognition .
clinton is mostly riding on the coattails of bill anyway .
mine is kinda meh and i do n't think i 'd pay full price for it again .
it 's head writer went to smackdown and it made a huge difference .
the wrestling is n't that much better with the exception of the veterans like asuka joe aries and nakamura .
vince is at all of these shows probably calling a lot of shots .
i ai n't neva seen a nigga put da team on his back doe like dis nigga .
i 'm your guyses opinions what palette do you think i should save up for to get next ?
edit i 'd really like my next palette to have super vivid colours so if you know any good palettes with every colour in the rainbow please comment about it !
i edited the other pic in just to compare .
yeah that is what i usually tell people though they should watch the inbetween filler for the movie arcs as most of super 's fillers are not that bad unless you nitpick it to make it seem like its the worst thing ever .
to answer your question it 's a lot of hype and some look !
do n't get me wrong they 're pretty comfy shoes i got a couple pairs myself but for 180 they got ta at least put some better traction on the outsoles .
they were the only two people documenting any of this case .
if this was like an actual comedy bit at some standup and was delivered well i might find it actually kind of funny .
but given the context it just seems like a really weird reaction to have especially over some show over whatever .
not all butt hurt about it but just kind of odd thing to find funny i guess ?
to me the funniest part to me is actually the co-host and whoever is off camera ragging on him for thinking a man slowly being crushed is hilarious apparently will you please bring this up in therapy ? ''
ahh i noticed skream was doing things different musically and benga had mental health difficulties but i was hoping they 'd come together again .
at least it was a bloody revolution cant say we didnt go without a fight .
now brb i have to go pick up my wife 's son over at iria elementary
is there someone who can splice this into my dna ?
the krill or proto hive only had a life span of 10 years yes but not earth years .
years on the fundament could be much longer or much shorter than the years we are accustomed to .
he just released some into the immediate area where oryx and the hive family were .
he set up a protocol in case she fled like she does but she decided on her own accord to stay and fight the darkness .
a simple i really do n't think we 've seen enough of the game yet to say for sure '' is plenty..
i really like it the cards and vector art work are really cute .
where did you get the artwork by the way ?
rose lacked her sword and only brandished her shield .
rose did n't use her shield and none of the other gems there summoned gem weapons .
pearl used her swords not spear but other than that we do n't see any weapons in that encounter .
i believe the earliest use of gem weapons was rose with her shield in the pearl flashbacks .
please do n't ever give up your slutty side for some insecure dude this is delish in every way you 're a hell of a good slut
it 's awesome how he got blake shelton and steve aoki to come and play guitar for his final show .
what can i practise to improve at piano when i am away from my instrument ?
i tend to do interval ear training and keyboard chord identification as well as rhythm ex resides with apps on my phone .
i also try to look through sheet music of pieces i 'm learning and work on memorization my pitch is n't that good though so it 's hard to accurately play the piece in my head .
considering zac is the champion that statistically heals the most of all champions then its probably quite a good keystone
hope the dev make a new mode with this fallen bosses
http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/askwomen subject=why+was+this+removed ? message my+comment https www.reddit.com/r/askwomen/comments/4ys9ge/us_citizens_who_have_you_decided_to_vote_for_if/d6q4v2h was+removed+and+i+do+not+understand+the+reason+given+by+the+mod+who+acted upon+it .
it 's worth mentioning that the dangers here are not just about liability .
people need their medical records kept secret from family members who are abusive dangerous etc .
what 's the difference between revealing the results of a tb test and revealing that say someone is pregnant ?
coming from a crazy family where medical abuse was a theme this sort of information leak can literally get people injured or killed .
have u ever been driving down the road and flick your cig out the window and a few minutes later you get a strange smell then turn around and find your granny fingering herself ?
i told a guy that his grandpa probably died just so he would n't have to spend anymore time with him .
this was on the very day his grandpa died .
i agree i guess this is a feeling everyone can relate with .
needless to say i smoke alone 99 of the time .
i started getting frustrated when i smoked up people and they just turned into annoying little shits including girls that i was chasing .
i started making the mistake of being overly critical of the way they reacted to weed .
it ended up doing more bad than good as i originally thought .
smoking alone is not a problem but i do find myself looking inside '' and ignoring everything good that happens in the exterior life .
also it appears that the only save files in the recommended location are my vanilla skyrim saves .
but i still feel guilty spending 40 bucks every 3 weeks on it .
there are places that charge 20 for gel and 8 for regular but i like the expensive place .
i definitely do n't want victor to be evicted and i really want nicorey gone but i do n't think nicorey is going after jatalie .
there 's too many other people in the house that they want out first .
so it does kinda make sense to evict victor especially after all this flip flopping .
i just want james gone so bad at this point
every fighter for jaguar rise of the robots ps2-era mk 's .
the last one may or may not be a joke .
i think holding the door for people is one of the cores of canadian culture .
a fat rail of cocaine should give you all the motivation you require .
a little liberal with the 10-8s if you cant be decisive
well that means mcgregor does n't hate aldo not aldo does n't hate mcgregor
the bell was conors lord and saviour in rounds 3 and 5. great fight anyways .
woulda thought u got points deducted for walking away with ur back to the other fighter ?
but did n't realize it until i was nearly done and tbh i really just wanted to gtfo of school as easily as possible anyways ...
it was probably best to not risk it vs nate diaz who got his black belt from cesar gracie .
diaz out struck macgregor from the clinch and clearly dominated him with solid knees and good dirty boxing .
burning man 's number one rule of etiquette for photography is ask first — you should get permission before taking somebody 's photo .
does this mean you ca n't grab a shot of somebody cruising by on a really cool bike or capture a compelling scene you happen to see through your telephoto lens ?
no of course not — realistically you should ask first whenever realistically possible .
but the question you have to ask yourself before pressing the shutter is am i invading this person 's privacy in any way ? .
if the person is fully or partially nude in the middle of a very private moment or doing anything that perhaps they would not want the whole world to see then yes you definitely need to ask first — do not press the shutter .
if somebody is doing henna body painting on a nude model in center camp and there are a dozen people with cameras surrounding them snapping away can you just jump in and take pictures as well ?
no you ca n't — instead set an example for the others .
some of the other photographers undoubtedly already did so and the ones who did not perhaps will appreciate the reminder that they should have .
the hate for conor is real it 's funny reading back through the ufc fighters twitter feed alot of guys were having a good laugh around round 3 thinking conor was done .
i really do n't think it was a hard fight to score .
either conor won 3 rounds to 2 or it was a draw if you give nate a 10-8 for round 3 .
bendo benson henderson former ufc lw champ currently a bellator ww .
if you have n't heard of him go watch his first fight with pettis .
mutta kuten itse huomaat löysit kolme joista vanhin on seitsemän vuoden takaa .
samaan aikaan lähes joka viikko tulee myönteistä uutisointia monikulttuurisuudesta .
yle-lain tekstistä meidän on turha väitellä koska laintulkinta ratkaisee .
saarakkala http www.saarakkala.fi/blogi/2012/05/03/246 ja immonen http www.ts.fi/uutiset/kotimaa/802995/immonen+ylelain+kohta+monikulttuurisuudesta+selvitettava ovat nostaneet asian esille ihan eduskunnassakin joten mistään minun kuvitelmasta ei ole kyse .
because he was trying to rope a dope.. he does it in every fight..
me personally i know i ca n't moderate right now .
because i 've been getting wasted since i was 15 every time there was a slightest bit of a problem .
now i 'm 30 and i have absolutely no coping skills except for turning to the single thing that 's destroying me .
so i 've decided to take a year off and let my body/brain heal maybe rewire itself ?
try quitting for your kid if anything having an alcoholic parent fucking sucks .
it 's the main reason i have n't had kids .
most of it is willingness to be pushed around he was no pushover .
eventually team rwby gets all four maiden powers weiss blake and yang will be forced to sacrifice themselves ruby will get all four powers turning her into even more of a mary sue
she had previously before being first lady performed actions like being the co-founder of the arkansas advocates for children and families first female chair of the legal services corporation and first female partner of rose law firm the third oldest law firm in the usa .
two of which occurring before bill was even elected governor of arkansas .
while these might not have gotten her a career in new york they could have well enough earned her a career in politics even if bill did n't move onto governor and president in arkansas .
edit is there a reason to downvote this or you just that upset that you were wrong about her having no qualifications .
some are saying highway robbery '' funny as fuck .
for a moment i was like perhaps reddit has left me behind this is no doubt unsafe for work but ... christ alive .
seriously fans on both side needs to stfu and learn to appreciate probably the best card in ufc history we were blessed to have .
i had it a win for diaz and am disappointed he lost but know that this pretty much guarantees a trilogy which means a huge payday for nate .
i think the pay-off '' that the snyders were talking about will come in jl2 .
things will have to get soo bad that their last chance is sending the flash back .
i 'm guessing supes will save the day in jl1 so a trip back in time wo n't be necessary quite yet .
but the pay-off might be even more simpler ... maybe bruce just tells the team about flash 's warning to get the team involved and on the same page .
since bruce was warned we are already heading down a different path then the knightmare '' path .
terra mystica 's mats are n't action selection though .
they shape what upgrades you have available but the actions are more similar to kemet 's pyramid .
scythe stole the put things on the board to uncover more stuff on your player mat '' thing from tm but not action selection .
i agree with you but actually enabling cfw on 3ds 10.3 is really difficult .
it took me about 4 hours to downgrade to 9.2 and then when that happened browserhax kept crashing leaving with me partially bricked so i had to update to 11.0 and lost all access or hope of running cfw on 3ds and i lost my data .
perhaps i 'll try again if i get a new 3ds as i only have an xl .
hacking psp and ps vita is a million times easier .
bad cop bad cop and the librarians from the abc .
merritt is really great as the final leg runner .
i 've been a fan since his daegu world championship 4x400 leg where he side stepped and overtook like 4 other runners on the home straight so casually .
i use 3 micron syringe filters and lysis buffer tubes from biogx .
i more meant the politically illiterate and purely social media opinionated wo n't be sharing constant shit about how they 'll do this or do that or whatever .
he was rocked 3 times and answered with nothing .
it 's close but it 's conor all the way .
releasing tax returns has been a presidential candidate precedent for decades now .
jailing someone who has never even been indicted is not .
obviously there has n't been any crime the last two months .
the original joke had something to do with a guy living with a roomate who was female .
they were nothing more and the mother came over for dinner .
she asked if they were an item and they said no .
after the mother left the girl could n't find the silver serving plate or something .
so the boy text his mom and says i 'm not saying you did take the plate and i 'm not saying you did n't take the plate .
but i know you how it under the pillow '' ... ... ... oh now i get it because the plate was hidden under the girls pillow and if she had been sleeping in the bed where the plate was hidden then she would have found it ... ..
it was written unclearly to begin with though ... . and i 'm not sure why the post would have been deleted .
and i though rubbing your belly and tapping your head was hard ...
my only real complaint about fusion is that the dialogues and cutscenes are n't skippable .
first time playing it 's fine since you actually want to be exposed to the details of the story .
but after many times seeing the same animations the same text etc etc it really gets tiresome .
it 's almost like mgs 's codec calls level and even that game had a handy skip button if you hold triangle you blast through the obligatory dialogues .
frankly this is a problem in almost all metroid games but it is n't unforgivable because generally its just the initial cutscene or very short ones throughout the game .
1 year old demo though you have a shit ton of time to improve in 1 year especially if you have all day to play like i imagine this 14yo would .
i think a stickied suggestions thread would be good .
i wish more people knew about this sub haha it 's great
i can definitely relate to trying not to be annoying .
i 've always been very talkative and since i can remember to the end of middle school i got called annoying a lot especially by my family and then in high school it was more implied within social interactions that i was being annoying .
i 've been given annoyed looks for being too excited '' or letting my excitement manifest itself in spontaneous dance .
even though my talkativeness and emotional expression can be a little excessive and pointless i still embrace it because it 's part of who i am .
i 'm never going to hold back because someone 's being judgmental i have enough confidence in myself to not care about those people .
when i 'm telling stories or talking a lot it 's because i 'm trying to show the other person that i think they 're important enough in my life that i want them to know about it and i 'm hoping they 'll open up about theirs too .
there 's definitely such thing as too much or that there 's a place and time '' but do n't reject it completely .
i guess the whole set up can cost me 160 .
ever put a little sriracha in a pb j ?
yeah myammar laos vietnam are some of the up and coming countries i.e .
most of their citizens work overseas learn expertise and then return to set up shop .
even conversion rate for malaysians chinese pr our traditional main source of immigrants to citizens who whined about how badly treated discriminated or the lack of opportunities in malaysia are low now .
as for the second question i do n't have an answer to that since i 've not conducted a country wide survey so it 's up to you what you want to take away from it .
i 'm in a military style college program so i wish gordon ramsey was my superior .
the same thing happens every time a new theory is proven the world she 's flat gravity is just a theory black holes do n't exist the earth is the center of the universe .
i mean we do n't get gladio opening his shirt stretching with the camera lovingly panning up his chest .
but we get cindy bending over the regalia with it panning up her ass so .
honestly if you and her are that open talking about sex and she is the one who brought it up then why not get it for her or at least have her pay you back for it ?
we do n't just become sexual being once he turn 18 .
if you are okay with it and you are the parent then i 'd say go ahead and do it .
society butts in way too much on this matter that is strictly between the two of you .
i just remind myself i do n't live to work i work to live .
i can vent or rant but not come slamming shit around pissed off because of work .
or if there was some sort of ppe that could lessen your exposure .
i feel like i 'm not worthy to be in the presence of such amazing trolling this is brilliant .
it 's interesting that you can ask this on a sub where he 's the only mod and not get it deleted .
she holds the keys to what makes you happy and shes punishing you for some reason .
or you can stop taking the bait us hl people want .
hide your desire for her and attraction and focus on yourself .
she either doesnt love you or outright despises you .
work on yurself and use that pent up energy at the gym and a way out .
make her wish youd look at her just once .
me too i 'm always going to take more than i can eat because i 'm trying to gainit and in the time you go back for seconds your stomach has already told your brain you 're full .
you could spend the hammer drill rental fee on all the masonry bits you may burn through .
see when you said i 'm not sorry '' i heard it in eliza 's voice in that would be enough . ''
yeah basically i ca n't say no to this ... .
woah just had a keanu moment that most developing nations are south of the equator thanks to your comment .
since you seem familiar with the terms would you know if there is more i can read about this besides jared diamond who i understand is ... lacking ?
it is n't because this sub is inhabited by far more pc players .
any buff to pharah would be concerning for console .
trump needs to shake things up by having 2 vice-presidents .
just wanted to say you 're an amazing mom .
you 're amazing for having the courage to get out of a bad marriage for having the smarts to prepare for move-out by being frugal and also still having the heart to notice and listen to your daughter when she is down .
seems to me your daughter knows it too just that she 's still a kid and the relative poverty still hurts her .
i dare say she will be stronger for it .
having these experiences will probably help her to mature into a human being with more gratitude consideration and depth than otherwise .
give her lots of hugs tell her you love her everyday .
i got it done five years ago and i still do n't have a single complaint about the leather .
hell he guy doing it would send me progress photos anytime i asked him how the work was coming along .
they charge 189.99 and i really ca n't recommend them enough .
yeah but also elizabeth knows the future does n't she ?
same reason as to why she keeps hearing la vie en rose .
plus in the france delusion she see 's an ace spoiler and a billboard for lobotomy spoiler
is it the right direction for jame 's game though ?
like does this mean that it 's easier to land a shot with ana or mccree as well ?
but japan is way bigger market for jrpg 's than na .
it 's bigger for sure but japan has one of the the biggest gaming market in the world too .
i use it because my phone is now my only portable device .
so if i 'm anywhere other than by my pc .
i believe the whole daddy/litte girl thing is actually quite popular .
who am i to say what you enjoy in bed with a consenting adult is bad ?
however i would be careful to make sure that it 's only a fantasy you share with another adult .
a lot of people play games like gta where they murder someone and steal their car .
that does n't mean they would do it in real life ... .but some would .
make sure you 're one of the ones that keeps it firmly in the realm of adult-adult fetish and no more .
and if you do find yourself thinking about more than that i would recommend seeking some sort of mental health treatment before it goes any further .
your post has been removed because it links to an unapproved domain .
while links to other domains are permitted here they do require moderator review .
please read this entire message before you reply and before you contact the moderators about your post .
if you are submitting a completed project that meets the posting guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/diy/wiki/guidelines and you made the project yourself you may message the moderators to request that your video be manually reviewed .
if you are asking for help with a specific aspect of a diy project and are linking to a website to explain your problem please use the submit a help request https www.reddit.com/r/diy/submit ? selftext=true link instead .
include the link to the website in the text of the post and also include additional context and details so that others may help you more easily .
if you 're asking a question that does n't meet the specific question about an aspect of a diy project '' requirement such as how can i fix the problem shown in this website '' or how can i make the project shown in this website '' such posts generally do not meet the help request requirements in our posting guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/diy/wiki/guidelines .
consider asking your question in the simple questions r/diy/about/sticky thread at the top of r/diy rather than creating a new post .
remember that all posts are required to meet the posting guidelines .
we encourage you to read the posting guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/diy/wiki/guidelines for more information .
if you believe your link meets the posting requirements please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdiy message=please 20review 20my 20non-imgur 20submission 20at 20https www.reddit.com/r/diy/comments/4ytqe7/share_and_earn .
if you 're trying to post a product/promotion or trying to drive traffic to your website please see reddit 's spam rules here http www.reddit.com/wiki/faq wiki_what_constitutes_spam.3f and if you fall into that category please go somewhere else .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/diy if you have any questions or concerns .
anselm had neither the first nor the last word on the topic as far as i 'm aware .
i remember i was camping with my family when we heard about his death .
the saddest part was that we had been listening to his greatest hits album while driving to the campsite .
i hope the next bf will be bad company 3 .
those games had a fun campaign and amazing multiplayer .
surveillance tracking is done at a much more 'raw ' level than pogo..
so you 're saying that hause should ditch the fancy queue and go back to the ol ' autoreconnect one or perhaps the good old spam join until you get in ?
well that is one way to get him and his little 5 year olds away from it taking that route will get the server back the way it was before june in no time .
i 'm thiiiiiis close to getting in my car and going to the grocery store to buy a bag of pizza rolls .
thats what im trying to figure out i selected save file when the download prompt came up and it downloaded as normal but when i tried to access it it looked like it made a dvd disk that wasnt there come up in my toolbar .
and also all the files were expanded and there was no install application with which to use .
also when i tried to actually burn a disk it burned the files but again nothing that i could install with
party chat or muting everyone who speaks in game have been my go to solutions .
nader deserves his fair share of the blame along with the aforementioned jeb the scotus katherine harris and gore himself .
he broke his pledge not to play spoiler and campaign in swing states for which he got called out on by many on the left prior to the election http www.commondreams.org/headlines/102700-03.htm but he did n't listen and went hard in florida .
pretty much killed the green party right then and there as they lost 96 of their voters in the next election and still have n't broke a million voters since .
cheers i 've been planning to downgrad de gea to heaton and snodgrass to whoever but had n't given much thought to cazorla .
yeah not sure what 's up with gamez thought he was injured but i could be wrong and i imagine he 'll be getting some minutes soon but anita was n't too bad today against bristol city lol
i would assume janmaat would be ahead of yedlin providing janmaat stays .
but by the sounds of it rafa is quite high on gamez as well so who knows
this is n't about sharing your opinions any more its about making a number at the top right hand corner of your screen go up
also people post comments with screenshots and information how to get there or which combination you could use etc
so you can find places for example quite easy d it really helped me a lot so far !
how bout just making her a sex slave and taking away her freedom ?
ya i called sony 's customer service number and told them about the charges .
they locked my account but then would n't allow me to get access to it again without the original serial number of the playstation that was used to setup the account .
after 4 hours of yelling at them and being hung up on the online chat agent eventually gave me access to my account and filed a disagreement about the charges on my account .
important thing to do is to not give up and also take your credit card off your account .
eldritch horror has replaced arkham horror for us mansions of madness is too different .
op said these passive adapters work on unused pairs .
intro to an episode of csi miami with her as cameo appearance
orange-haired sunglass guy i guess you could say she got carried away ''
russia is a country that is used to suffering .
you can embargo russia crumble their economy and they will still have the moral high because they are doing it for the motherland '' .
millennials also known as the millennial generation 1 or generation y abbreviated to gen y
we do not know what weapons meme war iii will be fought with but meme war iv will be fought with lolcats . ''
guess i 'm going to work at the cheezburger network now .
sorry kdol it just seemed the only thing i could offer that helped me .
ooyodo quite easy to get you just need some subs and time .
just take more or less well leveld subs and no lbas and go for her it almost costs nothing .
i presaved 2 subfleets and alternated between them if morale got too bad .
aquila is probably the most expensive to get while unryuu sisters are kind of ok .
mine made me lose my appetite and have trouble sleeping while on it .
as someone who also usually works weekends i feel you .
he was just telling this story and it did n't go anywhere because he was anxious so he was stuttering even more than usual .
i was annoyed so i belt it out without thinking .
everyone looked at me and were like dude ... not cool. '' .
note we do n't generally call it a spellcaster level . ''
neither do we call it an elixircaster level . ''
the rules apply for all spell or spell-similar effects . ''
link http paizo.com/threads/rzs2l7ns page=224 ? ask-james-jacobs-all-your-questions-here 11198 to the thread .
so while technically correct does n't seem to strictly be the intention rai
i doubt she 's actually offended by it my understanding is that it 's just something that grates philosophically .
we also live in and grew up in a part of the us where so what church do you go to ? ''
is still an icebreaker question that some people ask so i 'd hazard that plays into it .
to an atheist here the little bits of religious residue we run into on a daily basis are reminders that we 're still culturally steeped in it .
i certainly expect i 'd care less about the little things if i did n't also constantly have religion intruding on my life more blatantly as well .
i wish they did n't exist but since they do i wish it was at least just cosmetic things or even physical items and not gameplay related stuff .
yup i agree.cool feautures is something you implement once your basic game is done and in this case the basic game is still one giant shitpile .
ivs have always been a part of pokemon even if you did n't pay attention to them .
i will agree with you that using scanners even when the game didnt provide a reliable way to track pokemon is straight up cheating tho .
my parents smoked a lot of pot and were heavy drinkers .
because they would often leave bongs out beer bottles on every surface etc. i was told to never bring any friends over from a very young age .
i was told to avoid kids that got wanted me to meet their parents because they were worried that those parents would call the police on them .
i still feel strange whenever someone wants to come over to visit me instead of me going over to them .
do n't go into the wilderness if you ca n't handle a pvp zone .
like with any online store just check reviews on etsy and do n't buy from anyone who does n't have a lot of positive feedback .
your statement was not quite clear though because it does n't seem like op was trying to say that a logical fallacy logic .
i 'm not sure what part of the original intent you were contesting in that particular reply or why you thought it was relevant to post that .
that 's why i replied to correct what i perceived be the op 's meaning .
i 'm sorry but i 'm not quite sure what kind of argument you 're making with the rest of your post .
yes fallacious logic '' may be oxymoronic depending on the usage .
i like mike because sometimes he had one voice and sometimes he had another voice and that was funny
it is the prequel to the title you just thought of .
also people are going into people 's yards and such .
one of the biggest things is just not driving through the street and playing while creeping through .
so much free parking on montgomery autumn and surrounding streets .
you see some men in black suits walking in the shadows towards a house .
it 's hidden sandwiched between my oversized prossh and promo oversized spearbreaker behemoth .
the rest of my deck is 57 assorted index cards receipts and box tops .
when you start unit testing your code you will see .
they 're a cheap hack to avoid proper management of your instances .
i 'm surprised at all the subreddits mentioned yet none of them actually exist .
funny how i used to be surprised when some oddly specific subreddit did exist .
so glad i started this expensive habit that stains my teeth and fingernails . ''
they 're not the flashiest tag team out there but they 've been excellent in the big matches feuds they 've had recently .
i actually did n't realize this game even had support palico until i was village star 4 .
make sure to grab two palico for your hunts as soon as possible and make them target small monsters first and preferably with healing horns until you know what you 're doing .
they will help you take a lot of heat off the main monster as well as dealing with unwanted ads
it instantly repairs itself if it is damaged by anything except being eaten by humans .
so the cakes would be damged and repaired very quickly but as time passes more will spawn .
it looks like the scientist examining her is about to pull a cosby .
i honestly sat here for 5 minutes reading comments to figure out what was wrong .
i watched the video thinking he got the player 's name wrong or something .
its a little complicated to explain but the short explanation is that auras trigger as often as you want so they break snapshotting and thus allow new stats that dont work due to snapshotting .
i proposed this on fb at least a week ago if that matters .
and it does n't surprise me that i 'm not the only one to propose this since given the nature of trump 's psychopathic narcissism it 's not a hard theory to come up with .
is it true that a 3 day fasting sacrifice will reboot the immune system ?
i have a bunch of auto immune diseases and im desperate..i might give this a try..
overwatch totally crush and kill this game you are correct .
na thats cool dude your opinion but i didnt put the patches on i bought it like that
just remember if you take the time to think about if someone you just met was just pretending to like you they most likely are n't even thinking about you at all .
honestly to most people if you are n't int their inner circle you 're invisible .
the basketball one the footy one where he manages to beat pogs twice .
ooi hey nico i 'm actually kinda new to this subreddit lmao
10 years of abuse mentally how do you take that ?
as the juggernaut you should be able to choose to play as one of the mini bosses .
tessaracts and shurikens are both squishier than even an average top-cpu ground bot these days and my main mech does n't really have any particular problems with either of them .
you just got ta be able to move around and land hits .
what exactly are you saying is op about them now ?
the gadget does n't seem useful to me especially as you might have 5 of them around the map and knowing which one is tripped would be difficult .
i feel like 5 might be a bit too much and that they 'd be better suited for holding the objective room .
place them near the entrances of the room and you immediately know where they just came in from .
you 'd really have to choose the competition carefully .
you only get one chop so you better make it worth it .
do n't chop for some meaningless diving fundraiser then lose all competitiveness when it matters .
with neith this is the damage using her spirit arrow heal and one crit .
are you speaking on the uk 's area alone or internationally ?
if these are original papers then its something going on because they are 100 one hand writings .
i honestly do n't think it needs explaining the differences are so numerous .
nixon illegally wiretapped with the express intention of finding out info potentially to manipulate an election .
this is at least under the pretense of national security but if mass data interception was abused it would be on a far larger scale than what nixon did and involve orders of magnitude more people .
it 's really great knowing that just by playing a character i can illicit such a strong response .
then they check my profile and see i 'm a shitter genji main with 70 hours on him .
neither because they will both get flanked by ur titans ...
the media never gave trump positive coverage what are you on about ?
they gave him lots of coverage true but very little of it was positive .
trump just rode the all publicity is good publicity '' train for a really long time .
hit us up with a password and i 'll be over shortly .
mods let me know if i 'm stepping on any toes here but this would be a great question for r/askweather !
i randomly read about this a long time ago .
i just wan na say that mostly this is me a pop stan nitpicking at the solid theory of classical singing haha .
so right off the bat your middle register sounds too heady for pop .
it 's either registration issues or breath support tho i really doubt this since you 're classically trained and everyone there say breath support is life perfect it ! !
! your middle voice sounds very rounded but lacks the oomph that you usually find in pop tho you can get away with it see ariana grande. information and exercises can be seen here http www.voiceteacher.com/middle_voice.html and here http www.voiceteacher.com/female_passaggio.html .
though in the second one it tackles more on how mezzos the same theory should apply to sopranos .
practice chest voice a bit more though your lower register at 0:05-0:06 0:33-0:36 is very good for a soprano .
also really bright ringing beautiful head voice at 2:03-2:05 .
keep on singing you 're gon na get where you wan na be in no time thumbsup
how could that ever be a topic you 'd talk about with a girl you like ?
did you take a nasty shit before this pic ?
seeing neymar cry at the end made me soo happy .
i still do n't understand why they did n't make the game really close 16-4 is a stomp and it would have been much more believable if the score was 16-14
oui enfin là je trouve que le mec est pas en train de les tabasser avec son bâton mais ça n'engage que moi .
et pour travailler avec des bovins je suis vétérinaire je crois que le quidam réalise pas bien le poids l'inertie et la résistance de ces bestioles .
bref je disais juste que moi qui ai la chance d'avoir une petite vision du terrain contrairement à la majorité ici je pense ça m'a pas choqué ces images là je dis pas que y'a jamais d'abus mais on montre un truc qui me semble pas plus choquant que ça en le présentant comme aberrant contrairement à ce que la voix off présente mais ce n'est que mon avis .
you forgot about ipv4 lines too ... and phones can share ip 's ...
it would count even more if she 'd turn to her right a bit more .
i was so stoked when i saw it had been released .
when you have monopoly of a game then you can run it how you like i swear if someone else got ahold of the rights to make an nfl game then ea would be forced to step up their game it is certainly shit though
as an atheist with a lot of sympathy for french secularism how the fuck do they think they can justify banning a piece of swimwear like that and still claim to be a free society ?
it 's pure bigotry impossible to justify as well as counterproductive .
i was playing with a friend but some people simply wo n't listen instalockers but yeah will do
still does n't matter if labour refuses to have anything to do with him .
when you level up in the game you 'll still get loot boxes so you did n't waste anything .
as others have pointed out feminism is n't the only way to get these things changed .
also mainstream feminism seems only to want to help middle class women working women and not really make everything equal ''
absolute crazy hot take s craig is the new queen on this subreddit
craig and courtney both start with a c its meant to be
mange på venstrefløjen har jo i årevis kaldt immigrations-modstandere racister og sammenlignet dem med nazister .
jeg opfattes selv som en egoist der er fuldstændigt ligeglad med alle andre end mig selv fordi jeg støtter la .
når disse mennesker klager over debatniveaet er det patetisk .
nej jeg synes ikke sjældent det er i orden at kalde nogen en landsforræder af den grund .
dem der har et problem med det bør dog lige tjekke for eget hykleri først .
d i can make a video of redeeming them and showing their ids or sth .
i was going to become a multimillion dollar sports star but then they told me i 'd have to pay back my training costs !
screw that for a joke i 'm gon na go work check outs instead .
i up voted all of you for trying to help 3
cyka blyat idi nahui po'shyol 'na hui mu'dak khu i piz`da хуй пизда
yeah i just got spoiled from last year my daughter was in 8th grade at that school and took orchestra and plays the cello .
she is in high school orchestra this year and they have cellos there as well .
the band director works at both schools as well .
it is odd that one has them and the other does n't .
i know both schools have lots of rich donors because all other music classes like guitar and steel drums also have their own .
i got americree on my first summer loot box .
unfortunately i 'm british so i have no interest in using it .
all the firmware updates are to customer feedback and even their older model gets updated .
the repair pretty dencent and it 's done internal as opposed to third party like sony does .
only down side they are not big as canon or nikon .
so they do n't have things like the cps set up .
i was very happy with the results and there 's a part of me that wants to continue the process .
however i found that as soon as i was on it there 's was a considerable notice of how much hair was clogging the shower drain .
i figure maybe in 10 years when all my hair falls out naturally it runs in the family it 's simply a matter of time i 'll go back on creatine and continue to enjoy the benefits .
but for now i 'm going to enjoy the hair i have .
if i we were i 'd research the known side effects but do n't let them scare you .
try it yourself for 30 days and just watch to see if any of the side effects are affecting you .
then decide for yourself if the side effects out weigh the benefits .
for instance i know people on who experience no hair loss at all .
there actually is a couple metrics for cc i would imagine a high kill/assist involvement with high cc total time would put the tank in pretty good standing for mvp
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules .
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=rule+1+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/4yu5v9/serious_how_do_i_find_a_particular_reddit_forum .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
if you use google fi you can call multiple times with the same number lol
i 'm not worried about a discussion about the subreddit or its direction .
if people really want change then we should do that .
my point is people like you and the new deleted mod want to change something that most users think is perfectly fine the way it is just because you do n't like it .
if you want to change the tone of the sub start advocating for that change .
but forcing change for the sake of it with no discussion is completely wrong .
its not pilotfall i wan na use my dam titan for a while i remember in tf1 staying in the titan for a whole
match of u knew what u were doing and had a good game in this ur lucky to kill 2 titans or get ur titan at all
tell your friends and parents it 's a miracle a girl talked to me even after learning that i watch anime !
now excuse me while i take this japanese girl to a japanese restaurant to discuss japanese tv shows !
my family taught me that any form of hygiene was bad .
i did n't actually own a tooth brush until i was 12 .
pairing this up with me drinking tons of soda every day they also taught me to eat and drink literally everything i could so i 'm still trying to lose weight but i actually have like 3 of my enamel left and my teeth are almost clear .
i 'm 19 now and have been brushing my teeth religiously for years now
having a contract at a club does n't guarantee you anything but money .
or use your wife 's phone to link with an android account on nox .
i do as well but the ng honestly looks quite bad .
it 's proportions are really off and it 's design is not completely accurate to the show .
i would give you oral as foreplay and the .
i have to say your view seems a bit pessimistic .
i think its more that focusing on anybody but yourself and immediate family can potentially effect your own standard of living quite quickly .
people care a lot but you have to moderate the care you deal out depending on your own standard of living and where you live in the world .
it 's completely awesome that she is a fan who loves bailey and honestly it 's great that wwe is connecting with younger fans .
that is one of things that will keep the company going strong .
brock had a long day i am guessing for brock he is all about one giant press conference and talking everyone with a mic in their hand gets a bit much .
let 's face it brock generally looks like he could f5 anyone at any moment .
what was pob suppose to do vs ekko tahm kench ?
immortals did n't even have an overall lead c9 got first brick and had 1k gold advantage even with pob 3-0 .
game 2 huni had a 2-0 lead on riven and did nothing with the lead .
he was then 3-1-3 and his team was up 5k gold and an inhibitor up and still could n't carry his team .
give huni 3 kills on a strong meta champ and he will go off .
too bad he 's too dumb to play meta champs .
stop making excuses for the man his team is far from perfect yes but the dude cost them 2 straight playoff finals because he ca n't pick op champs for the team .
should have answered her with is this plane going to the uk '' ?
i used to work at michael 's and the bane of my existence was couponers telling me how the other michael 's they go to lets them use as many coupons as they want on whatever they want .
sorry 40-50 off a regular priced item does n't apply to sale items .
i 'm interested to know too have always wondered if unsanforized pairs can be slimmed down in different parts by doing another soak of just those particular parts in higher temperature..
i always call it babysitting and my wife does n't care .
she 's usually mad at something else i have n't or have done anyway .
thanks for drafting my and for the awesome suggestions !
i ended up with a blue black control shell .
i failed a bit when making it by deciding to move into a few reanimation themes too late and did n't end up seeing any big threats after that but i think as a value shell it still works pretty well card draw plus lots of removal .
lucky you do you not get the head twisting feeling ?
i have a pair of solid red vans that i love .
the thing i try to do is keep the rest of the outfit toned down .
my favorite way to wear them is dark denim and a grey white baseball tshirt .
i like the other suggestions too especially with the breton stripe .
if we take a look at the development of technology in the past years we might be able to replicate human-levels of sight within a few decades .
i totally get that it 's the current rule but i wish they would change that .
the keepers are already at a massive disadvantage and i think that the shooter should n't be allowed to do that .
you have no understanding of ireland beyond 'we 're the good guys they 're the terrorists ! '
indicative of a complete inability to understand the intricacies of complex situations
this is so fucking ironic considering you see this as a black and white issue
he 's an accomplished actor so he can pick and choose what roles he wants to do .
he also has enough money to not a bought by someone else for their amusement if he does n't want to .
in ranked it is worse if you are active during the day vigi will shoot you for being annoying if you are quiet u will be shot for being quit ''
i did n't realize that the iw2 slot was still supposed to be an avengers movie .
i do n't fucking care it 's a bee-hive .
monarch can eat a dick if he says otherwise .
besides the games set in the android universe android new angeles android infiltration there 's human interface http www.hint-thegame.com and specter ops https boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/155624/specter-ops
because people love paul and victor and hate nicole and corey that 's really all it is .
they can say this and that but ultimately it boils down to them not wanting victor gone and them really wanting corey/nicole gone and they 're just hating on anyone who does n't serve paul and vic 's interest even though that would make everyone real bad players if they do that .
because in terms of game moves given the mistake natalie made winning the hoh she did n't need without knowing about the buyback natalie and james are actually making the most logical move they can .
which is actually kind of tragic i like seeing players understand the positions they 're in and determine the positions they 're in the next week and they 're making the right move but not knowing the buyback basically will screw a lot of things up even though the move itself is correct .
like i 've always hated james because he is just all afp afp afp and does n't play but now i actually think i 'd respect him if he got victor out because it means he is n't entirely without strategic merit that is the move to go for in james ' position .
he is entirely right to want to split up the most threatening pair in the house vp and should want to work with corey and nicole 2 people he has maintained relationships with .
i 'd respect both natalie and james a lot less if they just let paul run their hoh for them instead do nothing until paul and victor are at the end .
they 're at least doing something that they 're right in believing would help their game again the buyback will be a tragic turnaraound but i ca n't fault them for not anticipating that when deciding what to do .
i do n't get why everyone is just hating on them like they expected them to just lay down and let paul and victor win would have been preferable .
ultimately it was paul 's mistake to have gotten paulie instead of corey out so this is honestly just that biting him in the ass this week if paul did n't win hoh this week this would have happened regardless of who won the hoh anyway and i do n't see the point in hating the players for making what is the correct move .
they are the biggest threats of course the others want them out of the house .
and i say this as someone who likes victor and paul and also hate to watch nicole and corey any longer on the feeds .
but it makes total sense for james to want victor out over corey or nicole he has a slightly better shot of surviving the next week with that decision .
yours is rock with boldore corsola and third i cant see
sounds more like he 's talking about gang rape which is common in prisons and has nothing to do with being gay .
that 's pretty much word for word what we were told .
you would n't happen to work in a school district in va would you ?
that does n't change the fact that the fda explicitly provided an exception to online retailers requiring photo id .
a lot of words a link and nothing that shows §1140.16 c 2 i is n't valid .
i 've been happily married for nearly 20 years and this advice seems like a great way to fuck up your relationship .
i 'd be devastated if my husband had suggested this before our wedding really wtf ?
during this free week '' do you tell your partner what you did or just do stuff and keep the details secret ?
what if you were to screw 5 guys and your husband ends up not doing anything would be still happily marry you ?
does he expect you to not want to do anything much and this is his way of making you give him permission to cheat on you ?
i 'd be so disappointed and be rethinking everything .
edit also if he really wanted to try a new drug would n't it be better to do that with you around ?
both of you were close to lethal for a while .
it was n't clear who was going to win .
those of us who still have unlimited plans do not understand this .
i feel like i am in the small minority that thought the lego movie was going to be great from the first trailer .
and despite corvo being a silent protagonist it 's also possible that he told her and we just did n't hear it .
i do n't want that to happen that 's why i 'm trying to make it better
people forget that racism has only been slowly dying out because education has been effectively combating ignorant and scientifically erroneous ideas .
but ignorance is like a cancer and if it is n't continually treated it will return .
not necessarily an enemy but deus is definitely not benevolent
om det nu bara är en ökning i anmälningsbenägenhet hur förklarar du då den enastående minskningen av övergrepp av denna natur bland ungdomar med svensk härkomst ?
this american '' problem is found in india and china as well .
that makes the 3 most populous countries on the planet accounting for close to half the world population .
if that is not global i do n't know what is .
i 'm not sure how it is in arkansas but florida has a similar law .
the testing here does n't seem that intrusive mainly just making sure he 's keeping up with other kids in the essential skills math writing reading maybe a little science or history fact recall .
if you have n't you should check out the hslda 's website .
they have tons of information on state laws about homeschooling .
i do n't think you have to be a member to use it but it might not work on a phone .
and the same people who say that whitewashing is n't acceptable also say that it 's awesome to do things like this .
either a character 's ethnicity and identity have to be respected or they do n't .
i 'm sick of people wanting to give this group or that group special privileges .
too often 'discretion ' is just another word for favoritism .
one set of rules for all people that 's the closest thing to fairness humans are capable of achieving .
there 's two emotes hidden in the game files lord of cinder '' and unmannered bow ''
lord of cinder is bugged and does only a throwing knife animation and unmannered bow is your character doing an angry gesture
was there something in there in particular that was helpful ?
perhaps i can elaborate or maybe there 's a fresh question you can ask ?
she 's gon na take a dive for nwo 2.0 rollout .
saliva and blood tests can be done for active thc .
they are n't as subject to it as urine tests but they can still test positive even when intoxication has passed .
the country of france has seen tourism decline lately .
it decided now would be a good time for travel .
france was growing distant from its old buddy vietnam so it used its free days for a trip to the other side of the world .
en route to its former colony france encountered 2,000 dead seahorses and it siezed them .
those dead seahorses are now french you 'd better believe .
but i like the linearity of half-life with linear games you can share your experiences like a film or book can be much more detailed and tailored and harder to miss things .
rpgs are to me like reading a book that tells you to go to chapters for a decision and that there is no canon path no true route '' .
instead of the dialog focusing on the story and immersion it instead tiptoes around your pervious decisions .
and the paparazzi just happen to know exactly where she is .
this is how celebrities hold on to their fame .
they work together with the paparazzi to stage shit like this .
the whole reason she 's famous in the first place is from nude pictures she accidently leaked '' on the internet .
4 is not too many as long as you have the space and heart for them .
people who do this stuff are the low lives without two cents to rub together .
i 'm sorry but i have an issue with tsm it does n't want to auction the item stone of the elements and i do n't understand why .
i 'll be posting the operation page when imgur will allow it says i 'm posting too quick .
i think you guys are ignoring the simple fact that this is a good thing .
we do n't need more partisan division in the country .
as a former president he should let duterte find his footing .
criticism of duterte should come from everybody except the previous administration .
normally i tend to stick with super dark themes but it 's been a nice change of pace .
when our community met with him last year former tf2 lead robin walker promised to revolutionize the way casual players think about the game that 's valve 's aim with this change
i can only conclude that corbyn is pursuing a strategy of piling up votes in safe seats .
interestingly this strategy is fantastic for mps like diane abbott jeremy corbyn and emily thornberry .
but this is not a good strategy for peter kyle ben bradshaw and others .
now to what extent will jeremy corbyn supporters swing a seat in a marginal ?
the fact that they named the dragon lucky '' alone makes it very cringy already .
bryan sold outrageous merch when he was on top .
put a guy/girl over and book them right they can out do cena in my opinion .
punk got decent matches out of ryback and got him over !
i remember this when it happened like 2-3 years ago ... holy shit .
jesus you considered even going slow with this guy ?
so i made a post bitching about rock band 4 on xbox one not supporting pro drums like the ps4 version did .
essentially you could play with harmonix 's stock kit only with pro drums real kits wouldnt work anymore as they did in previous rock bands and still worked in rock band 4 for ps4 at time of launch .
i made a post complaining to major nelson on twitter and on reddit .
he kindly responded saying he would look into what the issue was .
i do not know if his nudging had anything to do with it but harmonix has found a resolution .
the resolution is a new piece of hardware for 30 bucks but for many rock band drummers this small price is nothing compared to what we have previously invested in rock band making it largely a non issue .
again thanks if you took the time to actually contact some folks regarding this we arent a gigantic group of players but are looking forward to more rock band on xbox one
let 's say my computer uses 400 w. will there be a noise difference between using a 400 w psu and using a 1000 w psu ?
i realize different brands and models are different but i guess what i 'm asking is is there less noise from the psu is you use it under capacity ?
i was give this puzzle as a gift a while ago .
i 've had a really good go at it but i think the makers have made a mistake with it and it 's actually impossible .
if you would like extra photos of it please ask .
hey i think i am missing a greed splinter since the last update .
i only noticed because i was crafting the shards and saw that i was down one greed splinter compared to war splinter even though my next craft of both will take 3 days .
is there any way for you guys to please check ?
my username is dragondav3b and i play on notdoppler .
i have had my most active and fitness-oriented summer ever .
i am only 1 week away from finishing the c25k program and my average daily step count has been around 18000 steps .
september 1st i am participating in my first charity race and i am so proud of myself for the progress i have made .
i am super excited about mixing things up with swing classes and strength training this semester .
i 've comitted to the exercise but i just ca n't commit to changing my diet so i have n't lost any weight at all .
i am still really addicted to chocolate and sodas and all things bad .
and my partner 's milkshake-addiction is n't helping either .
i already feel so much better thanks to all the exercise but i would feel even better if i could change my eating habits and see the number on the scale go down a bit too or at least go down a jeans size .
do you have any tips and tricks on how to deal with cravings and eat less calorie rich food on a busy day ?
review products rant and rave ask for and give advice go where your soul takes you !
pcpartpicker part list http pcpartpicker.com/list/z9k68k price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/list/z9k68k/by_merchant
the motherboard light is lit but the pc does n't start .
list anything you 've done in attempt to diagnose or fix the problem .
changed the 'power wire ' that goes from the case to the 2 pins on mobo to the 'reset wire '
tried to start it without any wires just with the screw driver
the computer was running fine a few hours ago .
however it was running for almost half day continuously which might have caused the problem i think ?
so i tried installing the ultra texture pack and i am stuck on 25.85/25.85 gb http puu.sh/qkcel/9f87550e7f.png .
the download pops back up as soon as i try to start the game and it 's stuck in the same place .
i thought maybe the textures are getting unpacked/installed in the background but looking at my disk activity it doesnt seem like it .
but i have not completely made peace with it yet .
this is also my first reddit post so pardon my english since it is not my native language .
needless to say the girl and i are no longer together .
she is not a reddit user but in the extremely unlikely case that she sees this post i would like to say that i am extremely sorry .
i should never let my cowardice blind my judgements and there is nothing i can do now except begging her forgiveness .
for those who do n't know hbv stands for hepatitis b virus which causes an infectious disease of the liver .
most those with chronical disease has no symptoms but it may eventually leads to cirrhosis and liver cancer .
in the eastern asia country where i come from the virus is wide spread .
almost 1 in 10 person carries it and unfortunately i am one of them .
otherwise i am perfectly healthy with normal liver functions .
the virus can be transmitted via sex or contacting with infected blood but can not be spread by holding hands sharing eating utensils kissing hugging coughing sneezing or breastfeeding .
there is no known cure of it but it is preventable by a well-established vaccine .
i discovered that i am a carrier in my teenage years .
since then my parents has enforce this do-not-tell-anyone policy on me .
indeed two decades ago there are quite some discriminant against it you could be refused to admit into colleges for example .
people are much aware of it nowadays but it varies .
i am your standard nerd i strive for excellence in my studies but am very socially awkward .
so i reached 30 with a ph.d degree but have never even held a girl 's hand .
only last year i met this perfect girl for me .
she is beautiful smart caring and we shared many common interests .
i was head and toes in love with her .
i knew that i need to tell her about the virus one day but i want to show her the good sides of me first .
our relationship progress rapidly and in the summer we decided to take a vacation together which means sex for the first time .
looking back now i definitely should have told her before the trip or at least ask her to get the vaccine .
but somehow i foolishly believed things will be fine as long as i pay attention to safety .
the trip was my happiest short period of life .
we did practice safe sex share no tooth brushes or razors etc .
there was one time she asked to borrow my nail clipper since she forgot to bring hers .
we went outside to buy a new one for her .
a couple month later we decided to move in together .
how can you have hbv ? why did n't you tell me ? i apologized and asked her to get tested .
luckily she is not infected since she had the vaccine before we met a big relief ! .
she said that i should have seen it coming the moment that i decided to hide it from her and i was too selfish to let her to take irreversible risks and our relationship was built upon lies .
i pleaded with her by saying that i did pay attention to safe sex etc .
but they must have sound like excuses and hurt her even more .
so here i am lonely chewed away inside by guilt and regret even after such a long time .
tl dr i am a carrier of the hepatitis b virus .
too cowardly to tell before sex and got dumped by the dream girl no she is not infected .
lesson learned dishonesty destroy the best relations and get the vaccine !
the half who think the title is the ugliest belt wwe has ever commissioned and the half who agree but do n't think it matters .
because it takes away credibility from the main event scene on raw .
the moment it was revealed i did n't hate it because it 's ugly i hated it because it looks so much like a children 's toy that i see no legitimacy in competing for it .
it looks cheap and plastic and as a result has none of the grandeur and lustre that a real world championship has .
it seems silly yes but putting the current belt on blotchy bright red leather really does that much damage and i ca n't help but laugh at the idea of it being taken seriously .
vine type plant square stems and leaves about 2 inches .
if you have been linked to this page please make sure that you 're on the real r/gcxrep and the user who linked you was indeed me and not someone with a similar username trying to impersonate me .
note that just because you 're reading this does n't mean a scammer did n't include this note in their fake profile to trick you into a false sense of security .
double check and do n't get tricked or scammed !
hello everyone here for sale is the 1 lowest float kara friberg blue gem on exchange proof http imgur.com/rapvdfx .
here u can find some in game ss http imgur.com/a/or3dy aswell as the metjm http s.metjm.net/urxkvny.jpg .
as far as i know the other mw is not up for sale and the only ft available dont think u can buy the one owned by friberg himself is only listening to offer of 700k while the owner of the ww told me he is looking for around 550 iirc .
regarding my price i will only say that the ft owner is asking for 700k and the ww one got sold yesterday for 520k .
he was actually offering me his ww 200k for mine proof http imgur.com/rgvokc5
i have a ton of fun playing pos 4/5 support and even some of the play making offlaners .
is there a realistic chance you can get really high mmr with just these or do you need to have some level of good carry/mid play to get there ?
1 ak-47 point disarray field-tested http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198106895978/inventory 730_2_7153394223 0.17476844787598 http csgo.exchange/item/7153394223 3 sold for b/o
4|~~-sticker luminosity gaming foil mlg columbus 2016-~~|||1.5 sold for b/o
b/o 2 keys for 14 acid fades 0.004 float or 1 key for 8
thanks to all the starcraft hype with the recent announcements i imagined more and more starcraft heroes .
i came up with a pretty cool concept with the hellion hellbat .
instead of mounting the pilot can press z to switch between hellion mode racing car and hellbat mode armored firebat .
each mode gives access to new or slightly different abilities .
in hellion mode his attacks are ranged and he gains 20 movement speed .
in hellbat mode his attacks are melee and he gains 20 attack speed .
contrary to regular mounts the switch is not cancelled if the pilot deals or receives damage during the last 3 seconds or during the switch itself .
the switch is however prevented if some hard cc is used like stuns polymorphs etc .
each basic attack reduces this ability cooldown by 1s .
in hellion mode the attack is a long ranged straightforward line .
in hellbat mode the attack is a short ranged cone .
notes the auto attacks of hellion is just a projectile while the hellbat strikes with his fists .
the above ability is a big part of their dps .
the hellion accelerates increasing its bonus movement speed to 80 .
casting this ability also removes all slow effects that affected the hellion .
notes however the slow effects occurring after the cast are still effective .
the hellbat gains a shield equivalent to 30 of its maximum health for 3s .
if it is still active at the end of the duration it explodes dealing moderate damage and knocking back close enemies .
notes the two w abilities have their cooldown shared .
this means using one puts the other on cooldown for the same duration .
thanks to that one can directly see if any w ability is usable in both forms .
throws a grab in the targeted direction affecting the first enemy unit hit .
in hellbat mode pulls the hellbat to the victim .
the grab remains on the target for 3s slowing it by 30 as long as it remains close to the hellbat .
the victim is progressively slowed when moving away from the hellion until 90 in 2s .
the target can break the grab if it goes far enough from the hellion .
notes switching forms completely cancels any hook action occurring at the same time .
in hellion form the channelling is taking place until the target arrives to the hellion making a sound of rewinding a cable .
during that time the hellion can not attack move or use an ability .
any silence stun polymorph or reactivating the ability cancels the channelling .
the hellion charges quickly towards the targeted enemy hero becoming unstoppable and knocking back enemy units in its path .
after the collision the hellion keeps pushing the victim in the same direction until it meets terrain where the enemy hero takes damage .
both the hellion and its target are then stunned for 2s .
notes it has 1s of channelling and a big acceleration sound letting enemies know what is coming and allowing some counterplay .
also if there 's a building or wall between the hellion and his target the hellion bumps into it stunning himself only .
however after the collision the enemy becomes unstoppable too and ca n't move attack or use any ability until the end .
the hellbat blazes a wider and longer conic area in the targeted direction .
in addition to damaging enemies on cast the area is burned for 6s inflicting damage every second to enemies staying on it .
the hellion can reactivate the ability to make a jump ramp appear on his path .
provided good timing it allows to jump over terrain .
can be used before or after the collision but only once per cast .
each second of damage over time also destroys an ammunition from buildings .
your basic attacks are replaced with a hellfire cast dealing half the normal damage without cost .
hellfire becomes an activated ability that makes you throw blue flames .
enemies already damaged by the blue flame take full damage from the hellfire .
you can activate this ability to change form while leaping towards the target location .
for context fh and i have n't been to a wedding since we were little kids and i feel like we 're making up a lot of stuff as we go .
we 're planning on having our rehearsal dinner at our house backyard 2 nights before the wedding .
all the websites i 'm searching do n't actually say anything about rehearsing anything .
i originally imagined we would talk to our family about how we 're walking up/down the aisle practise our speeches and have some dinner afterward .
am i right or is this just supposed to be another party to get people together ?
what are you guys doing for your rehearsal dinner ?
so i 've had a king crab b for a little while now .
i dont like how lrm 's make hilariously quick work of them but that 's moot since i bought the mech and am stuck with it lol .
so i 've been mixing up the loadouts and so far the only build i actually somewhat like is a 3 ll and 2 a/c20 build .
hot as hell but if i time it right i can core another assault .
the problem is that my timing sucks and i usually take way way more damage than i dish out from mechs of the same tonnage .
its sad because i cant core an atlas before he takes me out with lrms or srms .
so i 'm looking for builds that keep the dps up and the heat down .
i was thinking about lb10 's and srms as they work smashingly on my orion-va but i 'm not sure that its a proper build for a king crab .
if ichibe gives names to everything with his powers and can change them just as he sees fit or take them away all together why did n't he rewrite or steal yhwach 's sternritter powers ?
like actually rename almighty to ant '' or something useless or just take his powers away all together and give him a new sternritter power .
he could have stopped this entire thing by himself .
regardless of the almighty powers he has they could have been renamed .
it was honestly one of those holy shit ! ''
moments when it spawns a player for the boss .
however to change it up you 'd be given a stat buff instead .
i mean obviously like with the old monk it could lead to a disappointing and easy boss fight .
still i feel like the fact this idea has n't been brought back in any of the games so far is a shame .
it came out of nowhere and just added a unique element to the fight because you had no idea what strategy the person would use what gear .
it meant every time you fought them it was a different fight .
also to make it fairish '' you would n't be able to summon help for the fight .
i 'm looking for the games in the title those that appear in humble monthly those in the current humble bundles and those listed at the bottom of this post .
i 'll do multiple games for more valuable games .
steam gifts i have up for trade can be found in my trading threads on r/steamgameswap and r/gametrade .
just check my comment history to find my most recent threads if you 're interested .
or check my steam profile http steamcommunity.com/id/zenchizennou for a list .
i 'm only trading those for case keys or verified paypal if i feel comfortable with it .
interstellar marines spearhead edition gives extra steam gift of the game
i may be just really bad with pain but i ca n't hardly stand how bad everything hurts .
from my teeth to my jaw to my throat i 'm in so much pain .
i 've been keeping up with pain medication but it 's only been like 8 hours since the procedure was done and it did n't seem to help too much .
ice also seems to help but only so much i 'm having the most trouble with pain when i swallow from my throat muscles being stretched out .
i 'm afraid i wo n't be able to handle it especially if it stays at this level for more than the next two days .
there has to be a better way than checking system maps right ?
so i 'm still throwing around the idea of pursuing helos as a future career .
i 've done some research about how the different levels of certifications work and had a question .
some people have suggested that you get your ppl on fixed wing first as its cheaper to do then getting your cpl for helos as an add-on .
is there any benefit to this other than cost ?
and do flight hours on a fixed wing count for helo hours ie all the hours from obtaining ppl ?
the term social justice '' seems to be popping up quite a bit but from the usage i 'm struggling to derive the meaning .
i 'd like to understand what is meant by social justice '' .
i tried searching but did n't find anything particularly helpful .
i 'm not here to debate or judge just to learn .
blizzard changed the interface menu since last time i did this and i ca n't find it .
ive been an avid horde player for most of wow .
played wod on horde for about a month and stopped playing .
heard about class changed and dh so i came back to wow .
had a 62 pally on alliance from way back when and started playing that .
im in between in playing horde or alliance for legion ... just too epic and got chills when flying into ironforge and stormwind .
but horde has been my squad since day one ... . let me know what you guys are playing !
with there being a lot of discussion about the universal title on raw i was wondering what everyone thinks about smackdown 's title scene .
with backlash only being a few weeks away we could likely see sd getting its own tag and women 's titles before or during that ppv .
it also wouldnt surprise me to see ambrose 's championship get a dose of blue paint .
there has been a lot of hate for universal championship both in name and appearance and i am looking forward to seeing what wwe do with the new belts .
it could get very messy namewise if we have the wwe champion and universal tag titles on one show and the universal champion and wwe tag titles on the other .
was browsing my computer when i stumbled across this screenshot http imgur.com/a/npiny from the past .
it 's been nine months since the last payment from choxi .
legal retribution stalled by choxi 's inability to respond to our law firm .
flying down to nyc from socal to meet with a law firm on park ave next week to simplify matters .
i read on a post from another vendor that they are headed toward bankruptcy and are being investigated by ny 's ag .
anyone in the same boat have any news or updates to share ?
i live in oregon deschutes county i know we have no emissions testing but can the people in my neighborhood do anything ?
i have a stage two 08 lgt with full catless exhaust so she is pretty loud .
gf and i will be going to the saints/chargers game for my bday 10/2 we 'll be there sat-mon .
was wondering aside from the game what else is there to do in san diego ?
reading the comcast description for next sunday 's episode and the next episode previews stone is saying it 's your life we 're talking about here .
i am assuming naz is faced with a decision that will probably sure up winning his trial but will also ruin chandras career in some way .
get out of jail or make an ass out of my attorney who 's helped me so much and i kissed ?
we are releasing our debut full length lp this year .
here you will find one of our singles for the upcoming album https mouthlessmutters.bandcamp.com/album/resist-enemies-single we have a lot more in store for you and hope you give us a chance you can follow our album progress at https www.facebook.com/mouthlessmutters
he 's completely ignoring the almost successful military coup which if successful would have made japan fight to the death .
i think our planet is just a huge gambling arena for extra-terrestrials .
each 'alien ' is betting on who will grow up to be the one who pushes the button that destroys the planet .
they each create this personality on their computers a mix of character traits that they believe will be the perfect mix for someone who will gain power to annihilate earth .
they then queue it and it becomes a mind that awaits birth in the body of a baby .
this game is the reason i do n't play lol the community is n't as toxic .
i have been a player since the celeste release and i have seen things .
tank krul 6 sm saw the warhorn saw comps kestrel 's release the joule bug that turned her into a one-shot machine etc .
and what will we destroy this community and the possible future of this game over ?
please i am begging you denizens of the subreddit do n't turn salty .
fling slurs at me call me moronic anything to vent your anger as long as we calm down .
i do n't have all the info on these events causing so many of us to turn to salt but i do know this .
we can not afford division over these simple things .
go to that new subreddit just remember that some people on this sub want to see more on the front page than just leaks .
this toxicity on the front page is not necessary .
you could probably vent about more than match maker or trolls on there .
please can we all calm down and settle this in a civil manner or leave if you choose to do so .
i just do n't want one of the only communities i am a part of to become a place of anger .
but alas the law of averages always has its way .
edit ay lmao i 'm getting downvoted for having an opinion on the internet like the rest of you ay lmao
you do know this post is just a call to peace right ?
if no one listens here then i 'll return to not being listened to in my actual life .
seriously please community if you really do n't like me for a simple opinion on a game then so be it .
force my karma down while forcing the people you agree with up .
as long as you are happy with everything in your world y'know the one that 7.4 billion people also happen to inhabit i guess it 's alright for you .
edit 2 for anyone calling this a restriction of rights '' you do realize downvoting people with a positive opinion about the rules is just as much censorship as what the rule change did ?
i now have at least 118000000 experience points in the cooking skill .
ignored may not be the best word to use but oh well .
so i 'm 20m at college in east texas and i 'm fairly open my campus has a fair amount of lgbtq people and i 'm very welcome here in that respect .
however i 've noticed that i 'm being ignored by a lot of people when it comes to romantic advances .
example i was chatting with this girl in one of my classes and asked her out .
she said yes so we went out for dinner .
another mutual friend of mine from the allies '' group was there and she stepped over said hi nothing crazy happened .
my date asked how i knew her and i said from the allies group .
she knows about the group but wondered why i was in it .
now i 've never dated a guy all i 've ever done with a man is kiss but she went crazy .
she thought i was n't worth dating because i was more likely to cheat and she just is n't attracted to bi guys .
ever since that lovely evening i have n't been able to get anyone to even go out with me .
not unless i keep my sexuality a secret which i do n't like doing like i 'm sure you guys do n't either .
running late for class and you see that guy in the distance who loves talking about car transmissions .
this is an automatic summary original http www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-37149800 reduced by 38 .
according to rt eacute and the irish times the officials include oci chief executive stephen martin who is from bangor county down .
brazilian police are seeking to acquire the passports of three other people connected to the oci .
rte says the development is part of an ongoing investigation and there is nothing to suggest impropriety on the part of any of those involved .
quot a statement released by the oci said quot early this morning in rio brazilian police arrived at the oci offices in the olympic village and at oci accommodation outside of the village .
quot the oci personnel were asked to present for questioning at a local police station on tuesday .
quot the oci had an allocation of unused official tickets in their offices which had been made available for athletes 039 families and friends .
the police also took possession of these tickets . ''
the oci board is due to meet in dublin to discuss the issue on sunday evening .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-37149800 faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 79355 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords oci 1 police 2 kevin 3 official 4 director 5
post found in r/worldnews http np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/4yysnr/rio_ticket_sales_three_oci_officials_have r/besteurope http np.reddit.com/r/besteurope/comments/4ywfl4/rio_illegal_ticket_sales_three_oci_officials_have r/freeeuropenews http np.reddit.com/r/freeeuropenews/comments/4ywly3/rio_illegal_ticket_sales_three_oci_officials_have and r/europe http np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4ywdxo/rio_illegal_ticket_sales_three_oci_officials_have .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
i 've been thinking of dying my hair for a few months now but i 've never followed through with it .
i chose that i have wanted to dye my hair jet black .
and if it matters i 'm gon na use garnier nutrisse box dye
i 've just heard that if i dye my hair black the black will never come out .
and i 'll never get to dye it another color if i wanted to ?
and i 'm worried about what it 'll fade into over time ?
i just got this achievement but it did n't make it onto my rarest achievement showcase does anyone have the number on theirs i 'm very curious
this is an automatic summary original http indianexpress.com/article/world/world-news/mexican-president-pena-nieto-plagiarized-law-thesis-report-2989876 reduced by 18 .
mexican president enrique pena nieto plagiarized nearly a third of his 1991 undergraduate law thesis according to a report published on sunday by one of mexico 039 s leading investigative journalists .
the article and accompanying video were published on the website of journalist carmen aristegui whose investigative team revealed in 2014 that pena nieto 039 s wife was in the process of acquiring a luxury home from a government contractor .
the casa blanca scandal as it came to be known dealt a major blow to the reputation of pena nieto whose poll numbers have recently hit all-time lows over perceptions he and his institutional revolutionary party have failed to stamp out rampant crime and corruption .
in a statement government spokesman eduardo sanchez sought to play down the accusation of plagiarism instead calling the omissions quot style errors. quot he added that pena nieto met all the requirements needed to graduate as a lawyer from panamerican university .
in 2015 aristegui was dismissed by her employer mvs radio after it accused her and her team of offering without prior authorization the broadcaster 039 s name and funding for a new platform for investigative journalism called mexicoleaks .
summary source http smmry.com/http indianexpress.com/article/world/world-news/mexican-president-pena-nieto-plagiarized-law-thesis-report-2989876 faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 79354 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords nieto 1 pena 2 aristegui 3 investigative 4 report 5
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
i graduated with chemistry bs want to go to grad school .
i worked in a forensic lab in school and dealt with explosives and it was quite interesting .
but a lot of chemistry jobs out there require the use of hplc lc ms and all that .
our lab have that but only avaliable to grad student .
a master student in our lab got hired by gov before finishing the degree and our phd students are applying to fbi .
it seems like jobs are quite well but i read forensic chemistry is not a real major and it is better and safer to get a phd analytical chemistry ?
something about media glorified csi and there are more graduate students than jobs i am really confused and would like some insight from other forensic chemist .
also if i ca n't apply for gov job is the job market for private sector good or saturated in america ?
after thinking about what the issue could of been in the series aside from their performances which for the most part was n't that bad and their team comp they drafted it was pretty evident that immortals shot calling is what that may of cost them the game .
while immortals do agree that the shot calling is done as a whole there were some pretty clear questionable calls during the game .
the ones that stuck out the most were huni back door attempt and the three man baron which also pobelter blew a teleport just to secure and only die afterwards .
one on the main things a lot of people were wondering is who would of been the main shot caller on in this team when it was first put together while having everyone putting their input it seems in very crucial moments the shot calling starts to fall apart not only in this series but in a lot of immortals losses there 's always some questionable calls .
i feel like immortals shot calling starts to crumble under pressure whilst they have made some pretty epic comebacks vs dig for example it seems like they do n't make the right calls when it really counts .
i hope this is something immortals can improve on as a whole or maybe having one shot caller instead .
is there currently a line group for pokemon go ?
if we do not have one and we want to start my line name is trivy88 .
if there is one set up please add me .
this does not have to start out as team specific or just for gyms ... it can be everything and then we branch off later .
for my job i need a printer at home which will be used perhaps just 10 or 15 times every year to stop myself from having to spend 30 minutes traveling back and fourth to the office just to make a single print-out .
it does n't need very high print quality color printing scanning or anything else it just needs to work when i need it .
it 's mainly for printing checklists shipping notes and plane tickets .
not taking up a lot of space and preferably being cheap are huge bonuses .
as in the title is there any way i can recover them ?
have you guys seen any improvements in your skin after beginning nofap and if so how long did it take for you to notice the results ?
i also posted this on the titanfall 2 forums posting here as well .
i have been playing titanfall 1 for about 1 year and some change .
i am a gen 10 pilot as well if that means anything .
i came late to the scene and only so due to a co-worker who knew i played fps games on pc .
he keeps insisting i play titanfall and i kept ignoring him saying nothing compares to quake .
i played on xbox one with mouse and keyboard for the tech test .
if you do n't know how this is possible google is your friend that 's not what i 'm here to talk about .
i did play with a controller for the first 6-8 months and it was a lot of fun .
i am a pc player at heart and only played on xbox to play with co-workers .
i would have liked to play on pc but by the time i started to get into titanfall most lobbies were unfortunately dead .
so there was no point in getting a second copy .
i will however be playing on both pc and xbox for titanfall 2 .
i do not know a whole lot about game design theory coding and all that fancy stuff .
i do not claim to be some gaming genius .
these are my opinions as a player of titanfall .
i love what you guys have done for the most part in what you have shown us in the tech test .
i really do love titanfall and i want it to be as good as possible for everyone .
knowing that i know some things need to be re-adjusted to reach a greater audience .
you have a great game one of my favorite of all time .
i want more players to come and enjoy what you guys have created and for it to last the test of time .
besides what 's a first person shooter game with no one to shoot .
i will start off with the things that i enjoyed and liked about the tech test before voicing my concerns .
i really like the leveling progression system from what we can see .
it feels like i gain something every time every match and is an incentive to keep playing .
this was definitely lacking in titanfall 1 it is so nice to see the change in titanfall 2 .
i really ca n't wait to see what you guys do with it .
very happy to also see a glow around players in replays when they move behind objects .
this is a nice effect and helps when locating who the heck shot you .
so happy that has been introduced to the game i can meet up with friends find a game rock a clan tag and frag .
i did however notice the time to ready up is too small .
also if a player is in another menu they do n't seem to be getting the invites ?
after one game playing together we have to back out of the next match and do it all over again because we are in different games or different teams ?
one other thing i noticed was the happy hours and how they could be abused .
multiple networks with linear happy hour times switch networks to the next and profit every hour ?
by far my favorite of the two so far .
lots of walls to run off of and so many rooftops !
ample sniping points and low ground to tunnel below the map .
pilots vs pilots plays out very well with this map .
i also like the tree 's that cover certain areas of the map to give some cover .
for some reason i feel like stone hedge should be here somewhere or some stone statues of pilots from the war .
i also noticed you can climb trees and strafe off of them so cool .
they look excellent feel very open with multiple routes and vertically .
awesome graphics if that your thing plenty of hiding spots that will probably get you killed .
i would n't recommend camping this is n't the game for it .
bright colors that do n't strain my eyes is a plus .
i do n't feel like i can see who is above me or below me unlike in titanfall 1 .
i feel like the ttk time to kill is perfectly balanced .
being a carbine user since titanfall 1 it feels like pretty much the same and in some situations faster .
witch i do not mind at all i feel titanfall should be a faster-paced game .
it allows me to out gun players in a hairy situation and put in some pressure with no backup .
the movement has added some nice changes and also some unwelcomed nerfs .
it is not too fast the problem lies with the movement .
this is something i think we can all agree on .
even the walk speed feels slower please correct me if i am wrong .
with this said when players circle up '' in a gun fight it makes little difference how well you can stutter step and through of another player 's prediction .
now a skilled player will stim in the middle of that fight to gain an advantage in movement as well and healing capabilities it carries .
because that will result in everyone needing stim who use a close to mid range weapon .
let 's face it cloak wo n't help you in this circle up '' situation .
when i first heard titanfall 2 would introduce a slide mechanic i was to be honest a little hesitant .
i did n't quite see how it would work in titanfall 2 .
after having tried it out for a few hours i was pleasantly surprised how well it worked in the new title .
the ability to gain speed off of a ledge to give your pilot a needed speed boost works very nice with the ability to chain a wall run and bunny hop as well .
however the bunny hopping is a complete let down .
it 's hard to say without having the chance to play more and really delve into the mechanic if it is working at all really .
in titanfall one as an example i could wall run then jump off the wall land then bunny hop changing my speed to my next bunny hop and so forth .
i can not for the life of me get this to work in the tech test .
aside from bunny hopping while i have stim it seems nonexistant .
maybe i am wrong and people will say get gud '' learn to play '' etc .
i also come from playing quake where the bunny hopping and strafing mechanic is by far the best out there .
circle jumping air strafing over bounces different forms of singles doubles etc .
that is why i latched on to titanfall so fast and fell in love .
it totally reminded me of quake but mixed with the more popular fps styles of today .
but i have played for as many hours as i could working the entire weekend with mixed results sad to say the least this drastically takes away from the mobility and challenge of killing other players .
the movement is one of the main reason i played titanfall .
with out it i might as well play another title .
for example what 's up with the weak eject .
in titanfall 1 you would eject so much higher and coupled with a stim and circle strafe made your eject awesome .
this in turn made goosing pilots so much more fun and challenging .
this is just watered down in its current form .
yet another thing that should not have been changed .
it limits what is possible to accomplish with skill and practice .
i myself do n't like to see stim eject flag caps but if i ca n't shoot them out of the sky that 's on me and my team .
the way it is set up in its current form does n't reward the guessing game of will they eject or just hop out of the titan before doom .
why do i feel like i have sand bags attached to my feet ?
i have a freaking jump pack with rockets attached to my rear end !
i 'm not playing black ops 3 why do i feel like i 'm slowly running on walls like that .
not to bash on black ops at all and it player base i just do n't like the speed used in that titles wall running mechanic .
titanfall 1 wall running speed was perfect and you guys nerfed it .
is it that much harder to kill someone running that much faster ?
i do n't think so and i feel that it should return to its original state .
this brings me to zip lines and well lack there of .
zip lines added key movement speed to titanfall 1 .
you could grab a zip line and detach early to start your bunny hop with a major boost allowing you to get in a good position to cover or save your own and get the out of there .
this is very helpful in ctf as well as many other game modes .
it added that much more depth to the playing field and gave the player so many different options on paths to take across the map and new lines to cap flags .
it 's annoying to see zip lines that i can not take use of in the tech test .
i do n't see how removing them if indeed that is what 's going to happen benefits pro players or new players alike .
not to mention when you are able to kill a player while riding a zip line with for example the kraber and being so stoked because that was an insane shot .
the skill involved make the game more rewarding to new and pro players .
it adds nothing to the game and only takes away options .
is it just me or is it harder to place where i want my titan to drop in the tech test .
in titanfall 1 i could tell by feel almost where it was going to drop .
this allowed me to drop it on other titans block and split the heads of my opposition .
now i did not have the time to use every single weapon in the tech test .
i did however get to use the carbine kraber re45 auto pistol charge rifle car and grenades arc grenades .
these were a blast to use and for the most part was a great throwback to the original titanfall .
i can only hope we get even more great weapons to choose from with the full release of the game .
by far my favorite weapon as a main in titanfall 1 and will probably stay that way in titanfall 2 .
the hip fire is so good almost too good i have to admit .
that may need a little bit of nerfing sad to say .
could have a bit more bullet spread on hip firing to compensate .
but otherwise i feel like it is in a good form .
i do n't see any need to change anything here .
i do n't see any need to change anything here .
i for one love the charge rifle in titanfall 1 because it was hard to use and if you were good at using it you earned it .
the charge rifle is always amped in its reload speed .
goosing and sniping are so simple it 's hilarious to use .
i have a charge rifle montage on youtube if anyone is interested in killing a few minutes .
i will have my links to social media in the closing .
if you can make it to the end of this wall of text .
now i can understand nerfing arc grenades that were needed .
but why nerf how far i can throw them ?
i do n't even mind that they recharge over time .
sometimes the only way last ditch effort to save a flag is by cooking a grenade and well-placed aim to save the day .
fine but i feel like someone is going to make a meme from the sandlot .
you throw like a girl '' i have a shorted so many grenades and missed window openings it 's becoming comical .
not a fan at all honestly i would rather play attrition .
this may be due to the lack of competition and bad pub teammates but it felt boring .
one side camping the other side in some sort of moba type of farming .
i hate how the bank only opens after each wave .
does it make it that much more different to have it open all the time ?
if i leave to drop money in the bank is still not gaining any funds my team is a man down farming what 's the difference ?
do you not want people to flank the oppositions bank and steal funds ?
would n't that be fun and or add some interesting dynamic to the game ?
very fun and exciting addition to plain old boring hardpoint .
did n't get to play since the updated titan timers that was needed and i am happy that it was fixed .
a game mode i hated in titanfall 1 but loved in titanfall 2 .
this was by far my most played game type in tech test .
i can see how people would get mad because of being spawn trapped and i had a lot of fun spawn trapping them and raking in the kills .
pro tip do n't walk out the front door to your death double back to take an alternative route and flank .
i do n't understand why players think it 's a good idea to just rush back out lol .
lambs to the slaughter going 40-3 and 42-9 were highlights of mine d
in closing i had so much fun playing in this weekends tech test .
i ca n't wait till next weekend to see if anything changes or has been added .
i know you are not tailoring to the die hard titanfall 1 fans and want to bring it to the masses .
but think about this we kept that game alive and it is still alive .
making things slower does n't level the playing field .
people will naturally find new ways to gain an advantage .
the reason i loved titanfall was the skill cap was nonexistent .
when you limit possibilities you limit playability and replay .
please give us back what we loved from titanfall .
thanks to everyone who took the time to read this long-winded rant .
if you do find an extra minute or 10 please take a look at my review on youtube i spent allot of time working on it .
i look forward to hearing all of you comments on my take .
please feel free to let me know what you think .
these are my opinions so take them with a grain of salt .
i openly criticise so i am willing to accept your criticisms .
have a look at my youtube review of the tech test !
i dont think i can post links here so search my name and you should be able to find it .
you can find me on twitter youtube twitch.tv and xbox live c/haights
i 've a dilemma which gpu to purchase as both cost the same where i live due to heavy gtx 970 discounts
currently i use a gtx 960 2gb i bought it quite cheap but it 's been a bit underwhelming from the start and prices for used will plummet once more people buy 10xx .
i play at 1080p mainly overwatch and plan to purchase a 120/144hz monitor in future .
another option is to wait for a gtx 1060 6gb price drop but currently it 's 30 more expensive .
rx 480s are not available and the few that are cost the same as a 1060 .
most of my friends have moved on from siege to other games so i 'm looking to add some more people to play ranked with .
good communicators good callouts accurate concise can win the game bad ones can cost teammates ' lives .
team players be willing to do what 's required for the team to win we ca n't all be roamers one person should n't be forced to constantly take rook/thermite unless they want to etc .
mature i 'm not going to make an age requirement because i know not all kids are dickheads but if i want to be tked deal with mic spam or have my teammates rage on me for having an off match i 'd play with randoms from matchmaking .
gold/plat level players last season i made it to gold iv before i stopped playing around the middle of the season .
i 'm looking for similarly skilled players no one gets a free ride .
that being said i 'm not going to reject you just because you 're at silver i realize we all have off games and if you solo-queued for your placements your rank might not remotely match your actual skill .
if those qualities sound like they fit your playstyle add me on uplay runaway254 .
as far as scheduling i usually play afternoons/nights edt/est and play fairly regularly .
i was wondering what the best credit card is for phone insurance .
i know that wells fargo offers one but i hate them with a passion because they 've fucked with me before for no reason .
in case anyone was curious i was i rooted around on the intrawebs series of tubes and tried adding up the total nrg cost of clearing all dirnado island instances .
is 825 ... of which i think 66 is from explorations and 28 comes from the 1 and 2 diablo fights ...
i could of course be entirely wrong but that 's what i found ... it happens more than i care to admit .
shinies/sr 'd events from my spreadsheet https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/161al89ngwsk4wyd4lcoqwre73rrvn468dqg1zjh92c4/edit ? usp=sharing
na arceus codes x16 1 each or all for 15
worlds sharpedo adamant obtained by me dates 8/20 and 8/23 30
facebook hong kong hk kangaskhan adamant x2~~x1 jolly x1 obtained by me 10
walmart scizor obtained a while back from neoseeker with proof
20th anniversary pokemon with redemption proof 10 for all 3
edit it turns out the online seller sent me a keyboard that was defective .
the keyboard was not recognized by three computers i tried and after closer examination i noticed the retail packaging had been previously opened and there was some sort of red label half peeled off of one end of the box .
this past weekend me and my gf managed to get to 55 and we 're looking to go 55-56 next weekend but do n't really feel like pirates .
we have been doing the valencia questline and ran across bashims which we thought might be a good substitute .
for reference i 'm a sorc with 154/196 char screen with a duo liverto but she is a warrior with around 107/151 and only 15 yuria .
we were also thinking about looking for a sausan group to maybe be faster .
we did helms for 51-53 then pirates for 53-55 .
i know this sounds really dumb but do all the intro spanish classes involve a lot of conversing with classmates or in front of the whole class ?
i 'm a senior who has n't take a foreign language .
i have some issues like awful social and general anxiety .
i have ods accommodations but if chatting is a big part of the class i do n't really imagine there is a way around that .
i was also wondering if anyone here had taken the spanish or any clep exam ?
how hard was it and how long did it take your scores to be sent to school ?
i 've got a couple of spanish language learning programs and i am considering just studying on my own for a few months and taking the clep exam towards the end of the semester .
i have been searching for a game you can put a lot of hours in .
i found this game and many people say they put 100 hours in it .
and since this subreddit is full of animal crossing fans i thought i would ask this question to the ones that enyoyed this game the most .
btw i have never played an animal crossing game in my life
btw is is becoming a nintendo select so if i get it i will pay 20 euros for it
hey everyone just purchased eso for my xbone and was wondering if you have a tips or advice for the beginning
if u live near geneva are le and are able to go to lan then plz add me http steamcommunity.com/id/mastare2
i did n't know what to put as a title .
basically i 've never done much combat and i 'd like to know the best way to get to elite in combat .
i 'm not a pvp guy so i figured res would be the best place to grind to elite ?
what i also wanted to know is which ship is the funniest but also efficient in res ?
i have a vulture which i did n't fly a lot it was quite fun but i found it pretty weak after a patch i think it was 1.4 or something like that .
i also have a corvette and a cutter but these are so boring to fly .
they fly like a brick and any fast ship is impossible to target .
the civil war has been over for almost 4 years now however among the violence that still persists as well as the lingering conditions of many of the people in rural areas there is much disease and injury that goes untreated .
with the end of the war the mexican army will turn its medical corp to the people in order to help those in the greatest need .
hospital camps will be set up among the rural states of the nation especially those in the north near the us frontier run by the mexican army medical corp they will also recruit the help of any local people with medical knowledge in order to help bring healthcare to the people of the nation that require it the most handing out medicines making checks on injuries and assisting with any local issues that come up .
the camps will also be given a token guard of soldiers headed by a federal officer in order to deter any banditry or theft and will draft this guard primarily from the local peasant battalion .
the corps will hopefully begin to train and assist locals interested in the profession so that when they once again have to leave they will not be without medical care .
i have an offer to study a master 's international relations at both nottingham and sheffield and was wondering did any of this sub have experience of either of the departments ?
from my own research i understand sheffield is marginally the better university but i would prefer to live in nottingham .
as much as i do n't like to see lies about jill and derogatory attacks on her supporters such as calling anyone who does not support hillary not progressive '' disgruntled '' throwing a temper tantrum '' childish '' etc ... i have been amused to see the vitriol against us .
i guess i have gotten used to being called names .
first as a bernie supporter now as a jill supporter .
it really does not help their case at all .
k so the only evidence they have on me is an oz of weed and a small bag with some alprazolam residue and a couple tiny chunks i guess i didnt eat .
the little pieces were from broken alp bars you couldnt tell what it was .
i told the cop i use the bag to carry my kpin script in so if it tests positive for benzo i can excuse it with my script ?
the cop originally thought it was coke just because it was white i told him it wasnt but im sure its being tested .
i was very calm and collected during the whole thing and the cop did not suspect me to be on anything i was on at least 30mgs yay horrendous tolerance
i think with this team i can go further beyond and surpass all .
first off this is my first post here so thanks for reading and i am still fairly green so please excuse me if this is a stupid question or if i leave out any info !
ran in to some some frustration today on the job with some odd behaviour from both my arc and my material .
would have taken a picture but they are pretty serious about the nda at work .
i am a production tig welder and was working on a run of product that i have dealt with many times before but i was having trouble with a 3/4 '' square tube that is coped to sit flush between two parallel pieces of of 1 1/4 '' round tube all mild steel .
both have wall thickness of around 10gauge and it 's a weld all around deal tiny little welds .
the problem i am running into comes at the corners of the square tube they weld fine until it comes to the corner and then i start getting sputtering and spatter and often porosity ends up leaving tie ins looking like the face of the moon .
the oddest thing about it is that it seems to happen the most during sections of the joint that should have the best gas coverage .
parts are clean no fans or breezes and only welds like a sparkler on the corners .
checked gas flow at torch and it seems to be fine .
this also seems to happen on perhaps 3 of 8 corners .
i highly doubt i am running too hot as i barely initiate an arc then bam torn bun .
i am running about 110 amps on my synchrowave 250 but am barely touching my pedal using 1/8 '' e3 electrode 5 cup with about a 3/8 '' stick out 25cfh of argon/mison which is nitrous additive essentially .
using some 030 mild steel mig wire for filler .
any ideas and n what could be going on ?
yesterday i was putting into google searches for quantum theory explosives high capacity handguns and parallel universes .
this morning i searched for info on the nypd muscle cars more guns and various geographical locations .
it then occurred to me this could look pretty weird to someone who does n't know i 'm grabbing information for a novel .
keep all your drafts guys even the rough and unready shite .
i wanted to drop a quick recommendation on pf based on recent experience i had with medical debt .
the upfront tl dr is that medical debt is negotiable and many providers have systems in place for debt reduction or forgiveness .
my wife and i accrued a significant amount of medical debt as a result of our daughters birth .
after spending months trying to pay it down we came to an agreement on a payment plan .
several months after that we learned that the hospital actually had a debt reduction/forgiveness program we could 've taken advantage of from the start .
we went through a lengthy application and exception process and were finally accepted but this would 've been a quick and easy process if we 'd taken advantage of it from the beginning .
i strongly recommend that anyone who has medical bills or expects to have medical bills familiarize themselves with potential financial assistance programs offered by their care providers .
we were able to eliminate thousands of dollars of debt via a two page application .
i got a new phone on a new account and my son wants my old phone .
he has a non jailbroken 6 on ios 9.3.3 .
i 'm swapping out imei numbers thru verizon so his number will work on my old phone .
problem is if he does a backup of his 9.3.3 to keep his contacts and photos etc when he connects my plus to itunes can he do a restore from backup from his phone to get his stuff onto my old phone without losing the jailbreak ?
just got home to a delivery for madden for xbox one .
had a few more hours left on trial but pumped .
dan ... has literally been the only reason i 've played street fighter since the alpha series ... i even collect his memorabilia .
with omega seeing the strongest version of dan that has ever been created .
and street fighter iv seeing a perfectly usable albeit low tier dan i was hopefully for more ...
i 'd say its been 8 or 9 years since the last time i rammed a stick of butter up my ass while jerking off and fingering my asshole .
i did it because it felt really good but that 's not the point of this story .
i want to tell you of the events proceeding this fateful masturbation .
i 'm sitting there watching the fresh prince of bel air and around 15 minutes go by and i feel a sticky wetness on my ass cheeks and ballsack .
this is when i realized that the butter i had shoved up my asshole had melted and leaked out onto my couch and it had a very distinct putrid stench to it .
it had mixed with my shit to create something far worse than shit .
it was probably the worst thing i 've smelt in all my life .
it actually smelt many times worse than the time i had stuck a pickle up my asshole and forgot about until the morning after .
while standing there taking in this wonderfully putrid smell i realize that i can not be the only one to smell this .
so i walked quickly upstairs with my ass cheeks clenched not wanting to spill a drop of my shit butter .
i pull out from my sock drawer a heavy woolen sock and unload the contents of my asshole into it .
i now had the urge to do a barrel roll out my window to escape the horrid odor .
i quickly tied the top of the sock and left my house .
as i walked down the street a brownish-yellow liquid slowly dripped from the bottom of the sock .
the neighborhood kids became very curious as to what was going on and as they approached they caught a whiff of the putrid smell emanating from the sock .
this is when joanna my neighbors 13 year old daughter vomited what looked like a freshly eaten peanut butter and jelly sandwich all over the street .
i nearly came in my pants at that moment .
in fact the only thing keeping me from raping joanna while she lay in a pool of her own vomit was my sock full of shit butter .
i knew i had something to do and i was damn sure going to do it .
i finally made it to my local grocery store .
every asshole in the vicinity could smell the putrid odor but nobody knew where it came from .
what the fuck is that smell. this smell is so bad i think i am going to kill myself with a hammer one man said .
i even saw a fellow depraved maniac in the corner of my eye .
i could tell because he had the same smile that i did .
i 'm sure he 's raped a severely mentally challenged child in his lifetime .
the old nigger who sat in front of shoprite saying hello to every asshole strolling by .
i could tell because he was gasping for air .
i quickly approached him thinking this will be the greatest day of my life .
nothing could stop me now. this is when i felt a sudden burst .
i realized later that i had shot a load off in my pants right at that moment .
i clenched the sock tight with both hands and swung it at the niggers face with all my might .
i hit him in the cheek with such force that the brownish-liquid had sprayed out all over his face .
i sat back laughing as he washed out his eyes with bottled water .
he asked why ? and i responded by dumping the rest of the socks contents on his head .
while everybody was distracted i walked into shoprite and quickly shoved as many apples as i could up my ass .
i left shoprite with the most satisfaction i have ever felt in my life .
i remember thinking wow i 'm such a great person i get 4 free apples and i get to go home and jerk off to cp.
when i think back on that day i can always remember how sweet those apples tasted .
lv 32 baaschaf the yuoaman from trading in 2nd city ?
lv 28 eschouten i do n't use this at all prepping to swap out later with a dunseraph once the dunsparce i have in daycare gets more levels
are there typings that i wo n't have an advantage for ?
should i just get dunsparce back and slap the exp share on it ?
have n't played anything past diamond/pearl and even then did n't bother with ev 's so do n't think i will now .
also lowkey do i have to walk all the back through route 10 after the gym ...
does anyone have a pic of the pre-order offer card at best buy ?
i want to order for the bonus reward points but want to make sure that the offer includes the sparrow .
i read there is a pre-order card but my store does n't have it .
hey everyone so i 've been rocking the lesser flaming enchantment on my bow for hunter ranger and am nearing 50 crit chance unbuffed .
would it be better to switch over to lesser vorpal with the 13 crit severity or stick with the extra damage and dot from flaming ?
also an extra question while i have yall here ... to siegemaster or not to siegemaster is 3 extra damage worth or am i better off getting more crit severity from erynes of belial or something like that ?
on ps4 so archons are n't really an option right now i got no trade bars
the only problem with the software is that it can be glitchy from time to time .
something about the filter in his voice feels off though .
they should have stuck to the original timeline a because the '50s were awesome especially as seen through kings imagination .
b from a sequel standpoint it 's limiting to start in the 80s .
if this thing is crazy successful the studios will want to make a third one .
80s-present limits a third to a prequel or futuristic movie .
i cringe at the thought of a third movie as it wo n't have a sk book to write it from but at the same time i could see an awesome scenario where it comes back and the losers club fight it with their children or grandchildren .
why not i try jogging letting my dick hang ?
no but seriously some blue slacks and some brown shoes .
if you do n't know what it means then you need some serious education
is he really in a position to make a statement that taken to the logical conclusion of no border between the eu and the rest of the world would make the current problems in europe far worse ?
i think we 've gone as far as we can on this one .
but it 's not that bad because it 's only in one eye .
i thought borthwhick-jackson was pushing for a starting place at united ?
or was he just there to fill in for injuries ?
it 's just a bunch of people raging against the dying of the light as they see it .
the end of their ideological dominance over the labour party has ended and they know it .
all while assuring others that they love the cold and being convinced that anyone trying to get warm is shaming their own poor choices .
pay off my credit card get into the best shape of my life and try my best to book a trip to the uk sometime next year .
it was also bjerg 's farm leads i do n't think huhi ever got an advantage on him in that entire series .
they were drinking and got 30 minutes of sleep with pressure of being the best team in the world going to their first lan out of his comfort zone obviously they wont be as sick there as they were online
saw this but much more localized over a lake once .
the weather was dead calm no wind and the lake was like glass .
and then this rain started and you could see where it fell on the lake and it looked like a maze with corridors of still water .
never realized how uneven '' rain can be sometimes .
also missed me completely while people 100m to either side got soaked .
those cringy commercials where they do a side-by-side comparison of 2 panels on your panel .
samsung just gray 's out the 'before ' and makes their own panel extremely vibrant .
whatever people are wiling to pay is what the value is .
it 's great news for us in some ways .
with the investment too we 'd probably use that money to be able to 'pay off ' the stadium entirely and would by next summer have some tangible effects .
i 'm not entirely happy about this but it does make sense and is better than alternative options
so one person has talent and the other person is an actor/actress .
they start their journey as devout defenders of feminism and feeemales until they inevitably get friendzoned which fills them with hatred and begins to browse le red pill .
rng can be a pain sometimes and great other times .
a portal with 4xaxa 3 were taken off after using 3 us .
the last one took like 20 us to take it off .
i was hoping for a list of some good/fun cube/edh cards .
since i 'm at work right now i ca n't do a lot of research on what 's in the set .
1 division difference is 50 mmr that small oscillation is insignificant .
if you oscillate but same time steadily move up good for you you improve .
if you stay in place in the long run then it 's just match-to-match variance and you are at mmr you belong right now .
i 've already had multiple 10km eggs from the same stop within the same day .
thank god you put that s '' on there i thought you were serious for a second ...
yeah that is what i got so far the package arrived a few days ago but i havnt had any update since then it says it will take 7-10 days to process the refund as well .
yeah at first you have braces on your legs or magic shoes '' and as you level up they break off and-you-are-run-ningggg .
what about the first one did you think was superior to this one ?
it was probably technically better made but other than that everything about this was better i thought .
this felt by far the most like the trek i grew up with .
instead we got five earthbenders doing this odd martial art and hurling a rock at 1 mile per hour .
that idiot ruined their supply line to get his dick sucked .
it was n't a puddle it reminded me of what happens if you stroke a hamsters back for ages
even if her face is not in the pictures it is stil a huge issue that he did n't get her consent before doing this .
some would easily break up over such an offense this is not simply 'drama ' .
when you explicitly state that you are not comfortable with something and your partner does it can be a huge betrayal .
poland is standing still experiencing joyous life of the document shelf so much better than the life before .
we use to play tag with roman candles now that i write this out it was n't actually tag there were no rules really .
one time my buddy got shot and was wearing one of those nylon wind breaker jackets and it caught on fire not huge or anything but he could n't take it off and we basically had to kick/stomp the fire out .
he did n't play after that we did n't play much more after that .
this is proposed about once every two weeks and every time the correct explanation is that if the client knows which hitboxes are real '' connected to players and which are n't so does the cheat .
of course the cheats would have to get adjusted but unless valve continually completely changes how these phantoms '' work hahaha as if ... it would n't do anything .
but demand is higher than the supply of teachers who have all requirements .
but what usually happens is that such candidates get sent to beijing for the safea approved tefl course .
the reason rec cannabis is legal in certain states is because people fought for it emphasizing that substances like alcohol and tobacco are just as dangerous if not more so than cannabis .
we 've sacraficed so much for the movement to get the naysayers support .
the war on drugs is unraveling before our very eyes and soon enough all drugs will become legal for consumption once more .
you never stop telling the truth just because society has been bullshitted by the government and lobbyists to look down or completely dismiss drug users as mad or scummy .
the fundamental problem with this war is that it 's divided people for so many years that we have become complacent through fear and indoctrination .
keep standing up for legalization and ending the war on drugs once and for all .
we can only fix our broken system by changing our attitudes and beliefs if people start telling the truth .
i 'm a dude who also has a similar experience .
mostly female friends and i rarely fall for them .
i 've like sectioned them off in my brain as like sisters .
occasionally when i meet a new awesome woman i may get some feelings for her happened i think twice but i never told them and did n't let it affect the friendship .
i usually do n't assume that woman i meet and begin to have a platonic relationship with will always want to date me .
is what mad eye would say if he were a fairy god mother .
some wrestlers are notoriously stiff workers meaning that they hurt people whether on purpose or through insufficient skill .
so they might really punch or elbow with close to full force and the wrestler on the receiving end just has to accept it because they 're in front of an audience .
there 's no official thing of 'trying to minimise pain ' ... it just depends on the wrestler their style and their reputation .
it looks to me like brock has no choice but to be stiff here to legitimise his gimmick .
was recently talking to a friend of mine from australia and he was absolutely amazed by how big college football is in the states .
evidently he had been to a texas game while visiting..it 's a funny thing i either hear how amazing it looks or how ridiculous people from overseas think it is .
those that usually think it 's awesome went in person and experienced it .
anyhow my aussie friend gushed about tailgating how friendly everyone was the food and how there was nothing like it anywhere else .
i did of course show him clips of michigan and the big house .
in any case the awesome thing about doing something like this is that the world does truly have a curiosity about the game .
i hope that cal and hawaii do their best to represent college football and bring that atmosphere with them .
there 's truly nothing like it on the planet .
the untangling earbuds through a plastic bag line killed me .
i 'm not bothered by the downvotes i 'm getting because i know what this sub is like .
but for the record this was my prediction 2 days ago and i was n't far off .
out of sheer curiosity link to the album in question ?
nice monday shave now i 'm ready for the week .
i 'm not falling for that.. you 're that land shark are n't you ?
was n't just the withdrawal it was the nausea threw up a couple times and my gf was like no more sniffs for a while followed by the withdrawals that while was n't pleasant a real damned if you do damned if you do n't sort of situation .
but yeah i 'm very well aware of what was going down i did my research and then some and that bender was n't my first time on dope but it was the first time i 'd felt like fuck i really just should n't be doing this '' .
luckily i 've never had much in the way of real trouble personally with it .
my ex gf is in and out of rehab .
just goes to show that life situation and sober mindset are important to the addiction just like physical dependence is .
i did n't speak to the teachers but this was in tirane .
people will definitively notice if it does n't get the 2 turrets that were added because the initial sale was going terribly .
it was basically a vanguard before the buff and a lot of people questioned it 's purpose .
i do n't think it should be agile if anything it should be slow lumbering heavily armed ... gunship .
as is we do n't know how fast maneuverable it will be .
on paper it 's the 3rd heaviest armed ship behind javelin and idris no news about the polaris yet .
it 's actually 1-11 but 11 is passed the fuck out so you 're not going to see that here
having an empty quest slot and rerolling if you do n't get 80g definitely increases your chance of getting it over just rerolling a full log .
alot of people apparently quit after a while when they have no exposure this is just a lull i would stick it if you enjoy it and like doing it then stick at it if you dont then quit but after just a month you havent gave yourself enough time to grow ive been doing it for about 3 months now i have 45 subs and on average 100 views per video i enjoy making the videos and know my fan base will grow eventually for example my last video took me 9 straight hours to make but i thoroughly enjoyed doing it stick at it and enjoy yourself whilst doing it
if they 'll keep this rate up we 'll be at hollywood level live-action cgi by episode 16 .
that 's not really true the magnetic field and stuff prevent that .
what you 're talking about is theoretically possible but that would be called quantum tunnelling
i consented to gave sec while blindfolded i had sex while blindfolded .
and while we 're on the subject of our politicians and what they can and can not do no president is ever going to be able to make substantive changes to politics in general .
the issues are inbedded too deeply for an executive to affect .
not simply overturning citizens united although that would likely be part of it .
that is never going to happen as long as our legislators keep getting re-elected 90 of the time .
vot against your incumbent legislators all of them even if he'she 's the only good one .
i prefer to shake the covers and sort my pillows right before i go to bed .
i could get up and make my bed or i could sleep another five minutes .
i am not a morning person in the least .
i could use some help reevaluating before the school year hits as i do n't want to waste time doing things wrong .
i have an almost 10 years old cyclocross in shimano 105 8 speeds and had never changed the chain .
i had it changed a few months ago and it was so stretched that it did not register on the chain stretch measuring thingy .
kept the cassette and it 's still working well .
keep the bike for now but keep an eye out for good deals especially is you are in a place where bikes are sold cheap just before winter .
landing on a pad with a simple force a poor gravity landing a planet with a gavity not that much ridiculous with atmosphere and so multiples forces !
the ships does n't have the same number of thruster on all the axis .
so going decoupled and making rolls while keeping a perfect speed does n't seems very possible .
also as powerfull are the thrusters the gravity and the drag effect are important and should make the flight not as smooth as we saw the freelancer was flying like in space ...
finally the ship should n't be that much responsive if the thruster need to work at 60 to keep the ship in the air so you have only 40 left for maneuver .
there 's is this american life podcast segment about this man on the episode called bridges .
edit disregard the following i do n't think it 's correct .
unless i 'm crazy that 's eb bb/d cm .
if you play guitar an easy way to play that i v/3 vi progression is c g/b am or g d/f em
it 's too bad that i do n't think that person will bother trying to see over their privilege-fenced worldview .
all people cried for about a year that the pistol needs a buff .
and you say its to good now it needs to be nerfed again .
now you can fight a guy ! ! ! !
now you need skill and not the number of people who will win .
your post was removed because it uses the text box .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=i just found a roach in my house what do i do ? ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
that had to have taken at least half a day to make .
i think you might have confused president richardson who is the post war president of the enclave in fallout 2 who coincidentally explains how the x-01 was developed with a pre-war one .
i 've managed to massively reduce the syncs by keeping everything in one bucket and pointing my cloudfront distribution to the uploads subfolder .
i have now also changed the cron to run less frequently so hopefully i will see a reduction in requests this month without any noticeable differences !
will have to check the logs too as the content was uploaded a few months ago so something must be changing ...
there was so many bs about doped russians cheating russians there was cold war amount of dirt poured on our athletes .
1/3 of our team was barred from competition including people like isinbayeva who was never caught on doping in her very long career .
and in the end we got the same 4th place as in 2012 yes with less medals than in london but anyway .
most likely we had no chance to move to 2nd or 3rd place even without bans .
as someone with what most would consider minimal experience with firearms i hate when people handle them unsafely with such a passion .
i remember in army basic training so many idiots would rest the muzzle of their m16 's on their foot run by and pretend to shoot each other in the bays of course when the drill sergeants werent there carry their m16s one handed with their fingers on the trigger and all sorts of dangerous habits .
it was like no drill sergeant around was an excuse to be a complete moron .
i think the really important question is whether they still exist today .
if a problem has been rectified yesterday it 's no longer that big of a problem and we can focus our efforts on things still there today .
are you stupid lol two open elbows like that would bust anyone open no matter mma or pro wrestling .
mma human beings do n't suddenly have thicker skin and skull than pro-wrestling human beings.. do n't make dim-witted comments like that lmfao
a perlite as there is no scale in the picture i cant tell wether it is fine or coarse
b looks like tempered martensite again also looks like they took this image from callister
d cyclic fatigue you can see the crack at the bottom of the image and concetric beach marks
i will happily slip a chair in the ring when the ref 's whom i 'm assuming will be peake not looking .
i love our funhaus overlords but this is not ok .
they should have just said 'r ' it 's just as effective .
burn money in a huge pile just to piss off poor people .
as soon as my stock options vest i 'll be leaving and i wish i could go sooner .
this post was removed because you have a new account and we get a lot of spam from newly created accounts .
if you have any questions or think your post should be reinstated please send a message to the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/homelab if you have any questions or concerns .
if you gave me a million dollars i 'd be a millionaire .
my order took more than 3 weeks if i 'm not mistaken
i 've delt with people my whole life talking shit i just do n't get mad lol .
being accepted back into mainstream public life is very challenging for ex cons who have served their time and this is in a large part the cause of recividism .
the us and the russians do n't want a shooting war between them .
i hope the 13 million for nate is true .
you can place a ward under enemy tower and deny it after a tower hit .
they ran the full gamut of whiney to cunty .
but i am a straight male so do not take it to heart .
why do they want to learn engrish so badry then ?
ohøj nu har de værste tømmermænd nok lagt sig og vi rydder derfor op på r/denmark da guldet er blevet fejret i stor stil festen fortsætter i topposten https www.reddit.com/r/denmark/comments/4ywaam/danmark_vinder_guld_i_h c3 a5ndbold .
thanks for this i 've been looking for something that resembled her
also not to be pedantic her nickname is titania not tatiana as in female titan
does anybody know of any horde groups that are doing this ?
really want my moose but i do n't have an alliance character .
if you 're dropping by kuching i 'd recommend the saem store in vivacity megamall .
here 's a link of vivacity 's facebook https www.facebook.com/vivacitymegamall ? fref=ts page .
there 's also tony moly and etude house in vivacity .
i never understand why these people say i miss you '' when they 've never had a conversation with you .
all the sciadv games take place in the same universe .
there is also another series done by mages and chiyomaru called svn science visual novel .
all of its games share their own separate universe .
... no it 's an actual comic book movie it 's just that it 's that outlandish a series .
people do n't understand that there does n't have to be dark clouds above you or raining hard or thundering near you .
a family friend was washing his car in the driveway and saw dark clouds in the sky but still far away .
he thought he had enough time to finish and he ended up getting struck and died .
assuming you did n't trespass into a military base to get those wanted stars ... .
to be fair his opponent got the mct off jewled scarab so there was the rng of him getting that card as well .
if you are looking for poly sorry no tips but since you mention slut '' if your looking at just sex have you thought about bars internet dating websites adult fuck sites .
there are also swingers clubs you can go to which have either single male nights or if you have a single female friend you two can go together and leave together but not necessarily have sex together if you are not into that ?
defensively we do alright holding out spurs for so long is an impressive feat
even then we were a bit sleepy on defence a few times and they should have scored at least one goal from it .
i do kinda agree with your points about the players putting effort in but quality wise it 's not good enough still a lot of misplaced passes and loss of possession zaha tried hard but was so predictable to defend and did n't offer much punch needs to be taken off sooner because he 's doing more harm than good .
meh they can use the joke and cringe tag anyway
i 'll continue to report them if i should bump into one again .
when reposting you should probably remove the date on the picture .
one of the reasons the game is failing definitely is because of the matchmaking system .
you 're right that you 're matched against people at your level of effectiveness but being matched against a person 2 levels higher is a huge psychological frustration to many people .
people get pissed off about it and do n't want to play the game any more .
the system might make perfect sense mathematically and logically speaking but we 're talking about people .
if they feel like they 're being cheated or treated unfairly they 're not going to play .
especially if they lose the game and the opponent only has 100 health left on their tower or if that mini pekka makes it to their tower with a sliver of health .
an easy solution would be to prioritize matches against similarly leveled opponents in the player 's trophy range .
it should spend a certain amount of time trying to find matches against players at a similar level and with cards of a similar level that have a similar amount of trophies before it widens its search to players above and below the player 's level .
you 're more likely to find matches against people with the same town hall level as you and less likely to find matches against people a town hall level higher or lower than you .
plus anything can be cute if you find the right person .
but that does n't mean society should except eye socket puking as the norm .
well thing is yeah it could flop around but that 's the thing flip/flopping does n't mean it can aim its head it does n't have a neck etc .
to reach out with so just taking a literal step backwards would render you safe .
it 's not a small fish so it would n't make a 360 backflip unto you .
sex takes time money and effort fapping frees up my time to go bird watching ... ... yeah ... ..birds ... ... thats what im looking at ... ... .
no the burden is on you to prove said authorship was solely granted by irenaeus .
that is the greater claim ... not to mention the authorship meaning the names are n't as important as their point in time place and legitimacy .
should we drive bamboo spikes under his fingernails every wednesday too ?
i mean he should have thought about that before he got behind the wheel right ?
if you did n't buy drugs then they are clean just like those nasty fiat notes .
thank you if i had a xanax i 'd send one your way .
i definitely feel that i am indeed a cannabis .
does this mean your damage numbers and stuff wo n't increase as you level until you hit above cp150 ?
not as rare as a male calico but still neat .
this is user error and demonstrates why some players will always be bad and others will succeed in becoming better .
all you do is jump and then kick if you 're behind someone .
you do n't need to execute them in any way that locks you into an animation .
how do you know it 's not true in itself ?
do you have any examples of it not being so ?
i mean your entire argument is built on the assumption that only the material is subject to change necessarily .
it 's impossible for it to be the explanation for change .
because it 's being given as the explanation for change and explanations can not be the explanandum as that is circular .
it is unchanging because it is the explanation of change it is the explanation of change because it is unchanging .
so why other than circular reasoning should i accept that the unchanged changer does n't change ?
thay have really gotten slowly worse since the undisputed belt .
that prisoner number leads me to believe this prison is run by middle schoolers .
i was just thinking how it would be nice if there were events like that more often .
it being warcraft and all occasional horde/alliance invasions would be pretty cool .
maybe as weekend event of seasonal the season of war !
that 's a really cool video but it does n't explain anything about lenses .
they are having sex and getting paid they are prostitutes stop trying to make them actors it 's not going to happen .
you can argue it all day with a judge and the definition is not going to change .
i mean we had katakana words in our sentences and things like that .
we just did n't practice writing it because of how the teacher paced things .
we were doing 10 characters every other class including the accents with each character .
i never said it was a difficult class lol .
also short form was not covered in our class until the 2nd semester .
it looks like an american dog tick or deer tick and you got it before it feed on your dogs ear .
kill it with fire or crush the fucker with a coin .
yeah you need to change the terms on how to deal with family .
imo and i know this does not work for everyone once you have kids it does not matter who the person is related to no one could shut me up if i felt my child was being bullied or abused .
sounds like you may have to tell your wife that those terms are no longer working for you and either you guys are going to constantly fight about this or you need to be allowed to bring it up with your father in law like a man .
i do n't know that is a bizarre to me i could n't imagine being upset at my so for bringing any of his concerns to my family once you are married or have kids they are your family too .
your father in law will have more respect for you if you do n't hide behind your wife when you have issue with him or at least he should .
to add to this the 100mm next to the mantlet has an extra 100mm plate behind it .
right below the mantlet is sort of another weak spot considering it is just a flat plate .
do n't waste solid shot on the hull or even he rounds because the fuel tanks just absorb everything .
i 've been shot in the rear 5 times by a hellcat and did n't get set on fire once .
line up the two roof optics to take out at least the gunner or loader and probably the breach .
the breach is also pretty small compared to the turret so shots that get in tend to do more crew damage compared to something like the su-100y .
the most interesting part about this is you can compare everyone 's dick size .
that small of an ssd is n't really worth it .
my 120gb ssd is full with just windows and gta v .
we need to stop this rhetoric and treat him like a serious contender .
do n't let the polls give people a false confidence so early in the race .
r/politics is n't a campaign subreddit or partisan group despite all appearances .
first two of your points involve some form of intervention in the domestic sphere of sovereign states while the fourth points out 'the reality of a resurgent and aggressive russia ' .
could you explain the rationale behind this 'logic ' ?
is it that you expect russia to be 'docile ' while having its toes stepped on year after year decades on end ?
may not be a sableye but it 's an awesome safari !
1918 as the war was drawing to a close .
nine battalion 's of the 77'th division were trapped in the argonne by german forces .
they held out for 6 days and helped break through the german line and were rescued .
there are many stories about the event and i highly encourage you to check them out .
i mean the game is called rune factory 4 a fantasy harvest moon so they must of thought it was a harvest moon game when it 's just a spin off .
the maximum size of a vessel that can pass through the strait is referred to as malaccamax .
for some of the world 's largest ships mostly oil tankers the strait 's minimum depth 25 metres or 82 feet is n't deep enough
do you have any other pictures of new 52 aquaman ?
the reason i bought the 303 is because you ca n't resample while recording from the external input on a 404 .
turns out that i love the 303 and use it way more than my 404sx .
probably a byproduct of being the underdog or less massively popular faction .
for every person who rolls an undead because they appreciate the struggle and community of the forsaken there are 10 people who make a human because they do n't want to be some weird thing .
plus the horde is a lot more complex and not every group under the banner has the same interests .
you make it sound like zimmerman did n't profile martin as a 'suspicious person ' disregard instructions not to engage him or fail to identify himself as a member of any kind of organization .
he stalked a 17 yr old kid and then shot him .
you would n't defend yourself if some random guy who was absolutely not police was following you around and trying to detain you for no reason ?
he was 29 got punched for acting like a lunatic and responded by shooting him .
i 'm not saying it 's racism also how exactly was what martin did racist '' but it 's ridiculous and he should have at minimum faced manslaughter charges .
the edge is so real in this song i might go to hot topic .
lol you meant to say you have been 3d printing generally for a year .
i spent a little while trying scratch that superscript off my screen thinking it was a piece of dirt or something ...
well if talking to them seems like a chore why wo n't you find other girls that have better chemistry with you and are actually funt to be with ?
i think that was bc he realized he fucked up when he called her ugly and did n't want to be perceived as a mysoginist
they do n't feel the need to hide their beliefs from you obviously .
what i do n't get is why so much scorn has been targeted at thiel rather than the jury that ruled against them .
i feel like there 's an unspoken assumption that they 're just unsophisticated country yokels who of course were going to decide that way so we should blame thiel for instigating the result that was obviously '' inevitable when a non-cosmopolitan jury was involved .
just recently put out my first game theory video which focuses on a donkey kong conspiracy https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=soox_xbx3ka of mine .
pretty proud of how it came out took a ton of work !
no but dumbledore beat him even with it and without it he is almost not worth considering given the other reasons .
any state willing to hire a complete and utter scumbag like john calipari is bound to be a cousin-loving backward heathen cesspool of a state .
for ken it 's trying to hit confirm online and his stubby ass normals .
i remember he used to do watercooling with milk and other non-water fluids .
it 's not really a demotion as it is a paycut and instead of going to meetings in indy which is 45 minutes away i 'd be going to them at this city .
honestly as bad as this sounds i 'm happy here .
i do n't have to do much at all i sit/do whatever in my office all day sometimes going to the floor and i get access to the security cameras so i can see whatever stupidity is going on .
the corporate job would require me to be sitting for 12 hours a day with 2 breaks and a 30 minute lunch .
i dunno i 'm not hard on money at all so the paycut would n't phase me that much in the long term .
more like extremely synchronized motors ... on the science side they could do that years ago .
get the cx bike i recently rode my cx bike on the mtb trails for training and since the mtb was out of commission .
absolutely no problems blew past everyone on the ups and on the technical stuff just had to pick my lines much better .
cx bikes are under rated with big tires it is very capable as long as you 're not hitting any jumps drops or big rock gardens .
if i can come up with 4 names vaguely associates with kevin bacon does that mean a totes legit hitsquad is killing people too ?
a dnc staffer ... how many people does the dnc employ ?
a process server lewis is n't a lawyer who once served papers on the dnc ... wow yep ... killing the important people there .
thorn has already written multiple books about the clintons 9/11 and how the holocaust is a hoax but no ... after all that they wacked him because his next book was totes going to ... um ... be read by conspiritards ?
and ashe was n't going to testify about clinton in fact it was a corruption case where he would be testflying about allegations of corruption via a real estate project at the un documents here https www.justice.gov/usao-sdny/file/781076/download .
it reflects on how poor everyone was in the game that someone who was on for 15 minutes and had one bright moment gets the award .
i 'd rather give it to no one but that 's not an option .
but i did not expect a lightsaber through the chest that shit was brutal .
i see what you 're saying but i see it differently .
one conversation would n't have changed anything for me .
if luke could n't get to him how can i ? ''
his whole conversation on the falcon about how an apprentice of luke 's ruined it all .
what we got was identical to obi-wan talking about vader .
he was an apprentice of mine until he turned to evil '' just a mere mention until they meet face to face in the third act and both han and obi-wan let their guard down .
also the moment when han sees him on takodana and letting him walk away works .
after he talks to leia and realizes what he has to do he actually yells out ben and confronts him rather than letting him walk away like he did before .
if you want more backstory have you read any of the books ?
we also might get some history in 8 and 9 .
damn pretty nice and clean setup and i like the walls too also can i suck your dick ?
he should have had to pay his dues on the main roster chasing the title .
if you did n't watch nxt what do you even know about finn balor ?
yes every class hall is getting dummies and some of them are spread enough for no cleave to happen .
if you 're horde though the raiding dummy in silver moon is actually far enough from the others that most abilities wo n't hit a second dummy .
well the let 's go with a 40mm bofors instead and then we might get a one hit kill on the newmans ?
why would any organization want to join this program ?
so when they do n't favor minorities not straight people enough they can be punished with a public shaming on their website ?
this creating of power and self promotion is disgusting .
all venues must give free unlimited advertising in all bathrooms ?
when sass receives a complaint about a venue through our confidential auditing system performed by a sass-trained auditor we will first approach the venue management about the incident and provide the opportunity to address it collaboratively before posting it to our website . ''
posters should be hung in bathrooms identifying sass-trained employees to whom a patron who experiences an incident can speak safely .
a posters in bathrooms should also identify cshc messaging relating to bystander intervention and safe spaces – these posters will be provided by sass ''
they secretly know that people are either men or woman even if they wo n't admit it ... .. i added the caps
all venues should provide a safe space office or some other enclosed area where a person can recover from any incident that happens at venue .
if a safe space is unavailable venue must work with the patron to identify ways to make him or her feel safer . ''
or it means you 're smart and do n't have to pay money .
i 'm about your age but have friends who are three-deep in kids and do not make enough money to support that .
we do n't need it and its nonsense that means nothing to real politics .
compared to the only other option that i know of which is the yihi charger this one is much smaller .
i plug in at night most of the time so 500ma does not bother me .
if this does n't end up happening now i 'm going to be so sad .
i got a way bigger fps boost from skge than from enboost ... did i just screw up setting up enboost ?
your inability to stay on the fn topic and to keep diverting to wanting to talk about the provinces is bizarre .
you clearly have some odd agenda and wish to keep trying to steer the conversation off topic and away from discussing the fn solution i tabled or any other it seems .
he is a permanent premium and it may be a pain to collect his upgrade items but at least we dont need to be rushed to do it .
80 of the time it 's through the official reddit app on my phone .
that is also kind of fool proof if you 're really good .
fucking three anas playing soggy biscuits with me and your boy roadhog was the biscuit
lien twitté https twitter.com/kqededspace/status/767793965294759937 labnol par kqededspace https twitter.com/kqededspace here are 4 skills to teach your students for backtoschool via mindshiftkqed http bit.ly/2amuk7d nbsp
sf the city or san francisco work just fine .
those are called bouncers and there are actually a lot of things you can do with them .
i 'm not guaranteeing that they 'll be in the first wyak but i would like to make one with them somewhere down the line .
even the education has been toned down to such an extent that certain demographic may not have trouble grasping it .
it was a win-win situation for japan and nintendo .
that video got me even more hyped for the next 3d mario .
i loved gen one but i would love it to be more fresh by adding other gens .
you can always manually pack in a full stack for coal that 's 50 .
but inserters will aim for enough to stay busy '' usually this means double the recipe if talking ingredients for an assembler or 5 units if talking fuel .
or by the rmv for when you register a car .
the government spent decades trying to boost the rate of home ownership some would argue past a reasonable level which incentivized banks to hand out risky loans .
in particular fannie mae and freddie mac fueled the demand for risky securitized mortgages by buying them up like they were going out of style .
from your own source wikipedia fannie and freddie 's loans had less defaults than monoline sub-prime loans .
also the monoline lenders that sprang up during the bubble were n't subject to of the government 's incentives and laws https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/community_reinvestment_act surrounding home ownership .
fannie and freddie participated in sub-prime lending at a lesser rate and in a more responsible way .
i 'm not saying they were n't wrong they did contribute to the bubble but they ca n't be considered the direct cause of the crisis neither can the governments laws .
the cause of the bubble was the securitization chain that paid monoline lenders at greater rates for sub-prime loans .
this incentivized them to keep lending far beyond what any government policy would have which is why the gse 's were more stable per your wikipedia source .
there are some differences to a proper eight player pod and i 'm sure someone with more experience could point out specific problems but it 's fine for some casual games .
i would lean towards dragon and use that forte then .
i used to go up into my bosses office and sniff coke with him .
he ended up getting a bit too involved in the murky world of cocaine he stole 8 grand from the safe and rented his company car out to drug dealers at weekends he got sacked and work returned to the usual mundane bullshit .
me re-reads post ... no ca n't find anywhere i mentioned a human rights abuse .
personally i think he 's lucky to not also be in prison as well as having his assets stripped .
i merely point out that state power to strip someone of assets on the basis of criminal activity without actually proving any criminal activity is a power that is ripe for abuse if not carefully controlled .
if a newspaper is run by americans in washington .
certainly the most natural reaction to a stuck-throttle emergency is to stomp on the brake pedal possibly with both feet .
and despite dramatic horsepower increases since c/d 's 1987 unintended-acceleration test of an audi 5000 brakes by and large can still overpower and rein in an engine roaring under full throttle .
with the camry 's throttle pinned while going 70 mph the brakes easily overcame all 268 horsepower straining against them and stopped the car in 190 feet—that 's a foot shorter than the performance of a ford taurus without any gas-pedal problems and just 16 feet longer than with the camry 's throttle closed .
from 100 mph the stopping-distance differential was 88 feet—noticeable to be sure but the car still slowed enthusiastically enough to impart a feeling of confidence .
we also tried one go-for-broke run at 120 mph and even then the car quickly decelerated to about 10 mph before the brakes got excessively hot and the car refused to decelerate any further .
so even in the most extreme case it should be possible to get a car 's speed down to a point where a resulting accident should be a low-speed and relatively minor event .
they also tested a 540-hp roush stage 3 mustang .
the distance from 100mph-0 increased from 324ft to 903ft but it still stopped .
i 'll take whatever orbs and exp i can get naturally and move on .
thanks for the feedback the reflective material seems to be the main criticism people have with this render so i 'll work on fixing that .
tyr actually fights with thor against serpent so i can believe we get him as reward for ch12 this week .
well there is no proof that he himself wanted to throw because he didnt recieve any thing
get a vhf toroid core if you ca n't get one take apart a tv antenna balun .
wind 100 turns of any thin gauge enameled wire as the secondary one turn of wire as the primary .
the primary is going to your chip 's power supply the secondary is going into your differential amp input .
since you have a 100:1 turns ratio you can use a 100 ohms resistor instead of 1 ohm as the load .
also because it 's a transformer you can reference it to ground .
you can use a regular op-amp instead of a differential amplifier .
youd think with all their ratting bots they could afford real fits
it 's good that you have an entry who will listen to you no matter what .
other than scrims actually have your team watch vods with you once weekly .
have your inconsistent awp play way more dm especially if he is agressive .
a lot of people will get mad at a person for being too aggressive jbut i think its better to just incorporate that playstyle to the team .
one night a week dont scrim just practice executing strats on sites on a map .
the more practice they get doing this the better results you will have .
if you get a decent lead in a game be more flexible with strats .
it will allow you to exercise your in game decision making and allow you to be a better leader .
mid round calling is probably the hardest style for any team to play against .
you should only get piercings that you want to get .
i got my nipples pierced because i thought they looked pretty cool .
if you do n't think they are for you then do n't get them .
i love that piercings do n't have to be permanent and you can remove them if you change your mind though .
because there is a bar through them i find that my nipples look like they are always slightly erect .
with me you can see the nipple and you can see the barbell ends .
if whatever you wear is padded then the nipple piercings will probably be concealed .
the ad buy during the olympics where they show all the little figures in office buildings and then she shows all the people '' form her buddy bernie madoff 's pyramid scheme were terrible ads .
would n't it be amazing if this was actually the plan all along ?
i mean who 'd actually believe they concsciously manufactured a flop as part of an elaborate scam inspired by an old movie about a hitler musical ?
that sounds fucking nuts you do n't have to be that scared
umm i frankly do n't know what you mean by windforce '' and cx 750 '' never heard of it but you most likely do n't have enough ram and/or disk speed .
i found some of the hip hop '' dances that you could buy for your character to be stereotypical
you could buy your character gold grills for your teeth too and little nonsense like that .
i loved the game and did n't go on any long emotional rant online or send ea any hate mail .
i just found that to be a tad bit over the top and a little racially insensitive .
hopefully you do n't encounter resistance such as but this is the only way x will work ''
great job recharging your batteries for the week and for avoiding sale candy !
oops sorry i have n't played original games ' that goes against common knowledge and genetics .
because obama was not nearly as much of a threat to the establishment as bernie and his movement were .
ok. you said she 's a 10/10 in terms of looks .
what i hate more than dust jackets on my books are dust jackets on children 's books .
i heard a while ago that a company was developing tech to rotate the wheels before landing to reduce wear and extend tyre life saving big in tyre costs .
so he 's talking about wanting google to do something about google bombing ?
new os to update to from my buggy mm just like i did last year from lollipop .
edit looks like my buggy mm rom running on my 1+1 has offended someone .
i do n't understand how someone would take offense from the fact that the 1+1 ran better on kitkat than it does both on both mm and lollipop and roms for mm were out before all bugs on lollipop were fixed .
why would frank diss him tho lmao it makes no sense
i 've dove in both thailand and cozumel and they both have great dives .
if i had to pick one or the other i 'd do thailand again because the food is amazing it 's super cheap and there are a lot of non diving type of things to do .
i 'd recommend a liveaboard in the similan islands .
if you do end up doing an elephant treck be careful of who you pick some have a reputation to abuse their animals .
actually my biceps are relatively small since they dont really help with any powerlifting moves so i do n't train them much .
i definitely have big triceps and pecs though which are kinda useless for boxing i think right ?
i 've actually seen some boxers with pretty big biceps like andre ward i always wondered why that is .
definitely cut it up there 's so much left in it .
i depotted two travel size ud primer potions and holy shit there was so much left after i cut them open .
yeah but st. louis style ribs are a specific cut of meat which does not alone constitute a style of bbq .
i 'll maintain until my dying breath the superiority of salt smoke 's brisket despite being a native kansas citian .
st. louis tends to be an amalgam of styles .
it 's like the generic midwest accent of bbq .
the following options apply to any filesystem that is being mounted but not every filesystem actually honors them e.g. the sync option today has effect only for ext2 ext3 fat vfat and ufs
mounting a virtual filesystem with sync or async has exactly zero effect how could it ?
you do n't even know what you 're talking about .
any write 2 s on the resulting file descriptor will block the calling process until the data has been physically writ‐
posix provides for three different variants of synchronized i/o corresponding to the flags o_sync o_dsync and o_rsync .
o_sync but glibc maps o_dsync and o_rsync to the same numerical value as o_sync .
most linux file systems do n't actually implement the posix o_sync semantics which
require all metadata updates of a write to be on disk on returning to user space but only the o_dsync semantics which require only actual file data and metadata
necessary to retrieve it to be on disk by the time the system call returns .
it 's really not as complicated as you want it to be .
the os is perfectly capable of doing what the user wants it to do .
this is the way i 've usually done things .
it 's not efficient but i think it works well enough and it makes for more lifelike happenings .
i do n't worry about managing jobs until i run into a problem of either a dwarf being idle or an important job not being done .
outside of that i 'll take migrants that have undesired jobs like when i get my 5th fish cleaner and draft them into military service .
there seems to be some kind of division in some people 's heads that things with jokes are comedy and therefore funny and things without jokes are not and therefore are n't funny .
but i just do n't give a shit '' is not a sound ethical argument .
try telling uk jews they ca n't cut their boys and you have city going after you .
take down a driver in a helicopter doing a 360 quickscope and place a c4 and blow up the helicopter as it crashes on the ground .
maybe not but you 're basically trying to find out what 's wrong so you 're troubleshooting .
having played about with virtuous ac the one thing i 'll say about it is that if you spam heal powers you can save even the stupidest of pubbie groups .
even the dumbest 70s soon get the idea that the yellow circle is a shield and if they stay next to it they 'll get healed .
would n't a competitive ban list just be the regular ban list but with fewer things on it and possibly reinstating banned as a commander ?
honestly this seems like bullshit to drum up publicity for their facebook page so they can sell more decklists .
also whoever wrote up the cedh rules on their facebook page needs to go back and spell check it .
are you going to tell that same stupid joke every time that comes up ?
on the s7 i tried stock apps no longer take an eternity to run .
on the s3 the contacts app used to take 3/4 seconds to fully load .
now a lot of the improvements may be simply due to better hardware no doubt .
however the software is definitely more optimised than before .
what sort of gyroscopic effects do you see this having and how will that effect your movement ?
what made you choose this over say a vertical spinning drum ?
this is not a random tip its a well founded statement from a medical professional .
analyse van de volkskrant maurits hendriks zette te veel in op medailles in de welvaartssporten kort te veel op brede sporten waar de winkansen lager zijn en denkt alleen maar aan het aantal medailles en niet de 'zwaarte ' van een sport .
als dit soort types aanblijven zien ik het somber in voor de nederlandse deelname aan de os .
that 's what 's wrong with peoples mentality nowadays .
no one wants to risk more than a potato which makes pking dead .
words ca n't describe how much i disagree with your statement .
i 'm not saying they should be risking like 20m .
but having a tiny risk even 100k would be good for the game .
right now pvmers literally can kill the bosses with basically no risk .
the wilderness back in actual 07 was a place people were scared of going to now it 's a joke .
back then there was more population but i feel like with how everything is set up it would still be a joke if we had the same population as back then .
the scene where they leave the village is one of my favorites in the show .
the tension character reactions and ost were all on point .
really enjoying this rewatch so many episodes still ahead !
f6 is your friend and yielding to triggers earlier in the match
still pretty pathetic though when you can throw a grenade every 1.1 seconds and no faster even in radiance .
your 15 buff is over before you can even use it
yes it is but its actually good for small tanks because then you can find lots of lv 15 tanks that are easy to kill with your max pen and damage tank .
but its realy annoying for lv45 tanks who just want to regen .
i like how they all dab when they use the machete !
not sure of the context but in the context of alcoholism alcoholics ca n't take just one drink .
i ca n't see the uk being much less conformist than any other 1st world indo-european culture .
if the camera records sound then it is a criminal offense under the texas penal code http www.dmlp.org/legal-guide/texas-recording-law to record conversations on private property in which you are not involved .
since the owner apparently lives in the house still and you are just renting a bedroom recording video no sound in the common parts of the house is generally fine i believe as someone may record on their own property which is under their control .
the common and private parts of the house for all parties should have been spelled out in the rental agreement .
parts of the house which are private for you and under your control obviously would n't be fair game for the occupying landlord .
hey i 've been playing dwarfs for quite a long time so i figured i 'll give you one of my usual army lists .
i 'll give unit size upgrades points cost and an explanation .
note the original list was 2500 points and to be played against an empire army .
you can see this in some of my choices however this army is in my opinion well rounded .
dwarf lord dwarf lords are really powerful and i always build them to stay alive for the entite battle rather than having them be glass cannons .
this lord has a 1 armour save a 4 ward save and 5 wounds .
put him in your hammerers to make use of their special rule combination !
thane from 2k points onward i consider a bsb a must for every army .
i do n't tend to stack them full of runes then they get too expensive and become a main target for my enemy .
the master rune of grungni is in my opinion a really strong choice it defends your troops from ranged damage and gives your thane a 4 ward save !
i usually put my bsb in my longbeard unit but you have to make sure your hammerers are within 6 inch .
2 runes of spellbreaking so you can hopefully make the enemy lose their strongest spell .
the bonuses on your dispel throws should help as well .
do n't forget your runesmith offers the armour piercing and magic resistance 1 special rules to any unit he joins so put him inside your longbeards for the greatest effect !
longbeards this unit is your anvil and paired with the literal hammer of the hammerers they can face any threat .
i usually deploy them as a horde for the extra attacks .
quarellers andthunderers these two small units are there to pepper the enemy with hard-hitting ranged weaponry .
hammerers like i said this unit is your hammer .
deploy them close to your longbeards but in such a way that they can flank-charge an enemy engaged with your longbeards .
but do n't worry if the enemy stops you from doing this both longbeards and hammerers are formidable warriors in and of themselves .
cannon grudge thrower organ gun what is a dwarf army without war machines ?
this is n't the biggest gunline but it packs a mean punch and can deal with many different kinds of enemies .
if you do n't have a model in the list ask your opponent whether you can proxy it or ask me about a replacement .
good luck and show them the strength of the dawi !
i would n't perceive what you are thinking from that angle if you are moving to a new city starting a new part of your life you should n't be specifically looking for someone to fill the void of a romantic partner you should definitely be friendly and make friends with people you meet along the way but never have expectations of them and if one of those relationships it goes that you gets feelings for someone or they get feelings for you then progress further into that relationship romantically if however you really do want to fill that void apply to dating sites apps agencies which then would n't be affected by how many friends you are to get in fact use it as an excuse to have them explore the city with you so that you get to know them if it works out fantastic if not make a friendship out of it
tldr make friendships first pursue romantically if it goes that way if you wan na date then apply to dating sites apps agencies
i will be doing this later today feel free to add me on uplay
i will be taking song requests and dishing out the deeps
if he quits its gon na reflect so poorly on the casting
i 've been trying to figure out what tweak was causing me to go into safe mode and all anyone would ever say was buy the tweak when i already had .
i 'm happy someone out there had the same issue as me .
that bio combined with the selfie second picture are too much .
i think you can still have the bio like that but i 'd change the selfie .
the mx-5s wo n't fit everybody and the porsches will be too costly to maintain .
the whole series despite clg being aggressive and pulling off kill leads even first turret kills and first bloods tsm managed to maintain a gold lead .
clg was desperately aggressive but it did not stop tsm from gaining tons of tiny advantages that joined together into a huge gold lead .
i want this more than new heroes its so good
yeah but those are the whore monkeys doing live cam and shit for money .
if you 've never asked itunes for a refund they 'll do it no questions asked once .
after that you 'd have to go to in app support
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
after https 31.media.tumblr.com/a3a98bfa39d05cdc891768dc6dcde099/tumblr_inline_mr4urlzf2f1qz4rgp.png sprite the movie night plan was made fujisaki was with chiaki and monomi in the library then they all went down to lunch .
after that i do n't know what happened until 2:30 where chiaki said that her and monomi went to invite fujisaki to play with them in the rec room .
and https 33.media.tumblr.com/ccb666436a307487a71a602928f3be8d/tumblr_inline_mr4urp2acf1qz4rgp.png sprite then at 3 nagito saw fujisaki leaving his room .
that is all we have for fujisaki 's actions .
best bet is to contact u/jagexsupport on here twitter or facebook .
bear in mind that they have stated that they wo n't discuss bans on social media but it 's your best shot .
oh shit i totally forgot akira took place in 2019 .
repeated violations of this rule will result in a ban .
self and link posts should have spoilers in the title as well as the name s of the show s .
self posts may opt to tag spoilers in the self post instead .
comments should use spoiler source s spoiler-chan died '' to protect spoilers .
spoiler source should at a minimum contain the relevant source of the spoiler e.g .
one piece episode 200 or if it 's from a different medium ln/manga/vn .
have a question or think this removal was an error ?
raising the bar for build videos that can only be a good thing 👍🏻
depends largely on how you do it keyword tobi komi .
that 'd be kinda cool but i feel like it 'd be pretty dumb of shield to still name him morita if he 's supposed to be undercover as a principal .
you should put this in the sidebar and unpin it .
currently you have to unpin the dev suggestions thread and that bugs me .
drums have always been important in hiphop and a lot of genre 's but right now the drums are leading the whole vibe .
a huge amount of people have the mentality of if it does n't bang it 's not good ''
drawing an enormous penis on the side of the building with something ?
like four pints of elementary schooler blood drained from a corpse ?
i felt like your post today lacked its usual colorful imagination but nope.. you proved me wrong .
gymnast equipment was 5cm too low and someone lost their gold medal for taking nurofen .
avoid public appearances for a month and they 'll be forgotten pretty soon .
manufacturer of rubber roller bow roll banana roller with various types of materials for used by industries like printing laminating textile and many more .
and did i imply i was forecasting a trend ?
... helped my point in saying chinese investors buying in premier league clubs is an emerging scenario
its not out yet so its not ready to pre install .
once the game releases or a few days before it will download a update for it which will be 6.4gb
right now its just place holder file thats normally between 100/200mb
also you can set anyone to prioritize the butcher table and they will fetch the corpse from the garbage pile for processing .
eliminating public schools the epa the sec corporate income tax regulations and privatizing everything in sight .
oh but you get weed and every other drug you want so it is not right wing !
a place the npcs can not jump out of .
they will walk as far as they can then teleport to you if they ca n't get to you normally .
however many times in those hunting grounds they 're at the bottom level in an area filled with spike pits .
your job is to make it safe for them to get back .
throwing down a simple dirt bridge is part of that .
either way still your job to get them back safely .
it 's not about thr laggy part it 's about the there are no players '' part .
5 stars work normal in pvp though which does n't have scaling .
take advantage of your ability to dominate your peers in that .
i 'll keep looking as i am after a gagarin '' watch .
by that logic i 've been dating every big tits teen on pornhub for some time now .
i live 20 min away so i can go home fri/sat for a shower and a kfc .
the music is better too imo as the majority of sets at creamfields by the big artists will play the same songs so there is much more variety at leeds
lovely bralette beautiful lips ... and finally nice boobs !
i wonder if jlp will trade some stuff for more food like jp did .
they track how much product they use and the manager knows how much to order .
the meat is packaged and shipped and will never sit in a store for more than two days .
i waited for the invite just ran patrol when i saw you were online doing the raid .
sorry the invite did n't come this time but you guys are awesome for doing this .
i know you have a huge list and i 'm just glad someone is doing this for people .
i do n't think that word means what you think it means
i apologise in advance but it 's only a minute long and it did give me a smile .
now you can make lunch and shred at the same time !
i have a usb to lightning connector without the power supply input and tried connecting my planck or preonic to my ipad pro 9.7 .
in both cases it says that the keyboard uses too much power .
my planck has leds but the preonic does not .
it is probably impossible but is there a way to reduce the power usage ?
i wo n't be able to start in september i 'm late to register for that start and will have to begin in october .
can i get a fellow night owl help and send me the tasks paper assignment that are required for these 2 classes ?
i would like to start on the papers that are needed so i can submit them and accelerate through please .
6 of the 11 courses looks very similar to my organizational leadership undergrad at texas a m and can probably pass the exams with no issues .
i tried to google and found a task 1 and 2 for c200 but not sure if it was up to date .
nothing to do for a day or two so i 'll be taking a few requests .
i 'll try to do as many as i can before i get bored of them but i 'll definitely do this again if there 's too many for me to handle .
so i build my own computers and have for a while .
i am running into an issue with the computer i just put together .
it is running games at low fps and when i run benchmarks such as 3d mark it is giving me low scores and talking about timing errors .
i called intel and i have gotten new ram that works better with my processor but still getting the same problem .
below are my computer specs along with the 3d mark benchmark .
i work at an ad agency and i ca n't wait to go home and play ...
i am really interested in jewellery and would like to see more work/articles/advice about the trade yet this sub really does n't seem very active ... are there any others people can suggest for those interested in being part of the jewellery community ?
then they fired me for violating the dress code at the bank .
how am i ever going to become a sumo wrestler now ?
it 's very obvious that the women are acting badly .
the only sane one among them is louise wallace .
here 's my cast breakdown for those not familiar with the show
anne someone-or-other you 'd swear champagne lady '' was her surname as that 's pretty much what she says constantly ... lather rinse repeat .
gilda kirkpatrick if she still loves her gazillionaire ex-husband why did they break up ?
she seems mysterious but not in a good way .
louise wallace lives in her parents ' former home .
michelle blanchard horrible ex-model who is her own biggest fan .
so as we all know hunter 's creek was once a flourishing charmander nest .
when the nest migration happened however the nest dried up and nothing seemed to have taken its place .
some nests that vanished during the last migration have returned with this one .
is there anyone close enough to hunter 's creek that can check to see if the charmander nest has returned ?
also it appears that eevee nests have changed to kabuto nests .
was there an eevee nest in the orlando area that we can check to see if it had changed ?
no bfr'ing he must stay running down the hallway .
assume that the characters are placed individually in a line from weakest to strongest .
my money is on chinese banned players sour grapes it always is .
i upload videos sometimes for fun do n't do it for anything else .
i have like 13 subscribers so i do n't youtube anything seriously .
i was looking back on one of my videos and it was a cs go montage making fun of all the other cod montages that put stupid rap music in their kd videos .
the video was muted and i saw that it had been copyright stricken on behalf of revenue .
is there anything i can really do or is the video just going to stay muted ?
i have been trying to automate my workbook as much as possible .
i import notes from a source and extract certain data from there .
i am trying to extract the dates from the notes
works great when the date is formatted correctly in the notes 04/27/2016
now the challenge i am collecting notes but they are created by various people and i can not get them to collaborate to input in one format till then its on me .
how can i run 1 formula that will tackle most of these variations .
i also run the below formula to search for target words and extract them to a separate cell .
is there a variation of this i can use .
final note i am trying to stay away from vba 's and macros .
... like adam weishaupt http www.bibliotecapleyades.net/sociopolitica/esp_sociopol_illuminati_0a.htm 's illuminati by the bavarian gov't
a book could perhaps should be written on this topic but for the purposes of this brief posting there is one document that illuminates the motivation and methods of the new world order .
without reading the book itself which would probably bring on anger and depression i 'm simply showing some references to it and logically connected dots .
https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_report_from_iron_mountain tldr war is peace freedom is slavery ignorance is strength from orwell 's 1984
http www.sherryshriner.com/cooper/majestic_12.htm wm cooper was executed by swat team for revealing too much
i bought the game a couple of days ago and i love it .
i just finished the story a few minutes ago and ... wow ... that blew me away .
the writing in this game is incredible and by mixing that with incredible gameplay and brilliant music i bought the soundtrack it gave me an experience unlike anything else i 've had in a video game .
it left such an impact on me that i immediately named my first automaton grigory . ''
i ca n't wait to see what the future holds for this game .
edit grigory got flushed out of the airlock in an attempt to extinguish a fire .
having submitted my advice regarding the date of the election to the governor general his excellency has informed me that september 10 2016 is an acceptable date .
having consulted the governor general the solicitor-general and the electoral commissioner i have decided that the schedule for this election shall be as follows
return of writs on or before saturday 17 september likely tuesday
who do you guys think is going to have the tournament of their lives ?
i have a feeling this is gon na be the tournament where 2014 crim comes back and just dominates .
i 'm looking for a nice compact hard shell case that 'll hold 2 horns c and bb .
i also need it to have a small compartment for oils and mpcs and a bonus would be a slot for sheet music metronome pencils etc .
the last thing that i am really looking for in the case is backpack straps so i do n't have to carry it all over campus .
my wacom intuos draw works fine with everything but the moment i launch zbrush 4r7 on my macbook my tablet disconnects and in the system preferences says no compatible device is connected stops working on all my programmes ?
yeah so i 'm wondering if it 's possible to draw on the screen with python just basic stuff like lines and rectangles ?
also i want it to always be on top so even if i open another window the drawing will still appear on the screen .
i 've seen libraries you can use to draw with however all of them seem to require me to create a window that i draw in .
i do n't want any window i just want to draw directly on the screen .
i 've wroten some pseudo-code to show what i 'm looking for here http pastebin.com/rbyyjjwn http pastebin.com/rbyyjjwn
so does anyone know if such a library exists ?
there are small errors but i do n't wan na mess it up .
i 'm mostly wondering if you can do it the last day before update
when i masturbate clitoral i usually feel the urge to pee .
when i do this in bed i hold the urge in for obvious reasons and it takes me up to 20mins to finish .
i thought i would try this on the toilet and not hold the urge in .
i peed as i orgasmed and it was one of the best orgasms i 've had in a while .
as everyone knows most new players do n't try conquest before level 15 or so and have a hard time learning it unless they watch some videos .
i suggest a simple 5 part tutorial like the one there is for arena and joust in which the game locks into a specific role and teach them the laning phase of that role which buffs to go for and when to start getting into team-fights .
i believe this would benefit new players a lot considering they would have a lot less trouble when they go into a normal match .
they can also offer a basic incentive like instakill neith or an avatar or small favor to reel more people in .
the only problem is it would lock down the meta for them but still they can learn more once they start playing it and try something unique .
few days ago i randomly browsed the interwebs at night when once again i could not sleep .
my depression is getting worse by the day and i was actually looking for posts about suicide when i ended up here .
i activated my not so used reddit-account and realised this community and other peoples stories help me a lot .
it seems to me that most of the writers are a bit younger than me and even though i completely feel them and want to give my support and love to them also i would love to hear stories from people a bit more closer to my age .
hey guys saw that battlefield 4 was mad cheap on the store was wondering if it would be worth buying because hardline was quite ass
for example write a story where ted cruz actually is the zodiac killer and is caught the fallout etc .
would they actually do better than ron harry and hermione ?
this is about the books though not the films though .
we have a group of people 30-40 who usually use ts used mumble in the past but the costs were more than we desired to pay for a server .
thus we are considering discord as the voice app for our group can the channel handle say 30 people for extended duration ?
does the voice quality stay the same it does with 5 people ?
i 'm still somewhat new to wow but a few friends of mine introduced me to it and i have 2 level 100s almost 3 .
i want to get grove warden before it becomes unavailable and if any guild is planning on doing this raid i 'd love to join .
at the weekend i was lucky enough to qualify for the monthly cup .
what this means is my ladder ranking is no longer important .
with free to play release imminent i 'm more than happy to use this opportunity to help out newer players by analysing their decks and playing them on stream if there is enough interest .
there is also the possibility that i will be joined by other team frost members like donkey74 killingtime and frodaddy .
if you want me to play a deck post it here in the comments .
i will try to stream at around 8pm cest each day this week at https www.twitch.tv/saloogi
i would like to trade my flip sapphire mostly for keys but i will consider any offer .
unfortunetly i am not intrested in any kato skins or blue gems .
i have autism and my friends are always asking me what it 's like to be in my own world .
they tell me they would changr bodies with me if they could but i always answer no cuz i do n't have interest in beimg any of my friends .
so they 've lately be asking if there was a drug that could would ad a simulator .
i wan na ask about remix os capabilities that is it possible that when i plug in my pen drive and it will detect video on it and play it ?
thank you for your cooperation if you answering this question .
i think this is what will cause the price to skyrocket .
a high price leads to media coverage and greater adoption and developer interest .
so when is it likely that the big chinese exchanges will start listing dash ?
what do you do after you dump all your mythril and orbs into honing r5 full charge ?
you whale for r5 powerchain and whale for tgc .
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
also feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score so people can compare .
for example old ghastly nests are now drowzee post more if you spot them
this dude that you race in super mario sunshine .
this dude is n't talked about a lot but i personally really like him as an npc .
his dialogue is funny and he has a silly design .
you are nothing but a rank amateur you are like a fat snail ! ''
he has an egotistical demeanor and is always looking for new competition to race with .
i 'd go as far as saying he could 've made a decent papyrus .
hell mario sunshine has a lot of stuff that could be used .
the game has a pretty good leitmotif that is shared by delfino plaza bianco hills ricco harbor and gelato beach .
listen closely you can hear the same leitmotif in them .
might be handy for if anyone makes fan music .
i 'm fairly new to dominion but my wife and i are loving every minute of it we 've even picked up a few expansions .
we often play together but do n't have too many other friends who play irl .
since i ca n't get enough i 've been looking online to scratch that itch but fear i may have jumped on the dominion bandwagon too late .
i understand a lot of changes are coming to dominion online in 2017 what with the new developers and such and with the new subscription model some existing players may be turned off as well .
i guess my question boils down to this will enough of you be continuing to play to make it worthwhile playing online ?
do you expect there to be enough of a lasting player base to make it easy and fast to join matches going forward ?
how long do you foresee the dominion train to keep on chugging so to speak ?
where 's the location of the data telling origin what 's installed and where ?
i just get tired of origin checking the game every time i have to reinstall windows .
it would n't be so bad but for something like bf4 it takes a good while to check it .
i 'd like to install all my games and then image my install with macrium reflect that way it 's all the games are setup and ready to go every time i reinstall windows .
i have android specifically a galaxy s4 but my family have iphones all different models .
if i send them a video or picture of my son through texts then it pixelates it so bad you ca n't make anything out .
emails want me to shrink it down the same way .
the only way i 've been able to send them is through facebook but we ca n't figure out how to save the video from facebook to iphone .
the problem is that my dad does n't have facebook so i 'm stuck sending them to my mom and since she ca n't save it she ca n't send it to my dad .
pretty much this is keeping my dad from getting any pictures or videos .
my mom could text them to him fine through text if she could get facebook to let her save them .
medication is taken at a clinic so compliance wo n't be a problem .
recently many peanut butter brands have come out with an all natural '' version of creamy peanut butter that does n't use partial hydrogenated oils .
these oils were initially used to create the creamy '' texture how is it possible without them ?
could you provide me with a link if you happened to find it ?
i need to put my despair to rest with my despairing french skills .
okay to be fair we are both awkward and not awkward in the adorable-teehee-i'm-so-awkward-lol sense but rather in the paralyzingly socially anxious sense .
and it 's starting to get very frustrating for me and probably for him as well .
we 've been romantically involved for a few months and have not progressed beyond hand holding quick pecks on the lips and some a cuddling .
he has n't outright told me that he is a virgin but i 'm pretty sure he is .
i 'm starting to think that he has n't so much as made out with anyone before .
so i think it 's probably going to be on me as the slightly more experienced of the two of us to initiate/advance the physical side of the relationship .
so i 'm trying to figure out to do this without overwhelming him or coming on too strong .
i would also like to help him build up enough confidence to make a move once in a while .
and i guess that 's where the advice-seeking comes in what is a good way to express to him conversationally or using physical cues or whatever that i want to take things further ?
i do n't necessarily mean jumping into sex right away but just suggesting to him that i 'd be interested in some sort of forward progression with the physical aspect of our relationship .
i know the obvious answers are going to be use your words '' or touch him on the penis '' but i 'm looking for more specific guidance like how to bring it up in conversation and how to show a wonderful but completetly clueless guy what you want him to do to you .
tl dr how do i show and tell my shy virgin boyfriend what i am looking for physically/sexually without coming on too strong ?
i 've picked up herald of perfection lately and as the title suggests i 'd like some help with the side .
all i have set in stone is 3x denko sekka
tl dr i just bought my first pc life long mac unix console user and i want to know what i should do to get it set up for gaming .
i have been using repairing modding and generally living with mac and unix
i have a couple of consoles and like gaming on them but am looking for something better .
i 'm not a huge gamer my main titles are wow minecraft gta v cod zombies granturismo
i just recently got no man 's sky and am loving it but it does n't run so well on my high end 15in mbpr in bootcamp .
i had been pricing out building a rig from the ground up when my friend sent me a link to a really great deal .
an hp envy i7 16 gb with a gtx 980ti for 1,100 ish .
i had the scratch so i pulled the trigger and placed the order .
my questions is this when i have the machine in hand what are some of the first things i should do to optomize it ?
i want to get rid of all the bloatware and crap the factory installs customize windows to run lean and fast .
i do n't care about any bells and whistles or extra programs .
if it does n't speed up the performance it gets kicked .
i do n't know much about windows and what to remove keep .
please help me get this os stripped down and ready for steam and hours of game enjoyment .
thank you so much in advance for all your help .
feel free to ask any questions so i can help you better help me .
my friend is currently in prison in a western country with extremely low hiv rates .
only 1 in 250,000 heterosexual males are diagnosed a year .
only had unprotected sex with 4 women since his last std check 2 years ago .
he 's been in prison for about 6 months now .
he believed his thyroid might be messed up due to his chronic drug abuse .
he has used everything from mdma to cocaine to steroids .
anyway they tested his thyroid and a few other things and diagnosed him with hiv .
as stated before the odds of this for a straight male in his country are insanely low .
the quality of the healthcare system is good in the country but horrible in the prison .
he 's had 2 reactive '' tests so far the nurse wo n't tell him exactly what test it was but they were both done with blood and both in the same type of tube googling tells me it was likely an elisa test .
he 's since had more blood taken to get a hiv viral count which he 's expecting next week or so .
from what i was reading online i found that normally a western blot '' test is recommended after a positive elisa but it sounds like they just did the elisa test twice .
is this standard practice or what is the standard practice here and why ?
from reading online a false positive elisa test is about 15 per 10,000 which seems a bit more likely than 1 in 250,000 .
his cd4 level was 496 the normal range is 500 to 1500 .
his only 'symptom ' really is slightly enlarged lymphnodes in the neck .
he 's lost a lot of weight the last few months hates the food is n't sleeping well and has a lot of anxiety ... . but that could all be due to him being in prison .
they week after his second 'reactive ' test they tested him on a whole bunch of other things syphillips gonorrhea hepatitis a whole bunch of other things again he does n't know exactly what and they wo n't tell him .
he came back negative on everything else although he did have a 'slightly low platelete count ' .
as said before he 's expecting his viral count next week but they said even if this comes back as 0 he should still begin medication as often the count can be undetectable .
is it standard practice to run 2 elisa tests ?
is there anything else especially drug abuse that could cause false positives ?
if his cd4 is just below minimum and he comes back as 0 on the viral count then is it standard practice to begin him on medication just based on 2 elisa tests ?
i 'm asking these questions on behalf of him as obviously he has no internet and he has only had a 3 minute meeting with a doctor about this whole thing .
i did it and it was n't very difficult at all .
totally worth it just for all the childhood memories i get to revisit !
comment if you have any questions on how to do it !
for example there are isolated gyms centennial mills is one where anyone playing should be clearly visible .
i 've taken over gym and immediately there is another person of same team or taken over by another team .
i was thinking about trying out for attack this year on my hs team and was wondering what are some good drills to do by myself to make myself a better attackman ?
how long will it take for him to respawn if i escape rope out of the cave
i will answer all questions or concerns about it .
i am very new to rust i 've done minor fun '' things with it for 2 months now ... but i love so much about this language ...
from the fabulous dependencies management that i feel i 've barely even scratched to just the general ecosystem.. it is amazing .
i 've used c and c variants for almost everything i 've done i never really got into java and i know enough python to make my life a little easier ... and i work primarily with embedded systems .
recently i 've been dabbling with my nrf52 dk which touts a arm cortex m4 32 bit processor and now nordic says their ant stacks are open source ...
so i thought why not see how much of an undertaking it would be to cross compile using primarily rust .
so my preliminary research into this world is probably filled with me looking in all the wrong places ... but most of what i 've seen is very old ?
zinc looks great https zinc.rs but i 'm having trouble finding more recent documentation or active community .
what 's troubling is one of the more recent '' comments on an open issue on github stated that
i 'll admit i have n't been working with zinc much recently .
things should work but the project has n't been too active recently it would be nice to get this to change .
so i was interested in getting an opinion from those much more knowledgeable and experienced than i if this is feasible project or if i should put my new-found rusty tools back in the box and just continue work with the classics .
edit wow i was looking through the rust subreddit a bit and what do you know the very first link i click is a tockos blog post with a specific reference to the nrf51 series that 's promising !
got the delux version that is suppose to give me packs for ultimate team but nothing is showing up
my boyfriend and i have always been gamers but we play very different games .
i like sif and harvest moon and legend of mana and he likes halo and overwatch and world of warcraft .
however sharing my progress and gameplay with him is such a privilege yanno ?
so many people would write off sif as some pervy japanese franchise which ... .it really is but he 's chosen to see the value of it through my eyes which makes me very happy .
he tells me about the upcoming dlc for wow and i talk about the korean player drama and 4.0 .
he talks about weapon drops in destiny and i talk about tiering or my newest ur .
it especially makes me happy when he sits down and watches me play .
recently i played beat in angel and aozora jumping heart for him and he was blown away that fingers could even move that fast even as a high level wow player .
that one holdnote on the left spam on the right side in aozora jumping heart made him get all sportcasty on me .
like oh my god is she gon na make it ? ''
i play so so so much better with an audience .
on the other hand my roommates just think i 'm a weaboo and that all video games are dumb and pointless so there 's definitely an opposite spectrum .
oh wait let me guess your japanese game right ? ''
and then i sigh and purposefully bore them by talking about my tiering strategy at length lol .
i dunno this was n't meant to be a discussion .
i mean this was just supposed to be an sif based thought dump hence the other '' flair .
but i 'd like to read your guys ' experiences with sharing sif with others !
this is an automatic summary original http www.cnn.com/2016/08/22/africa/mali-timbuktu-war-crimes reduced by 53 .
story highlightsin a first international criminal court lists destroying cultural artifacts as a war crime the city of timbuktu in mali is a unesco world heritage site founded in fifth century .
it follows the trial of jihadist ahmad al-faqi al-mahdi who pleaded guilty monday to destroying religious monuments in the ancient city of timbuktu in mali .
like isis which has laid waste to the ancient cities of nimrud and palmyra in the middle east ansar dine declared it would establish an islamist state and enforce strict sharia law with little room for cultural or religious tolerance .
as a result the terrorist groups have attacked ancient historic monuments and religious shrines .
using pickaxes and iron bars ansar dine destroyed tombs of historic religious figures as well as institutions housing documents from the middle ages in timbuktu .
founded in the fifth century timbuktu rose to prominence in the 15th and 16th centuries as a center of islamic learning and helped the spread of islam across africa .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.cnn.com/2016/08/22/africa/mali-timbuktu-war-crimes faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 79704 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords timbuktu 1 religious 2 attack 3 world 4 city 5
post found in r/worldnews http np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/4z4ios/jihadist_pleads_guilty_to_destroying_ancient r/africa http np.reddit.com/r/africa/comments/4z4isg/jihadist_pleads_guilty_to_destroying_ancient and r/besteurope http np.reddit.com/r/besteurope/comments/4z4j3a/jihadist_pleads_guilty_to_destroying_ancient .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
if there is a group dedicated to fighting najaralas would their name be the g.i .
sometimes when using windows 10 my screen starts to flicker and then it says the intel hd5500 graphic driver had an issue and it was recovered .
then all of a sudden i get the blue screen saying that there is a problem and the pc needs to restart and that error info is getting collected .
then once the pc restarts it hangs for a while at the lenovo boot screen bios and hangs stating that hdd0 is missing .
i have to do a hard reset for the pc to boot normally again into windows 10 .
this only happens with windows and so far on linux i have no issues .
is this issue related to my hard disk or the graphics card ?
i changed my original hard disk to a ssd crucial mx100 512 gb .
the intel hd driver is updated only up to what lenovo has released intel has a newer driver and i checked the firmware version of the ssd which also happens to be the latest release .
i 'm an australian with an interest in uk stuff and have been reading about issues related to freedom of movement '' in the future with brexit .
one issue that has been raised is free travel across the border between ireland and northern ireland i.e the uk .
is this what is meant by freedom of movement '' fom ?
the reason i am particularly confused is that in my experience the uk does n't have fom with other eu countries .
in fact when i caught a bus from brussels to london several years ago the border control at the uk side of the tunnel was the strictest i have ever experienced .
i was questioned for 2-3 minutes by the customs officer about my travel plans which has never happened to me anywhere else .
several months later i flew from new york to paris and entered the eu without even going through passport control .
does this mean i could have caught a ferry from france or another eu country to ireland and then driven across the ireland-northern ireland border and have avoided the border checks ?
it seems like a pretty flawed system if that 's the case .
apologies for the long post but can anyone help clear up my confusion ?
i 'm an experienced cyclist as far as working out goes but i 'm going to start biking to work 16 miles each way once i figure out a good route and i have a few quick questions
1 my bike will be in a covered but open garage in dallas tx .
there would be days in the summer where my bike is in the shade but the temperature outside is 100 .
it 's an aluminum frame specialized allez is this going to be bad or noticeably wear down the bike in any way ?
2 i love my bike and use it for races and workouts .
i 'm a little concerned about putting an additional 120-150 miles on it per week but i ca n't put my finger on why .
what are the potential downsides to doing this in terms of the bike itself maintenance etc. not looking for fitness advice and should i consider getting a cheaper commuter bike and keeping my allez exclusively for workouts and races ?
i mean the feature where you connect 2 different sources to your monitor and it displays one on left and one on right .
on this page i find very outdated info http www.lg.com/us/experience-monitors/ultra-wide-monitors
i 'm looking to buy the 25um58 or 29um58 but i 'm not sure they have this feature .
so long story short i 'm an idiot and downloaded a game but i did n't bother to check the files before i installed it .
and now i have a trojan on my computer and no matter what i do i ca n't seem to get rid of it .
as far as i can tell it has n't been activated so it is still lying dormant in my system files but i ca n't find it .
i 've run a scan with malware bytes and it said it quarantined the virus and removed it .
but then i ran a scan with windows defender and it said that the virus was still there .
is it possible that the virus somehow latched itself onto defender ?
so that every time i scan it 'll reinstall itself ?
it seems unlikely to me since i 've even scanned when i was n't hooked up to the internet and the virus will not go away .
i 'm still not hooked up to the internet just in case .
anybody have an idea of how i can clear it out without formatting my pc ?
it 's windows 10 by the way if that changes anything .
if you need more details i will gladly supply them .
i 'm having an issue following this group 's readings as they mention several philosophers and ideologies that i am a bit unfamiliar with .
would anyone have a basic layout or understanding of what their end game is ?
besides of course the idea of travelling amongst exposing and ultimately colonizing death literally and ideologically .
but she is immediately defeated by ron hermione draco and ginny together .
also this contradicts what jkr earlier said about harry dying undefeated .
would it be possible for an european culture believe that traveling to the north pole meant going down ?
i 've seen many posts on here about how to talk to girls or talk to guys .
my problem is i do n't know how to do either .
i 've never been in a relationship my entire life .
i do n't even know what love feels like nor would i know if i was even in it .
i was diagnosed with adhd when i was in 3rd grade .
ever since then i had begun taking concerta which allowed me to essentially become a robot .
i essentially traded in emotions and empathy for laser-like concentration .
thus i did n't really care about making any social connections with anybody .
to put even more emphasis on this the only real friend i had up till 5th grade was somebody i met in kindergarten .
when i moved it was a school where they did n't take too kindly to newcomers .
i found friends over the internet but that 's the internet .
i ended up sitting at the nerd table for lunch being picked on for winning the only two science fairs the school ever had and picked on for my appearance .
all i was focused on was school and any relationships i had with girls we 're set up just to mess with me .
guys were out of the picture because if you were gay there it 'd be a problem you know how rural schools are and i had n't fully realized my sexuality due to my past .
so here i am now not knowing how to socialize without being an awkward weirdo because all social skills i know are only relevant to the gaming/internet world .
this is an automatic summary original https www.rt.com/news/356769-german-school-face-veil reduced by 71 .
a court in northwest germany has backed school authorities after a student sued them for expelling her from classes for wearing a full face veil known as a niqab .
as a result the student was expelled from classes and filed a lawsuit against the school asking the court to quot grant her interim legal protection. quot however she refused to appear in court at a scheduled hearing date to explain the nature of the complaint and the reasons for wearing a veil citing increased media attention to her case .
the claimant can now appeal the court decision in the high administrative court of the german state of lower saxony .
people do not even know who are they talking to quot another student stephan schlegel said as quoted by the ndr .
it is not the first case when a court bans students from wearing a niqab in school .
a similar decision was delivered by an administrative court in the german state of bavaria in 2014 .
at a meeting with the members of the german conservative party on august 19 he said that wearing a full face veil has quot no place quot in germany and contradicts the german understanding of a role of a woman .
summary source http smmry.com/https www.rt.com/news/356769-german-school-face-veil faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 79703 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords school 1 student 2 german 3 court 4 wear 5
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
i have been noticing lately i could be wrong but it seemed to be after the windows 10 anniversary update that when i go on maps it just seems very choppy it 's slow and sometimes it crashed on me .
after doing research i saw somewhere to go on chrome and in the url bar type in chrome flags '' and enable override software rendering list '' and after that to restart .
after doing this everything seems to be running great now so i have no complaints there but i am just wondering if anyone knows exactly what i just did ?
the little research i could gather it seems to do with gpu/gpu drivers ?
not quite sure ... all i know is i have been using this card for a couple of years and it was doing fine as i said i could be wrong but i swear i started seeing problems after the windows 10 update .
if anyone could shed some light and explain in detail if something is wrong with my gpu or drivers .
if i should go back to flags and disable the rendering list please also let me know .
hi men what is the best start pack to the start in mut ? and why please .
i 've cleared normal many times before just wondering about what team i should use as i know i have many options within my box lol .
i am currently looking to finish my pokedex and am stumped as to where to find the following pokemon
i have quite a few of these from eggs but not a solid area in the wild to find these ones as well
looking for these pokemon in the san jose milpitas or fremont parts of the bay area .
tulpamancers who happen to be aspiring artists post your latest works of art here !
virtually all forms of creative output are welcome including but not limited to
art drawings paintings modeling includes character creators that look like your tulpas !
music inspired by your tulpas or even composed/played by them
made a bracelet with a symbol that represents your tulpa ?
everyone 's welcome to comment and critique other people 's artwork but make sure to keep it constructive .
i 've been having issues with my consoles and my wifi .
it works just perfectly with other pcs and mobile devices but none of my three main consoles can connect to my router .
the error seems to be completely random from incorrect key to weak signal it 's very close .
sometimes the consoles can see the signal and sometimes it ca n't .
they can see signals from the house next door though .
i 'm in this constant cycle regarding my health .
i was worried for weeks i have leukemia because my lymphocytes were 0.1 higher than the norm .
my doctor told me differentials are out of range all the time .
i see patients that are much more out of range than this and it is not a big deal .
we look for patients who are significantly out of range .
by significantly i mean 20 30 40 points out of range .
now i 've moved on from that to a pain i had in my lower back .
long story short i have been doing this for the past 5 years .
it started with unexplained chest pains which still continue and it spiraled out of control .
i 've lost the last 5 years of my normal life to this and i need to break out of this .
i 've seen a few psychologists who have been no help to me .
i am going to start seeing a psychiatrist soon but is there anything in the meantime that can help ?
i just picked up a pair of triple black nova pks the other day and i 'm having trouble finding a pair of pants to go with them .
any suggestions regarding an entire fit are greatly appreciated .
any game that heavily utilizes the gpu battlefront most recently makes it give off a certain plastic smell .
i do n't think it 's burning cause at load it 's 74c and idles at 32c .
i am relatively new to twitter and trying to figure out who to follow .
at this point i 'm just really interested in startups especially tech and app-related and entrepreneurial-related things .
i also want to keep my twitter feed relatively clean so i can actually get value from who i am following instead of just trying to pick something valuable amongst a ton of random tweets .
would like to avoid people who just post fluff as well .
so the question is who do you follow on twitter for your startup fix that you would recommend ?
i keep hearing about purenexus does it increase performance or something ?
steve ballmer will be teaching a sophomore econ introsem econ19q in the fall and tyra banks will be teaching an mba class gsbgen585 in the spring .
include all your knowledge and plans and any particularly good posts you 've made so the mods can evaluate .
i just think the way the cats play with the bag is super dangerous .
edit moved sound card to new post here https www.reddit.com/r/hardwareswap/comments/4zr5yr/usacahevga_gtx_460_audigy_se_sound_card_samsung .
i 'm selling a razer nostromo in great condition .
only used it a few times and it comes with all the original paperwork .
i also have a creative sound blaster audigy se sound card with a 7.1 surround output that fits into a pci expansion slot .
this is a great upgrade to any onboard desktop audio .
let me know if you have any questions or want to make an offer .
after unpacking your belongings in the personal quarters and talking to the others you decided to get some sleep .
you awake to the sounds of a ship-wide chime announcing the new day ahead .
all crew please report to the bridge for briefing .
repeat all crew please report to the bridge for briefing .
upon making your way to the bridge after freshening up you see xavier standing in front of the captain 's chair .
he 's facing all the crew exchanging some greetings before he calls the crew to attention .
i trust that you all have been acclimating well to the ship .
it is with great pleasure that i can say it 's been a whole 24 hours since we lifted off from earth !
and as far as life on the ship goes we 're doing pretty well .
pretty soon we 'll be approaching our first stop is quadrant zz alpha-36 home of the milky days '' !
it 's an old diner that i used to hang out at .
i 'm sure you guys will appreciate the food there .
they are n't called the 'best resturant in the outer rim ' for nothing you know .
but before we land we need to assign each of you your jobs and duties to fulfill while you 're a part of the crew .
now do n't worry these jobs wo n't be too strenuous for any of you especially since we have a rather large amount of crew members .
a small holo display should now be in front of you .
a display screen with various positions is in front of you .
all you need to do is sign off on the job that you find yourself most suitable for you .
keep in mind that if there are too many applications for one position you might be moved to another so try to list your second best option as well if you can .
after you 're done signing into a position you like we 'll exit the craft and get a bite to eat as we fuel up !
try to stick together since i 've already reserved a section of the diner for us so we do n't get separated .
you may have noticed a badge or two on your personal quarter 's desk shaped like a phoenix ?
it 's a small badge with a pin resembling a phoenix .
that 'll let you in and out of the ship and it allows you to talk to any other person wearing one if you do so wish .
just push the button on the badge and say who you want to talk to .
now go sign in so we can get some food !
hey there my team pain and glory is looking for a non lucio support player .
able to practice mon-thur 6est-11est then have most of saturday and sunday available
willing to take criticism and take notes on games .
a little more about my team is that we aim to consistently enter tournaments and work our way up the ladder to being one of the best teams .
eventually we want to be a sponsored team and make money off of this game .
if this is not your desire then please do not add me .
if you wish to tryout please add me on bnet pagogo 1913
i would like to see frank win afp again personally .
he is 4th on bb jokers and i feel like the longer the game goes the more hated the other houseguest will be .
hey guys i was wondering who i should 6 next .
i can auto gb10 with about a 3min run and db10 with 3-3:45 run .
i do n't really want to focus on nb10 just yet as i just got into db10 .
i was thinking i should focus on raids or speeding up giants and dragons .
i was thinking either seara spectra lisa colleen konamiya chasun ritesh or hwa .
i really want to 6 seara but i do n't know if thats the best choice yet .
i can also clear toan and get to like toah 40-50 .
i have setup an irc channel for this subreddit which can be accessed via webclient here https kiwiirc.com/client/irc.snoonet.org vitapiracy or via an irc client on the snoonet server via channel vitapiracy .
looking forward to chatting with you all as more games are released for backup purposes .
also u/maxialstaroa was kind enough to setup a discord server for us which can be found here https discord.gg/m9jy7nf
i 'm currently working on sister act for our local community theatre .
my main task is constructing sweaty eddie 's '' three layer tear away costume for his big number .
i 'm elbows deep in snap tape and i was just wondering if anyone who has worked this show has any tips or ideas ?
specifically on getting the collars to lay nice and straight but any thoughts on the costume would be much appreciated .
or if anyone had any major issues with their construction i would love to hear your story .
it 's a somewhat complicated piece and i 'm very nervous about presenting it .
i 'm a novice costumer and this is the scariest thing i 've ever built and a lot of pressure for it to look good .
testing the rtr version of the bic but the dayton is 15 which generally means it runs into lower hz .
so the only thing the new clue has revealed is another skull which is kind of a bummer since we have n't gotten any actual clue yet but i was still wondering what it meant .
are we supposed to compare it to the one before or is it the same ?
i 'm not that good with the arg and some of you guys are geniuses so i 'd rather leave it up to you .
i ca n't believe we 're already 10 whole episodes in !
with water magic in hand we head to the underground palace to tackle the very first quest we were given !
experienced in hm and nm can do both flawlessly with challenges
saw a security listing for some events coming up so i decided to sign up as event security for that company .
i dressed nice but not to fancy others that were there literally wore ripped up jean-shorts and a tank top to their interview .
so the interview begins and instead of typical questions the company put some questions up on a power point and had everyone interview each other .
how is the company supposed to hear the responses ! ?
afterwards they showed a power point and everyone did some paperwork .
the first was the piss test which several could n't pass .
like why did you show up if your a drug addict !
it had a sheet of instructions and we were told to read it then draw various things on a piece of paper .
the last instruction was to only answer the first 5 questions the test was to see if you could read the rules beforehand .
i 'm pretty sure i did a test like this before ... in elementary school !
the third test everyone got a map of a building and were told to write directions they would give to someone to get from point a to point b .
the person who had my test beforehand scribbled on the map its in the middle '' .
right after that they said everyone was hired for the event .
i thought they were joking but they were serious !
the kicker was that they then told us that the interview was just for that one specific event .
i called them beforehand and told them i could n't make that event and they told me to interview anyways .
now they 're saying that the interview did n't count if you 're not doing that particular event !
lets just say if i were you i would n't go attend that event they 're literally hiring idiots to be their security !
so while trying to progress through the tower to climb the leaderboards i 've been having some issues with hades .
sometimes i lose the buff early 2-3 stacks still up and i 'm not sure why .
has anyone else run into problems with buff duration ?
first i thought adamntoise might be dispelling it when using the stomp but it dropped on other occasions too .
i thought it might be the amount of buffs i have on me mostly elemental drives and pupu enhancement but i managed to have a second buff bar while it still was up .
no worries i 'm at the gym so i ca n't really look at the sheet right now .
while waiting for a reply check out our guidelines rules https www.reddit.com/r/photoshoprequest/wiki/index wiki_guidelines in case you missed them or take a look at some gilded comments https www.reddit.com/r/photoshoprequest/gilded .
keep in mind that any violation of the rules may result in a ban .
if you have any question check out our faq https www.reddit.com/r/photoshoprequest/wiki/index wiki_faq before contacting the mods .
once your request is fulfilled please remember to thank who helped you and to mark your post as solved .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/photoshoprequest if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'll give it 15 minutes before it becomes a photoshop battle .
i hope the story behind this is in his next book !
1998 dodge ram 1500 covered in rust holes and getting 6mpg 2015 ford police interceptor sedan taurus
are you using this .cia https github.com/astronautlevel2/bootntr/releases with the .bin https github.com/44670/bootntr/releases file from these pages ?
you have made these types of blanket generalisations throughout the thread .
not once have you backed up your assertion that young parents are more likely to beat their child to death .
use a mach for blitzing and a rattle for normal missions .
you can use marauders as endgame but watch out for gankers .
also do n't run missions all the time take exploration trips or run ded sites in highsec so you wont get bored .
got to love that blame the young mentality here .
they argue the market rewards innovation and when they just none this is what happens .
actually the exact phrasing they used was that hillary 's server did n't have full-time security staff like those found ... even with a commercial service like gmail '' .
and even if that were true for all practical purposes it does n't matter .
she would 've been hacked on a state dept .
the fbi acknowledges that hostile actors gained access to the private commercial e-mail accounts of people with whom secretary clinton was in regular contact '' .
including the infamous guccifer hack of wait for it sid blumenthal 's aol account along with the commercial accounts of many other politicians .
it was even another aol account that he hacked to get the photos of bush 's self-portraits and hw bush 's hospital stay .
somehow he was able to hack blumenthal 's account and see her correspondence but was not able to hack her private server or else did n't try for some reason though he later claimed to .
i do n't know if this movie is out in australia yet but i have seen no marketing or advertising at all .
i would n't even know it was a movie if it was n't for the reports of it flopping .
you can write one yourself i 'm not sure it 's important enough to be in the core libarary
damn i am forever going to think about tron when someone uses that now .
where did i say only 2-3 a year ? i said save major changes to be very in frequent champion reworks new items .
small balance changes to existing numbers is nothing like that .
if champion a '' is really strong because of the 1.0 scaling on their q and its nerfed to .75 that 's fine .
hell if you main that champ you 'd still be fine .
for information on sd cards please refer to r/3ds 's wiki page on sd cards https www.reddit.com/r/3ds/wiki/sdcard .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/3ds if you have any questions or concerns .
we live in the one state they charge tax on hahaha .
i put in my friends addr in mn and grand total was the subtotal .
it may just be the anger issues so that 's good .
received the email gon na try it out after this game of overwatch .
maybe you can thank me with a discount for if/when i buy arq still not really tested it as i 've been unable to restore stuff or maybe i 'm just being cocky at this point sorry !
i like it much better too the only problem i have is that i ca n't see the song length of songs in the menus .
you 're probably using the old version of bootntr .
i 'll go find the link to the new one .
edit https github.com/astronautlevel2/bootntr/releases outside of this i do n't know what your problem could be .
during one of my ems shifts a man took issue with a family member being transported by ambulance to another hospital .
he became quite irate and called in a threat to shoot up the first ambulance he could find and kill everyone in it '' .
despite lots of police escorts that day the situation did not feel particularly safe for work .
a close second would probably be the patient i had that died during sex .
google so far is only pulling up a toggle switch
some pieces sit in store for a few days depending where you live .
i have to agree that is does seem this way .
please post any comments that are not a photoshop as a reply to this comment and leave the top of the thread for original content .
i bot removed my first comment to keep this nest at the bottom of the page .
helpful links for this image other discussions https www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/related/4z3ovr/psbattle_man_in_a_tub_boat karmadecay https karmadecay.com/r/photoshopbattles/comments/4z3ovr/psbattle_man_in_a_tub_boat google image search https www.google.com/searchbyimage ? image_url=http i.imgur.com/upaxyru 2ejpg
this is an automated response faq http www.reddit.com/r/apicontraptions/wiki/apicontraption_faq send feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=apicontraption subject=feedback thingid message link to post https www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/comments/4z3ovr/psbattle_man_in_a_tub_boat 'i like feedback '
ugh imagine having to suck on an asshole flavored live saver !
cannabidiol is not scheduled by the convention on psychotropic substances .
quit wasting my time on this shit i already posted a link https www.purecbdvapors.com where you can go buy it and get it shipped to all 50 states .
actually grownman gaming did the calculations and cocluded shiv was superior in most cases except when pure splitpushing shiv does little once you have hydra and the proc on turrets helps more than ya think .
also keep in mind that rpc does more on basic hit where shiv does same even more if q or having ie for crit damage .
you 're still considered a bad person because you 're suppose to find a way to make it work .
i had one of my aunt 's rag on a distant cousin because her kids did n't live with her .
no one in the immediate family knew why but the woman was automatically assumed to be untrustworthy and lazy .
it 's wrong on the digital copy i 'm watching on my commute at least .
eh you do n't have to be a hipster '' or whatever to think that other fast food places provide better fast food .
i mean wendy 's makes better fries and bk better burgers .
first time at a raw ever and they drop the sad news about finn ...
rollins jericho enzo cass sami ko reigns came to the ring and now will have a series of matches to see who the new champ will be .
both stubbers and autoguns fire projectile rounds really the only differences are how they fire said round or the level of tech .
a revolver or semiautomatic like the vis 35 would be considered stub pistols while a fully automatic pistol like the beretta 93r or skorpion vz .
at most aerospace and defense companies i 've seen that people generally work 40 hours per week .
some put in more but you can generally stick to your quitting time and not see anything negative from it .
watched the bird video yesterday and was hit with a train of emotions .
the church teaches that homosexual behavior is sinful and your stepfamily may not agree with or approve of it but we are encouraged to love and respect people regardless of disagreements .
nobody 's perfect of course but that 's the ideal .
i find cannabis users to be overwhelming chill open minded and friendly .
that would work but we are talking about valve so we both know nothing is going to happen .
actually i just had one today which was bizarre .
it started last night when i checked on my moms house house since she 's visiting my sister across the country .
i found her neighbor/friend drunk on her back porch and called my mom who told me just to let her inside and let her sleep it off .
my mom facetimed me today from across the country at a bridal shop with my sister .
when we got off the phone she started talking to a lady who was trying on dresses next to my sister .
turns out this lady knows my moms neighbor worked with her and has partied in the neighborhood when my mom lives .
well i just watched the oneyplays uncharted 4 with egoraptor ep 16 light beamo '' and oney said that matt and ryan are editing .
since oney is doing this i believe at the grump space it is fair to say they are now doing a good chunk of the editing .
i have a feeling that we 'll find out when we are ready .
7 or 8 orbs i forgot which one ... connected with no row made and about 4 or 5 combo should do
i 'm glad at least someone is suspicious of her which they should be .
i mean i 'm leaning more towards the trusting side with her but i 'm glad zoro 's keeping an eye out for any funny business .
i mean i 'm here in california so we have earthquakes and a little bit of settling and cracks flaking paint around door corners etc .
is totally normal and comes with living in an earthquake prone area .
one of the best things i ever did was pick a room the living room and declare it a no toy zone . ''
i got all the kids ' stuff out of that room and then decluttered it .
there 's a couch and there are bookshelves and i do n't mind if the kids have books in that room to read but no toys .
a couple rounds of any toys i find in the living room at dinner time are going away for a few days '' set the rule and now it 's pretty well established .
sure the occasional odd thing makes its way in there but it 's not completely full of duplos stuffed animals toy kitchenware and everything else .
having just that one room toy-free made it much easier to declutter it and now it 's my little sanity haven .
when i need to tidy i start there because it 's easy and then i keep on going .
one thing that really helped me get started was to keep a large box or bag for stuff to donate to goodwill .
when the box was full i took it in and donated it no i 'll just find a few more things '' or i 'll take it next week after ... '' box full take it and drop it off gone .
get out another box and start filling it with stuff you missed .
it keeps it from being too overwhelming trying to figure out everything you 're going to donate all at once .
with kids you kind of have to let go a bit .
i can clean it up and five seconds later it is a disaster .
if i feel overwhelmed by the mess i go upstairs to my living room .
if i feel really overwhelmed with the mess i start looking through for things to stick in the donate '' box .
i assume that at a minimum i 'd be doing standard ra work some more middle level complexity stuff .
the opportunity presented itself more so than i got offered a job with specific descriptions .
highly doubt i 'd be actually writing the paper but i imagine that about 35 of all data of which there 's massive amounts would have gone through me and i 'd be doing intermediate steps as well .
i dont actually expect to be a co-author it 's more so a far shot and curiosity if it 's happened before .
nidoran males are all over maclaren park i catch wayyy too many of them when i go there .
having a photo printer at home is really convenient if your kid has homework that requires a color printer and is also due the following day of assigning which believe it or not has happened several times already and my oldest is in 1st grade .
i was hoping to leave as much fresh milk as possible as she prefers it .
i also did n't know until a couple of other commenters clued me in that defrosting under the faucet was actually ok to do .
i had thought the fridge was the only safe way !
we will definitely be glad to have this option .
drop hail slightly behind the ranged add to where he 's gon na back away from you to .
i inherited my grandfather 's pet chicken which he used to peck open packets .
it has been in the family for generations and still works as good as new .
the scissor business killed off most chicken openers leaving thousands looking for work .
this lead to cheap chicken and battery farming explaining why i can get a whole chicken for £3.50 .
literally no one of any importance or actual power worked in our entire facility so ...
i would n't be too surprised if you could go to a gamestop and ask if they have any extras after release .
though they might not be willing to give that out to someone who does n't own the game but that would depend on how your cashier or the manager if they ask looks at the situation .
giving it to you is better than just trashing it .
can we hire rickey as unofficial hitting coach for next season ?
though i imagine his advice would be take rickey 's advice .
you got ta hit it real hard to get a hit '' .
what kind of high dollar high school did you go to ?
mix it with good quality olive oil and some honey and spices to make salad dressing .
i think that a universe which would only have been different if it was different is a bit tautological .
i spent a while trying to figure out why the map said forth wortho ''
your team is still highly likely to lose due to the horrible team comp .
i 'm at max mmr and you still get teamates who are not the same level as you .
except there is no way for me to get better and move out of this zone because the mmr is capped .
at least you could actaully get good at the game and stop getting matched with the players you are complaining about .
there still are stans that said they love the album without understanding why which leads me to believe they like it because it 's frank and they should like franks music making them basically brainwashed and yes i will call those people dick riders not changing that
basahin mo lahat yung binigay sayo saka saang banda ng australlia google mo para hindi ka mahirapan kapag nag move kana mas mainit ang singaw pag tag init at mas malamig ang winter doon .
mas malaki ang workload nila at maninibago ikaw malalaman mo na medyo tamad talaga ang pinoy haha .
i appreciate it cause that shit used to always snap your opponents down to the mat on old svrs so you could run a caw with that in his moveset and use it to hit top rope moves all the time
you do n't prime them from the juice holes take the juice and run it around the inside of the coil until the juice holes are fully translucent or the cotton will burn on the top .
just take a unicorn bottle and run a ring right around this top and keep doing that until you get a bubble that takes forever to go away and it should be good to go .
if you have the coils with two yellow o-rings they are the third revision coils that are supposed to last but the older ones with one yellow and one black o-ring do n't last long at all .
there is another problem with this tank that has to be solved .
it vacuum locks and does n't wick because of it .
take the base and slowly unscrew it from the glass like you were going to change the coil until bubbles rise up .
you would think it would spill out but it does n't leak at all .
from that point it should wick properly and the dry hits should go away unless you 're chain vaping .
the problem is that it 's annoying having the tank like that but someone on here suggested it and it works .
i have two packs of the original yellow and black o-ring 0.5s and they die within a few days basically no taste .
i emailed uwell and around 3 weeks later they replaced one with a pack of 0.25s with the new yellow o-rings and the same one has been working for awhile now but it has the wicking problem if i do n't unscrew the glass a bit like that .
i have 1 0.25 left for my v1 and i have 17 ii coils to use before i retire my crowns in favor of my cleito .
the vapor lock does n't happen with the 0.2ohm coils with the 5ml glass for me and the flavor is better than either crown although i just got a pack of 0.8ohm kanthal coils for the ii which i 'm going to try out before i shelve it for good .
my house was flooded during sandy as much as i would love to say fuck off it 's the people who get affected that matter .
how about you take this nonsense to the rodina sub then ?
ca n't comment on the evo sorry about that just do n't have one but i can comment on herbal blends .
they are the same usually from many different sites and companies .
they contain the same herbs you find in most herbal teas from whole foods or something .
some have more exotic semi-psychoactive herbs like passion flower for instance .
generally though they will give you about as strong as an effect as drinking a few cups of concentrated tea of the same herbs .
friend banged a co-worker on the manager 's desk .
he was n't too fond of the current management .
you 've got be kidding psychoanalysts are getting in on the global warming action ?
that pain in the neck is climate change denial ''
would you be able to do the 25 for the chocolate bar ?
my relation to the person that died was we went to high school .
i 've been suicidal before and yes i live with my parents .
leather loop is my favorite band ... until the weather gets hot and muggy .
i paid my 15 to see if i could deal with the third party band and i 'm pleasantly surprised by the quality .
eh notability is overrated unless you 're specifically grinding for something .
there are places that are more profitable but i do n't think there 's anywhere better for stat point gain .
being able to basically ignore your menaces lets you push your stats down increase the difficulty of the checks and power through levels .
and why should we be worried about giving russia nuclear weapons ?
i thought he said putin was an admirable leader .
i do n't know who is telling you this but if the taxes are n't ones involved in the audit going on who could possibly use them against him ?
at 1st i was like wait why are you coughing and covering the camera smoking a cigarette and then i realize holy s it 's not a cigarette .
p.s they showed her smoking a cigarette during her bachelorette party last season so i was like yeah nope not a cigarette
where 'd you get the information that they were robbing anyone ?
the article details a physical assault but i see no mentions that the attackers tried to steal anything .
edit never mind i need to work on my reading comprehension .
this comment has been overwritten by this open source script https greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite to protect this user apos s privacy .
the purpose of this script is to help protect users from doxing stalking and harassment .
it also helps prevent mods from profiling and censoring .
if you would like to protect yourself add the chrome extension tampermonkey https chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo or the firefox extension greasemonkey https addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey and click install this script on the script https greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite page .
then to delete your comments simply click on your username on reddit go to the comments tab scroll down as far as possible hint use res http www.redditenhancementsuite.com and hit the new overwrite button at the top .
if you have a vr headset there are regular dnd games in altspacevr .
if you want the best vr headset and have a decently good pc and 800 to drop check out the htc vive .
i love it when they think that atheists believe that there are no gods and i especially love it when they think that proving them wrong proves them right .
widgets still live inside the same area where today view used to be .
that was the two swipe method i was referring to .
sorry i must have miscounted one of the lists .
check if any interest you before i choose to remove one .
it will give me time to organize this properly .
i will definitely miss the outstanding food and the great people i 've met here .
however i 'm really open to meet new people in the us .
ai n't nobody going around saying milo 's perfect .
it was just obvious that this was more lies peddled by daily beast .
milo hosting an event for a politician is about as corrupt as any public personality doing the same .
if you strawman everyone you meet you 're gon na have a bad time .
ticketmaster buys all the weed and resells it at a higher price
same and we all had friends in public schools and werent cut off at all from society .
i 've noticed liberals are too scared to call out islam so they lump all religious communities together before daring to criticize it .
no i was young and he did n't know but recently i had a wet dream where he raped me .
nobody holds trump 's feet to the fire like bill o'reilly .
guy is never really thought of as a scorer '' despite having great ppg on great efficiency .
if you go ahead and compare base attack stats the higher one would be better i suppose
to be the man you got to beat the man . ''
this is what you have been trained for your entire life please research the history of forced education .
wake up very early spend your morning performing boring tasks you have no interest in .
i think it 's carnelian signet '' or something in the latest translations .
based on the renders i really do n't think anyone in the corners at all will be able to see much without a good pair of binoculars .
i think it 's just so far away from the field .
sounds like you 're describing my view of people ... til i 'm a cat
in thirteen states it 's legal to have an open container and as long as you are under the limit you can technically drink drive .
i 've smoked daily for 3 days and taken a test 2 weeks after starting smoking .
multiply that scenario for a few months never tested positive
anyone with basic comprehension skills should be able to tell with the way he talked about multiplayer that it was a miniscule feature and definitely shouldnt have expected to run into someone because of the low probability and so people who get mad that that wasnt in the final game have overhyped the game for themselves .
everyone makes it seem like hg maliciously lied to take peoples money which is bullshit .
so the feature did n't make it in the game has problems greater than a 1 chance of being able to see another player .
also a lot of that multiplayer talk was said yeara ago and data miners found human character models in the files so it 's likely that they intended to implement the feature but for one reason or another they could n't .
the game shot itself in the foot on that one
was this what wwe was talking about when they said they were bringing in more lgbt characters
it 's a choice right now between fear and love .
the eyes of fear want you to put bigger locks on your door buy guns close yourself off .
the eyes of love instead see all of us as one .
here 's what we can do to change the world right now into a better ride take all that money that we spend on weapons and defense each year and instead spend it feeding clothing and educating the poor of the world – which it would do many times over not one human being excluded .
and we can explore space together both inner and outer forever .
now that the game has always been this way it would probably change playing styles and map design a lot if it were to change .
it would be interesting if the consoles could handle a constant spawn so that if you were n't killing at a fast enough rate you would be flooded .
if you run turned and dead wire you can keep them spawning in constantly so the cap is n't noticeable..
i think 3arc has done well increasing the difficulty throughout the dlc season by taking away large training spaces
looks like you can get ripped like a beast on a vegan diet ... .
so it does n't make a difference whether they look like your mother bought them or if they are stylish .
i dont mind using the reusable bags for groceries but i have n't gotten used to bringing reusable bags to the mall yet ... .
the bone ash set is very ugly with the mask being the single ugliest piece of attire in the game .
can i make my repeat quest pick a specific friend ?
am aware i only compare montana vs g.k yamato dispersion and her spread is god-like that 's why i think she have about 10m+/km at least what i remember which better than other .
i thought they were supposed to have less than 100 ?
ugh how far away is november again ... . preordered as well !
just calls his notification sounds and ringer worked fine .
an associate at a sprint store got it to work .
my dad said she just turned it on and off again i can already hear roy from the it crowd like he did at home but when she did it it started to work .
she actually sent him to a different store but he noticed it worked when he got a call and was able to communicate with the other line .
im skinny everywhere else but i have a big gut .
i dont have the extra to replenish my wardrobe as often as id like
my hope is relying on the chinese to bring back the market .
i feel bad for those with so much invested my inventory is not worth much and it 's worth taking the risk and waiting to hopefully make all the profits later .
it just sucks monitoring it right now because all i see is loss .
had a long distance relationship with this girl from a city about 5 hours away from mine .
i ended things as i did n't really like her .
so probably a week later i go to the mall in a city about 30 minutes away from mine .
she just happened to be with her friend from around the area that day .
probably the most i 've ever had to try evading someone in my entire life .
bayley was awesome ... everything was actually really good until that last match .
i knew roman would win then i kind of had a glimmer of hope when ko came out that he would n't .
then it was the same of bullshit that i 've grown tired of .
roman takes 800,000,000 finishers then does a superman punch and spear and wins .
i 'm so sick of reigns it 's incredible god i hope they put the belt on ko .
i tried using a robot in tanaris and didnt get xp .
could it be that you were in a group and got xp because someone else tagged the mobs ?
so it 's links you need then for the packs that are not trending that is ?
try the dual pistols that 's totally what holy swords uses .
this is a question i 'd take to google .
a boards size is n't really about your size but what you want to do .
the wider the board the more stability you 'll have but it 'll be harder to do flip tricks when you 're just starting out .
i 'd agree with the 8 '' recommendation but read up .
iirc it needs to be updated '' by waving it on one of the orca rfid machines .
i dont think it will work with one on a bus but will work with one planted on the ground .
worst case scenario is you have to pay the normal fare .
also if you are a regular commuter research the pugetpass .
i spent maybe 2 months not knowing it existed paying about 150 more per month on my commute than i am now .
a bit different as well but i once caught a chicken bone and plastic bag with a few fish
they 're making tons of cash from star wars why stop ?
but star wars will not survive much longer than 20 or so years of 1 movie per year .
it might if they 're all anthologies but that will only delay the inevitable and we all know disney is n't gon na stick to anthos .
mo the owner will only fix what 's absolutely necessary .
but due to new accounts spamming the sub your submission has been removed .
please contact us with your post link if you believe your post is legitimate and we will approve it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/csgo if you have any questions or concerns .
i think people at r/financialindependence are more aware of the risk of running out of life '' than other people out there .
that 's often one of the reasons for why we want out of the working life early .
but yes even then fear can hold you back .
not sure why the report is looking at australia which has all but dismissed that proposed law .
it should look at the four shining examples of technologically advanced countries where vpns are either illegal or restricted uae china iran and north korea .
only reason i 'm paying for apple music is exclusives and integration .
should n't it have been fairly obvious that when you are having pop in issues things are popping in in a less than ideal way ?
it is a shit expansion that will ruin your game .
but if you do want it in sale itself now is the right time .
there 's something unsettling about a 2 ton giant arm wielding a knife .
that icon 's often used for local events such as pokemon centers in japan .
as you expected that player most likely hacked their game to have that icon .
did they talk about all the adventures they had out there back in the day ?
two boys all alone out there with no one to tend to at night except themselves .
just boys being boys exploring each other 's bodies and figuring out their sexuality .
you have some useful comments couched in intentionally obtuse ones added for reasons unknown .
by the way the quotes at the beginning were obtained when i went back in time on the condition that the speakers remain anonymous .
many immigrants come from shitty places and bring to their new home the very things that make the place they left shitty which is themselves .
at a time when globalization and mechanization are putting enormous pressure on native workers why would we want to import more low and now skill labor to compete with them and push wages down ?
i find it unlikely that most immigrants will ever make enough to even cover their own and their children 's healthcare much less the bevy of other services everyone enjoys .
perhaps we 'd all make out better if we helped them fix their own countries so they could take care of themselves and be good world citizens .
i 'm not sure what you 're asking do you have any kind of solution that currently allows you access to stuff like company files while offsite ?
cena turned into the knee too make it easier for seth but seth jumped higher not knowing cena would lean .
also i specifically said that his own injury probably should n't count .
i never actually said they were seth 's fault in my original comment .
i 'm just saying if someone is going to reference people who were injured in a rollins match they should mention all of them .
i was at a wedding it colorado where i live .
i a friend of the bride started talking to another friend of the bride .
me i was born in a town called norristown .
the hypocrisy of calling someone cheap when you run a billion dollar company and pay peanuts for winning the your own game .
there needs to be like a union like in othersport .
in most sports the brand in an entity owned by the owners but in league riot owns league and governs everything .
tbf the link said female athletes who posed nude . ''
that sort of implies they did a photoshoot or something .
i definitely was n't expecting leaked photos from the title .
this is the best tl dr i could make original http www.cnn.com/2016/08/22/africa/mali-timbuktu-war-crimes reduced by 73 .
story highlightsin a first international criminal court lists destroying cultural artifacts as a war crime the city of timbuktu in mali is a unesco world heritage site founded in fifth century .
it follows the trial of jihadist ahmad al-faqi al-mahdi who pleaded guilty monday to destroying religious monuments in the ancient city of timbuktu in mali .
like isis which has laid waste to the ancient cities of nimrud and palmyra in the middle east ansar dine declared it would establish an islamist state and enforce strict sharia law with little room for cultural or religious tolerance .
extended summary http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/4z4vos/jihadist_pleads_guilty_to_destroying_ancient faq http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 93532 tl drs so far . ''
theory http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords timbuktu 1 religious 2 attack 3 world 4 city 5
i would n't worry you are not missing anything by not being able to post in that shit hole of a sub .
you do n't get to test drive a potential future partner with one still there to fall back on .
how would you feel if the roles were reversed and your gf was off with some guy testing to see if she wants to date him later or not ?
either leave your gf or stop socializing with the new girl .
what would 've been great would be if you helped amita become leader she turned and made everything even worse .
than you had to help sabal either kill her or talk sense into her .
after which you 'd find the girl forget the name .
the issue is that the game seems like it literally does n't give a fuck .
i feel like they made a sequel just to make a sequel .
they 've come a long way from pokemon emerald .
it 's just like sol dae rokker event even the score rewards mostly consists of msp amounts ... ..
at least we are divided into groups this time ... .
well the 22 to 24 inch barrels would be more versatile because you can shoot shot in them but a rifled barrel will be more accurate
jumping into a pool of air because you go from free fall to zero in an instant when you hit the bottom of the pool .
why do i keep seeing these fucking ad from cheetodouche ?
fine today maybe fine 10 years from now but if the big one comes ...
if it 's a load bearing wall throw in an appropriate header above some studs and do a flush beam at the floor plane to redistribute it back to the wall below assuming there is a wall below worst case which op says there is not
mag is how much dmg with tomes ? scrolls magic weapons
spd affects dodge and doubling doubling is decided by having at least 5 higher speed than the other unit
luk slightly affects hit dogde and crit mostly affects crit doge if im right
you need to state who originally obtained the pokémon yourself or someone else . ''
for most but not all i would argue berzerker rage is most useful in the endgame .
on mobile and ca n't be assed to do basic research for you .
driving across the country from phelan california to syracuse new york i stopped in new mexico for gas .
there was a guy with his dog and pregnant girlfriend looking for gas money .
i got to talking to him because his dog was rad and i wanted to pet it and he explained he was coming from silverthorne colorado headed to phelan california but he was originally from syracuse new york .
i lived in silverthorne before i moved to phelan .
i paid for a full tank of gas for them .
said the person that thinks that people are n't allowed to have personal opinions kek
it would probably be exactly the same except every one would wear their pants backwards so that they could stick their tails out their zippers .
poise increasing items scale down with how much poise you already have .
wolf ring isnt going to give you its full modifier if you already have yhorms shield equipped and vice versa .
back in 2011-2012 there were places around gilroy and morgan hill that were 2-3 acres and a house for a quarter-mil have prices come way back up again ?
there 's actually a fair amount of tech around morgan hill but it 's hardware rather than software and if you lived there you 'd never know it unless you knew someone who already works for them .
meek started this he deserves everything he gets from drake .
it is somewhere like the grocery store switch the jeans out for yoga pants and the makeup out for a baseball cap .
ah when i looked at it my mind was playing tricks on me .
kid flash got a bit of a highlight during the kingdom .
if it 's in the video i 'm gon na watch it in a min .
i was wondering what alliance has a lot of people if you know ?
a freestylin freeswimming preamphibian who 's fillin to the brim with fresh rhymes while you count adinida
quick question where did you find your data about men who have complicated circumcisions as adults in such cases like my friend ?
i was trying to do some research of my own but could n't find much on the subject .
hopkins wo n't be there in the third but obj could be your first round pick .
that 's tough but i 'd keep hopkins and hope for a top 3 pick to get obj back .
personally it was corny because he was just copying what nate said the last fight .
when nate said it it had more impact knowing he was just a replacement .
this time when conor said it it was meh '' .
sometimes good parents have to raise their kids in bad circumstances and kids do n't know how to deal with negative emotions so if anything bad is happening for any reason they are likely to be shitheads .
mommy is sick in the hospital so i 'm going to push the neighbors trash can over because it feels good .
i 'm not sure why but it does . ''
dang no tropical beach ca n't complain though other than a missing copy of raikou these lists are great !
if it had a score of 3000-4000 then i 'd say it would bottleneck .
well since espn launched its wwe page they are making some serious headlines .
they 've had about a dozen articles on the espn app news page this week .
the only reason i wouldn´t like this is because this would mean my favorite sc1 unit the firebat will never be represented in hots .
i much prefer the firebat in terms of voice and style similar to how the medic is cooler than the medivac that we have in sc2 .
sc2 while its a great game has certain units that i really don´t prefer over the sc1 equivalents .
for example dragoons stalkers and i mean this in terms of aesthetics not in terms of gameplay .
you need a tv licence if you watch or record live tv on any device .
maybe it 's a dumb question but is there any chance cgms from different brands use at least slightly different glues and there is at least one you can take ?
there 's a voyager episode where they raise shields in response to an impending collision by kes 's ship in season 6 .
i have 18m atm but i dont need money tbh .
5m per trip at shit prices lol you do see mine are stacked in one slot right ?
a stark difference in temperature and the relative humidity can create condensation .
i would most definitely advise against any ac to be hooked up as cooling
does fake performer deserve shot at fake title more than another fake performer ?
at my old job we had a break in overnight .
the building was part medical office part admin for the medical office including storing patient records .
the site manager had his office which had camera recording equipment on the level that was broken into .
turns out that security is only there from 0600-2200 the janitors stayed till around 0200 .
so the janitors have to lock some doors before the leave but this night they forgot '' to .
around 0300 we can see on camera 3 people getting through an emergency exit door that was n't closed all the way the doors were disarmed so managers could get out to their cars easier .
they ran through the patient records destroying the work spaces made off with an old dvr for our older camera systems including the camera that was recording in front of his office a 52 inch tv we used to watch cameras all over the building both computers all the keys to the building other buildings owned by the medical office .
i 'm first on site in the morning for the 0600 shift made a habit of arriving about 20 minutes early to avoid morning traffic .
the building engineer who also arrived early happens across the mess calls me in a panic .
i run down there to find all this stuff missing .
i call the site manager let him know then called 911 .
hours later there 's seattle csi in my managers office dusting for finger prints taking inventory of what went missing .
i reviewed some camera footage but could n't get anything of use beyond a grainy shot of them coming into the building but never out .
as far as i know nothing ever came of the investigation .
it looks great and all its just not my idea of drag .
i chose to get married at 22 then by 30 i was divorced so my parents tread lightly around that subject i most like will not remarry unless my boyfriend really wants to i feel like its just a piece of paper really .
the kids thing was pretty full on for a few years when i was married i 'm the eldest and it was really annoying .
i tell people that i am not maternal and will not ever be having children and now i 'm nearly 33 people have stopped asking .
my lifestyle pretty much shouts 'childfree ' as we sold all our material goods and moved across the world with 2 suitcases ...
davids 9th batch has correct patterns for larger sizes has the 8 'eyes ' and the suede patch ai n't too green and even if it was it could be fixed with baby oil .
it would n't be under 150 roughly 154 with shipping but i suggest you to hold off a bit with the recent david issues that are arising
huh i was trying to find the end time earlier today and the only info i could find was someone saying the psn store said the lootboxes would n't be available after midnight .
now i see blizzard put up an announcement a few hours ago .
it 's nice to have extra time but i really wish they would n't wait 'til the last day to specify the ending time .
your post has been removed because you did not include a correct tag at the beginning of your title .
without this i 'm not able to assign the appropriate flair .
please re-submit your post with one of the following tags in the title .
your post will also be removed if the title is in all caps or if there are less than 2 words in the title not including the tag .
if you 're unsure of what tag to use then question or discussion would probably work for most borderline cases .
release new tweaks that have just been released or submitted
discussion jailbreak related discussions where anyone can give their opinion .
for example favorite/recommended tweaks tweak concepts tweak configurations etc .
request requests for a tweak to be made or updated
note if you wish to use multiple tags please do not split '' your tags like this question/discussion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jailbreak if you have any questions or concerns .
i just caught the last two shows and there is certainly a lot of rasp now compared to 2011 through 2013 .
axl goes back and forth at times going clean in songs like estranged and then complete rasp in songs like jungle nightrain etc .
even his cleaner high voice has a lot more presence and power to it too
yes you get one respec every difficulty for completing den of evil and more can be earned by combining items dropped in hell by bosses like keys/organs
wife making okonomiyaki http okonomiyakiworld.com/best-okonomiyaki-recipe.html for dinner found we did n't have any mayonnaise .
volunteered to go to p s to get some quickly .
wife hands me the shopping list so takes me 40 minutes to get all of it and she was happy to wait .
usually she 'll chew my arm off if i do n't have dinner on the table by 5:30 .
yeah he has another comic planned but right now he wants to take a break from drawing comics for a couple of months .
he said it probably wo n't be complete until the beginning of next year .
frankie 's nursery can ship trees to the mainland but you 'd probably want to ask them if a breadfruit tree will do ok in transit .
unfortunately according to this website short of a large greenhouse with humidity and temperature control it 's probably unlikely you 'll have any luck growing them .
i have no experience with this but there are some businesses in florida that sell tropical fruits and ships them around the mainland .
any chance you could try out those amps or nearest equivalents at a local shop or something ?
something that large should have restrictions where it can and can not go .
i guess it would feel cheap to me if you could land a 160,000 tonne frigate on a planet with high gravity when something that large should have a shuttle .
this submission was automatically removed at u/swadloonnn 's request and a message sent to the moderators .
if you have any questions about this please see the faq r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions or message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/imagesofthe2010s message=https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofthe2010s/comments/4z5a6r/my_fluffy_little_one_snooki_got_her_back_in_2010/d6sz3cv .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/imagesofthe2010s if you have any questions or concerns .
top-level comments must contain a valid server name suggestion in italics surrounded by asterisks e.g .
valid server names consist of 25 or fewer letters numbers and dashes no spaces underscores or other punctuation except dash .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nameaserver if you have any questions or concerns .
the only way we 're ever getting griezmann is if we throw pogba money at atletico .
walked in to go to the bathroom and found a bloody massacre all over the toilet .
pretty sure it was just bloody explosive diarrhea before he could get sat down .
i wish i was one of those people who forgets they have a kief catcher .
thoughts on the catholic translation the new american bible revised edition nabre ?
she had been busy planning her court in hell when she felt the calling of her muridan shadows .
a huge black monolith hovered where once the folly had been .
a monstrous crater lay beneath it and roads wound around it connecting lands that had once been isolated .
then she felt something else ... ripples of energy from many different sources .
she shivered at their desire for power ... the power held by those who had gotten here first ...
she formed in the bed of the crater and surveyed the land .
her ... sources indicated that one of these new gods may know a thing or two about trade .
u/nguyencommalong villial is my herald of envy and hope .
and with a 90 top tax rate our tax revenue as a percentage of our gdp was roughly the same as when our top tax rate was at 30 in the 80 's .
raising taxes does n't guarantee more money like you think it would
unfortunately since your account has less than 10 combined karma u/me and new account spam makes up a significant portion of all spam your post was automatically removed .
however you may still contribute by commenting on existing posts in r/technology !
additionally you may make meaningful contributions to other subreddits subreddits to increase your karma count .
if you believe this is a legitimate submission please message the moderators message/compose ? to=/r/technology subject=request for post review account karma to have them manually review your post or wait a few days and try again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/technology if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm a person who really could n't care less about sexual identity because i do n't have one i guess i like people and that 's enough for me and i do n't understand why people care so much about it .
but for some reason i love this show it made me feel relatable again with females because i do n't generally like females as shown in the media and even if i 'm not like any of the characters the character that i 'd say would be closest to me in terms of personality would be a mix of amethyst and lapis shy quiet and with inferiority issues lol but even still i love all the characters they 're all so precious i also love the little cute ball that is steven and greg is a really awesome and funny character which i love because i 'm also an audio freak .
the only characters i do n't like really are lars and ronaldo .
and i think there 's a reason why the show is this way to show that you do not have to let the gender of a character define your point of view on his/her actions ...
a character being relatable for me has nothing to do with it 's gender but on it 's personality .
thanks god our does n't look anything like that damn o_o
omg have fun with the smog monster and gigan in godzilla .
i had several different looks and configurations for this event .
the blue tires are much lighter than anything else i had and in this configuration i needed to manage the weight intensely .
they were n't there because i wanted them they were there because i needed the weight .
i used to buy them 1/2 us size too big .
now i live in germany so it 's a full german size .
i leave early to get where i need to go and if some procrastinating douche bag wants to ride my ass they are in for an even slower trip .
1x pcie 3.0 x16 slot pci_e2 it supports up to pcie 3.0 x16 speed
1x pcie 2.0 x16 slot pci_e4 it supports up to pcie 2.0 x4 speed
they 'll have a prime opportunity to defeat thordak with no casualties vm and raishan could defeat thordak now for god 's sake .
and instead we 'll get the clasp scene all over again .
i think it 's just that people expect so much more from sturridge though i agree the rating is a bit harsh given that it was ultimately klopp 's decision to play him off the right .
you can give him grief for 2 goals from 2 shots on target but i do n't really think either are saveable .
wheres that one redditor who tampered with a guys post it notes ?
i mean those are some shitty stats but a fucking awesome proc tbh i 'd just keep it so i can remember it and giggle every once in a while
this place went from he 's clearly the best member of the brood we want him as champion '' to he 's a boring wrestler he should n't be champion ''
do n't really wan na know what rooke 's teenage mistakes included if he sees this as normal .
you can get banned when giving your log in data to a third person which is neither you nor niantic .
so i am not sure if you want to risk his account getting banned just for mr. mime .
you took a while to get to my base but are worth it .
sea shepherd loves the ratings but does n't want to deal with any of the consequences .
is awesome even if you have money for a hotel .
i mean how does he post everything so fast ?
these racist arabs want to come to america ... ... ... ..
reading peoples stories about life is pretty fun and does expand your view on life .
i swear both nate or conor could lose a 3 or 5 round fight with all rounds being 10-8 's in the others favor and people would still be coming to their defense with random excuses in shit while i read some of these comments it makes me wish they had just double ko 'd each other .
meanwhile in the american greats you ca n't turn a page without seeing 'nigger . '
it depends on several factors as other users have mentioned but regardless of solution.. get a magnetic notepad on your fridge and a ton of magnets .
i 've only recently started living with my partner but the notepad is to list things you need ex .
add to the list and whoever is going shopping takes it .
we use the magnets to post up the receipts .
or even a 50 as i 'm trying to teach him to embrace the envelope system haha
title-text there are also a lot of global versions of this map showing traffic to english\-language websites which are indistinguishable from maps of the location of internet users who are native english speakers .
stats this comic has been referenced 788 times representing 0.6399 of referenced xkcds .
the barefoot daily sprint between her mud-walled hut and school through the dusty fields was the 11-year-old girl 's first date with freedom .
we knew it was going to be tough '' he said but we had hoped for a medal . ''
she would run run and run '' her uncle ganesh babar recalled .
before and after class every day we 'd exercise here on this ground kho-kho running and all such games that need no money '' chavan recalled .
it was ganesh babar who backed lalita encouraged her to run and convinced her parents not to marry her off early '' kale said .
pick bastion on attack place winston shield bastion installed on the gate reinhard defend the bastion everybody at the gate dead
not sure if it is going ot work every single time but if u are 3 premades it works almost every time .
probably did too much the one time and freaked out .
we once had to evacuate the office because of a broken toaster in the restaurant .
but then it would n't be the kardashian-esque show they want for the diversity of the network it would be just like wwe 24 swerved or the edge and christian show .
yeah that 's what i was thinking i doubt people will want to dedicate 2 slots in a team for an extremely unlikely chance that alola riachu is going to sweeper material .
especially when both of those pokémon are easily countered .
i 've jerked off heaps of times at work .
they ca n't even do that at least not on our forums .
we broke all the affected user passwords so they can not be used until they 're reset .
i ca n't imagine that a dinner jacket will ever be wrong for a year 12 prom .
either its common to wear one and you will fit in or you 'll look sharper than everyone else .
regarding fit it looks good around the shoulders and the chest but you 're getting some kind of wrinkling around the button that i do n't know the cause of .
the sleeves of the shirt should be longer than the sleeves of the jacket so that they kind of poke out .
the cuff of the shirt should reach the edge of the hand and the jacket sleeve should be a cm or so shorter than that .
my own personal opinion about the shirt is that the collar is not appropriate .
if you 're going to have a 'normal ' turn down collar like this one then it needs to be very cut away to give room for the bow tie .
possibly rookie trout prime longoria those are the ones who come to mind
but from klopps point of view he has the squad he needs and he obviously believes in himself enough to carry out the task at hand with the players at his disposal .
klopp wants milner and fucking moreno as his options at lb ?
if he wants to lose points so bad then he can go ahead
why you just dont open your own pt for non-meta ppl ?
there was no dink '' in 1.6 and source so it was gushed '' the term back then
edit there was a clank '' sound before but it was at a way lower volume compared to go .
cant wait to about you when they found your body in a ditch somewhere yo good luck .
they were fan accounts that saw jin among the idols
at least he will get something for nothung fair exchange
wait does n't everyone have one or two chapters of a novel that they started at some point and then stopped because life ?
valve is a privately owned company free speech is something legally enforced in the government but companies have their own guidelines so valve could easily ban them .
same as on reddit people always claim free speech on here while this is a privately owned company which can restrict anything they like and be legally allowed to do so .
and more importantly steam is a gaming platform not another platform to further your agenda and recruit young gullible children .
thank you for bringing up placebo i was wracking my brain teyingnto figure out the 90s/00s band of which this song reminded me ! !
3rd party apps are against the terms of service .
if you logged into a tracker website or used an app on the same device it could very well be why you got banned and it is against the rules .
sometimes it 's about learning to love you guitar .
i 'm just frustrated nothing meets my requirements even though i do have high standards
in lubbock i would kill to have a poliwag nest
he repeatedly hammered him with hard elbows and then went for a sloppy submission when he gassed .
you got to watch it on an ee sim device fyi
the dns host would have all the same data they would have if you were n't using a vpn .
the error was while trying to re flash mm apparently theres a lock or something that doesnt allow downgrading but i found out that i also needed to use a pit file on odin which was why the error kept occuring .
heh i just ran into the first one of those things same genus maybe this morning .
also pretty gentle contrary to what in my experience also has been the most-likely-to bite spider/crab category .
maybe the height from the legs give them a better vantage point to see the world and they 're less cranky as a result .
pcpartpicker part list http pcpartpicker.com/list/mg3fps price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/list/mg3fps/by_merchant
ok you win i ca n't think anything useful from that information .
ja używam zamieszkania jako adresu do korespondencji o ile nie ma takiej rubryki meldunek miałem jeden ale miejsca pobytu zmieniałem dość często jak byłem młodszy .
to facilitate easy and secure trading users are required to set their flair before posting outside of the daily discussion thread info posts or mod posts .
since your flair is not set this comment has been removed .
you may set your flair by clicking here https hq.porygon.co flairtext and adding the appropriate information .
once you have set your flair and read through our rules r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules please repost your comment .
if things seem confusing we also have a quick start r/pokemontrades/wiki/quickstart guide intended to give a step-by-step process for new users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemontrades if you have any questions or concerns .
wii u for smash and mario kart when friends come round ps3 which is now only used as a blu-ray player .
will probably get a ps4 slim for uncharted ffxv and persona 5 as well as a few other things .
the same way you 're talking to someone that is n't reading this thread .
you wrote it like they were reading it i 'm just going off that .
please do carry on like you know better than this person does about their own experiences though .
explain to her that the second read-through is always much more satisfying than the first as all the little jokes that foreshadow future jokes become apparent .
she needs to power through the series so she can begin her second run .
there is no longer a possible smooth transition with the uk using its influence to ensure scotland gets immediately placed into the eu with a schengen like agreement with the uk .
your daily tips have been helping me so much with learning the game !
i am doing a couple dod runs which are great .
trying wwd on huntress now is there any reason whatsoever not to go warden ?
and it is actually more fun because it is more challenging .
more items but less control over upgrades is kinda nice .
you defended your wife and you realize that your mother 's behavior is both repetitive and horrendous .
nvidia love giving things slightly misleading names this generation x
i did ... still there seem to be a lot of misiformation in your post when reading the comments ... in my case it might be not that bad cause the knife is cheap but still !
please check out the videos in my edit if you have the time !
i am against both i just see them as movements where people want to get rid of the hardships dealt to them by the sex they were born in and wanting to make everyone equal .
would it be possible to calculate collisions ai behavior and mass interaction not on just one client but multiple clients ?
so lets say in every tick one client calculates additional stuff for one or two other random clients and only reports to the server if such an event occured and then the server checks if the collision etc .
a completely naive server is still not wise because there are some cornercases like lone players or a team of cheaters but in the spirit of reducing server load i believe it might have huge potential .
maybe you just swap the problem from the server load side to the networking/synchronization side and if you already have a complex game mechanic you just add a crap ton of complexety on top of that .
you cant trust one client because he might be faulty but its more likely that you can trust all the clients .
i really want to know if such an approach had been done and how good it worked .
i could actually see really good uses for most of this .
i 'm quite unsure whether to take this seriously or not
it might even be the largest model of the solar system in the entire universe .
generalising an entire country and an an entire race of people within it is called racism .
for instance 2012 chinese swimmer wins must be doping ! ! !
while british cyclist misses 3 drug tests it 's just an honest mistake .
om man ska vara konsekvent så kan man inte slå sig för bröstet och ta in advokater för att utreda tidningen och efteråt skriva en artikel som denna .
i personally would advise 4 olyvia and 2-3 lauris depending on your current hand state your board and what opponent drive checked .
tends to be the multi attack turn when spica is involved
ends up being the most expensive cost wise when multiple use of spica is involved .
relatively weak to defensive triggers compared to lauris turn .
usually a better opener gb2 stride as it always forces out g guardians and pg
you do n't feel bad about it happening since you are softening their hand by forcing multiple interval of shields to guard with
more favored if opponent has a lot of 10k triggers in hand .
good for pushing when opponent has large amounts of 5k shields but little 10k or heal .
3×5k and a vg crit for a single counterblast is no joke especially if you can full field pg vg 15k and 20k guard rg without triggers
when appropriate it is a lot harder to guard a 41k 2 crit vg than a 26k 2 crit vg
does n't need a full field it can be just a vg column or one aditional rg column as long as have harmony so minimal 1 other rg olyvia must have at least 3
conservative christians just annoy like who 's going to believe in some shit some guys wrote while they were drunk 2000 years ago .
the way you do your landscape feels almost like its part of a studio ghibli film slightly cartoony but very detailed and realistic at the same time .
apparently the us doctor that wrote the article disagrees with you .
i get that her style of humour does n't gel with some people and that 's fine but she 's awesome .
i suggest watching some on her stuff on her personal channel .
i ca n't remember the name of it but it has penguin in the name
this is why reddit shouldnt be bughunting at least you didnt call it gamebreaking
i was just thinking with all the requests for realistic headgear etc what if they made headgears actually give you an in game ability .
for example a glaz headgear that adds a small increase to his scope or a headgear that allows you to take 1 headshot .
heck why not add a headgear with lights on the side that could be auto adjusted based on light but would give away your position in dark rooms .
these could also be tied in with all the realistic headgears that people have been requesting .
this guy is either trolling really well or some sort of fanboy .
he seems well-read but maybe he just drew all the wrong conclusions .
theres another thread on the front page about bitfury having just come up with a way to de-anonymise bitcoin that has been mixed .
in a way this is good since it will have to force people working on the fungibility issue to work harder on solutions .
which character 's passing was the most satisfying for you ?
for me it has to be in akame ga kill s that little rich girl aria who was torturing tatsumi 's 2 friends .
never in my life have i been happier to witness someone 's death .
also the fact that tatsumi cut her down without hesitation was pretty badass ''
i know that the actual drivers are n't really going to be changing but it would be nice to be able to stay current on the radeon control panel updates and bug fixes .
plus i 'd really like a bug fix to the software version check that keeps telling me there 's a new version on every boot when there is n't .
so i sometimes play multiplayer with friends and i 'm the default host since i have a good connection and systematically one of my friends ca n't play and me neither until he disconnects anrd then reconnects next turn hten the game proceeds normally .
we triend changing hosts but then another player gets the bug .
do you have any idea on how to correct that ?
can i attack with either extreme battlerr arbarail or cool hank first then with my vanguard for example a meteorkaiser victor restand my rearguard s and finally attack with them using their on-attack effects ?
... would n't know a breast from a football because he never touched either of them . ''
what is the jobs market like for me ee cheme and ce in england and the uk in general is there a saturation of engineers or a shortage ?
why is pay so low compared to the us ?
i 'm in the very early stages of developing an rpg based on late-republic rome .
i 'm an amateur with a strong interest but certainly no historian .
i 'm trying to learn latin on my own and it 's been fun but i 'm not really strong competent or even sub-literate quite yet .
so i 'd like to request the community 's help with some basic translations .
i 've done my best but as i may have mentioned earlier my latin sucks .
i 've done my best here but would appreciate any tips or suggestions .
constitution measure of overall physical health and ability to withstand illness/damage .
intelligence ability to learn general mental acuity i 've translated as mens '' but think maybe i should use mentem '' ?
wisdom knowledge gained through experience ability to recognize truth .
persuasion the ability to persuade others lie/tell the truth convincingly .
i started playing 2b2t around april this year and i played for 2 1/2 months before quitting due to the rusher invasion .
b there was prot 3 diamond armor in the chest
saw a post of a match and wanted to watch it .
when i search for it gave the end screen straight away kinda ruined the match since i already know who happened .
i think its better if this is changed kinda obvious why..
whilst i understand how a graphing cal would trump an abacus in a lab i simply don t understand the need for a 100 dollar calculator it ca n't be because of the harddrive a solid pc could definitely run anything the calculator can and much more .
questo libro è entrato in latrina come il più votato del 2008
scopri tutti i segreti per essere peggio di un avvoltoio ai rinfreschi con questa guida !
e così finalmente avete deciso di andare a un rinfresco e mangiare a sbafo .
solo che vi siete resi conto che questa attività non è tanto facile come sembra .
eh già infatti depredare i rinfreschi è un**'arte cari miei .
prima di addentrarci nelle numerose tecniche facciamo un piccolo briefing su quali sono i motivi per cui lo si fa e i rischi a cui il predatore va incontro
dopo numerose ricerche si è scoperto che i motivi sono
is the warming up problem still present in the game ?
i would like to start playing again but not with that still present in the game .
a thing to note i 'll admit my pics are n't the greatest will work on those soon .
edit right having access to the profile would help .
an ice-encased rena sits perched over a valley of snow and glacier .
it has n't been opened in at least a week and has been sitting under an oppressive snowy sky for much longer than that the thing barely looks like it 's got any power in it .
the space man 's ship slowly eeks it 's way beside it and settles onto the icy surface
i 'm looking for a small office to put a few computers and to work out of a couple days a week .
the closer to the west of the san fernando valley the better .
i 'm writing an essay where i 'm quoting a vast range of sources .
i can only say this author analyzes/looks at/investigates/criticizes/explores ... '' so many times and i 'm lacking in creativity at the moment .
the thesaurus is helpful obviously but i seem to remember coming across an exhaustive list at some point of things to choose from does anyone have one that 's their go to ?
i might be missing by waiting for the entire game to come out rather than playing on its current structure .
i probably ca n't be convinced to forgo the physical copy but reading up on it has really got me itching to play this game .
i 'm also kind of afraid if the community contracts etc .
tl dr what am i missing out on by waiting for the full physical game vs playing episodically right now ?
recently in the last month i have started playing i have had several people give me cards as they are quitting the game .
some say it takes up too much time others say the game has declined a lot in the recent months .
i am just wondering i am quite new and think the game is great fun .
you haul and load..free refrigerator nice but is n't working..you can have it for metal or just take to repair .
meteorologists are making some close comparisons to the formation of the storm off the bahamas turning left churning in the gulf and head north .
then again we are a week out and fuck all if we just get some showers .
it looks so bad compared to the rest of the game .
currently some protestors by the library tonight any idea what they 're yelling about ?
i went to im west all last year and was n't impressed .
it 's not clean nor does it hold up to standards of other schools .
has anyone gone to powerhouse after using im west in the past and is it worth it ?
i like the sager 's ability to switch to integrated gpu in order to save battery but the asus has a better battery life overall and is a little bit lighter also looks way cooler .
the price is gon na be about 2000 for me with either model after customization so i really need some advice to help push me to one side of the fence or the other .
i 'm purchasing a 2011 honda accord ex v6 off craigslist .
what do i need to know so i do n't end up in trouble with dmv ?
so my wife recently started a new job as a special education teacher .
she 's been in the field for quite some time now her last position she worked for 5 years or so .
a pretty nice increase but for someone with her experience and qualifications she 's been dreaming of landing a more lucrative higher-responsibility gig forever .
long story short she applied for a coordinator '' position earlier this year .
the position in question pays over 100,000 annually meaning a huge bump in pay for us .
she 's definitely qualified and i know she 'd be a rockstar at the job .
they reached out a few weeks ago saying they were very interested in her and wanted her to interview .
here 's the problem she just started this new gig a few weeks ago as a teacher in her current district .
she has 10 kids parents and other teachers who rely on her .
they wo n't be able to easily find a replacement and her leaving would mean leaving kids and faculty high-and-dry .
we feel that her leaving now would be a bridge-burner and a bit morally wrong .
however we both feel that this is a huge opportunity to set the pace for the rest of her career and is worth it to be selfish this time .
but.. we keep going back to the morality issue and teetering on the fence which is why i wanted to reach out to reddit for some opinions .
in our situation should she politely turn down the offer and continue working with her current students or potentially burn some bridges jump ship and take on her dream job making double her current salary ?
this is the first fit i have put together with this ship and would love some feedback on ways to improve it and why it sucks .
something i ca n't figure out and i 'm sure it 's because i 'm 'older ' 37 and from the old mentality that you should n't turn the motor on and off because it wears it out due to oil and lubricants being in the oil pan and not the motor and also uses more fuel than just leaving it running .
have they come around to a new way of starting the engine so that it does n't wear it down and use excessive fuel ?
in one small trip in the car the motor probably starts and stops 10 times maybe more .
i am looking into buying a one owner 2006 toyota corolla from a honda dealer .
dealer says it is 2007 according to vin and has no idea why carfax says 2006 .
is this possible and should i ask price reduction according to kbb values for 2006 ?
as per carfax registration was updated and new keys cut in quick succession .
unlike many other games you may actually meet the people you play against .
it 's in everyone 's best interest to keep things courteous and fun for all .
never defame abuse harass harm stalk threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights including the rights of privacy and publicity of others .
violations can result in the loss of your account .
if other players are being aggressive offensive overly protective of a pokéstop or gym or are trolling you please remove yourself from the situation do n't engage and report to us .
players are identified in the game by nicknames they select .
in addition to making smart choices about how you choose to reveal your own identity for example do not use your real name as your nickname and avoid posting your nickname in connection with your real name do n't post repost or reveal other information about another user 's identity including their name phone number email address or physical address even if a player discloses that info first .
do n't reveal such information about bystanders or anyone else either .
also do n't take photos or videos of other players unless you have their permission .
violations can result in the loss of your account .
we will enforce the terms of use as well as these guidelines .
we will review reported or flagged player accounts and content and will determine whether or not they violate the terms of use and/or these guidelines .
accounts are penalized for violations of the terms of use and/or the trainer guidelines—we may issue a warning suspend you from the game or for serious or repeated violations terminate your account .
false reports and witchhunting are just as bad as someone spoofing .
i 'm debating replacing giratina with an anti xerneas darkrai .
i play it with groudon lead then go offensive .
decent win rate but not the best thanks for your time .
i know some people who might think it is expensive for a couple hours but i honestly think its worth it .
i still ca n't believe what i just got to live through .
to join add your gamertag to the game lobby here https www.the100.io/quick_join/gl8wy2l1h9e https www.the100.io/quick_join/gl8wy2l1h9e
if there 's already a full team on that lobby page that means it 's filled thanks !
i 've been having this problem for a while now every time i start the game i get an error message network play disabled '' ca n't login either .
sad because sharing and downloading creations was a big part of the game for me .
i bought the amd radeon 7700 about 3/4 years ago .
since then i 've considered getting the new gtx 1060 .
i 'm worried my i7 2600 will be a bottleneck and i 'm put off having to get a new processor too as the motherboard http h20564.www2.hp.com/hpsc/doc/public/display ? doclocale=en_us docid=emr_na-c02668523 does n't support anything past the 2xxx range on anything i3 to i7 .
a piece of plastic from the feed mechanism broke on the side .
or should i just go straight to an rma ?
so in the latest update we saw the face of god which has many many eyes and scarf-like tentacle hands..
who else have we seen with special eyes and scarves ?
could it be possible that those who have marks under their eyes are chosen ones of this god ?
we 've seen red blue and purple eye marks so far .
just an observation of sorts i do n't know if this really counts as much of a theory..
side note omg i cant believe god is a mom
i really want the update and i have n't gotten an ota yet but i 'm hesitant to join the beta program .
can someone please answer the following questions for me .
will using android beta program to update to 7.0 prevent future ota updates ?
are there any drawbacks of joining the beta program ?
if i do n't join the beta program when can i expect the ota ?
p.s my phone is not rooted everything is default .
i am thinking of buying a msi gtx 970 for my gpu but i want to have an idea of how long it will last me .
i want to be able to max out current and upcoming games at 1080p 60fps but i am willing to play these games at medium to high settings if need be .
i want to be able to do this for the next 2 years until i upgrade .
will i be able to achieve this with the 970 ?
or is there a better card i should purchase ?
i do n't want to spend anything over 400 .
i have some games on my og 360 account but the account got messed up i made a new account and some of those games can be played on the one but i cant download them because they were purchased on a different account to the one im using now is there any way to fix this ?
i am here today looking for someone to help get me into the bdsm community and also into the dom/sub community as a whole .
now i am not massively experienced in bdsm i have seen it in porn and read a lot about it online .
however i have never tried it out or had a dom/sub relationship .
what i do know is that i am dominate maybe with a hint of switch from time to time .
my kinks/interests are kinda strange and growing most these i have never experienced but i want to try .
i like anal i have always wanted to try it and maybe even let a girl fuck me ?
i like when girl masturbate/mutual masturbation i think it 's pretty cute .
obviously i also want to explore bdsm and a submissive girl not sure how far i 'd go into it but it is something i want to try i love the closeness and trust in the relationship .
at the moment i like the idea of light bondage with ropes or other restraints and also orgasm denial i also would like to try some whipping and pain nothing extreme but just enough to get the point across .
there is lots i like about bdsm and want learn more about .
when it comes to the dom/sub part i am flexible to try different relationships .
as i have not found what i like yet i am open to trying what you like and building on that .
personally i like the idea of a dd/lg relationship as i said i find them really cute and interested and i think most guys like being called daddy again i am open to explore and try things .
my name is elliot i am an english dude that now lives in australia i have lived here for about 5 years now .
i am 21 years old average height and build nothing spectacular but people have told me i am pretty cute ?
i am pretty chill guy and a good friend to people i am always around when people need me and i am always willing to help whenever i can .
currently i am working pretty much full time in retail now i know what people may think but i actually enjoy it .
there are times where my job sucks but mainly i enjoy helping people and i really like the people i work with .
it surprised me but i really do enjoy my job and i do n't think i could do anything else .
i am pretty nerdy and i enjoy star trek and star wars i enjoy gaming a lot and spend a lot of time watching youtube because i am just that exciting .
i like to give out advice and support people when i can so if you are going though a rough time or just need someone to talk to then i am here .
i 've been through some rough times myself so i know what it 's like i will do my best to help people out so that they are not on their own .
i am not picky personality is the most important thing to me if we get along then everything else will be fine .
age is n't too much of a concern either i prefer no older than 26/27 and obviously older than 18 but like i said i am not concerned that majorly as long as we get along well together bonus points if you are asian i think asians are really cute and i 'd love to get to know some i 've got tons of questions about asian culture and lifestyle as well
if we get on really well and we continue talking and you live in australia i am up for meeting people and developing our friendship .
but like i said this will take time and effort from the both of us
sorry if this post was long i wanted to make a few things known thanks for reading it all and hopefully someone enjoyed it .
look at my other posts if you want to know more about me i have posted other details in the past .
here 's an email that was sent out by the cherry creek school district superintendent regarding school funding and marijuana taxes for anyone who was n't aware .
it basically only helps rural area schools and does nothing for the denver area schools .
there 's no easy fix for the shortcomings in colorado 's school financing system .
since 2009 the state legislature has taken liberties with the school funding formula mandated by the voter-approved amendment 23 using the so-called negative factor to cut funding every year .
the legislature has relied on circuitous reasoning and intricate formulas to withhold crucial money from school districts across the state .
we 've felt the impact of those cuts in the cherry creek school district .
we 've been underfunded by about 50 million annually .
since 2012 380 million has been withheld from cherry creek .
we 're facing a shortfall of more than 20 million for the 2017-2018 school year .
these cuts have the potential to impact every facet of district operations from recruiting new teachers to maintaining a reasonable class size .
it 's a crisis that 's tied to our fundamental priorities as coloradans one that wo n't find an easy remedy from the state 's nascent marijuana industry .
people keep asking me ‘where 's the pot money ? '
the short answer is that the cherry creek school district has n't received any .
the longer answer is about how the money actually is allocated .
the lead-up to the legalization of marijuana in 2012 brought plenty of rhetoric regarding the positive impact on public schools in colorado .
voters were told that taxes on legal marijuana would prove to be a windfall for cash-strapped school districts millions of dollars ' worth of education cuts from the state would be offset by new income from a new vice tax .
in the fiscal year 2014-15 for example taxes from the sale of recreational marijuana in colorado totaled 77.9 million 66.1 million of which came from special sales and excise taxes .
for context the state 's general fund is about 9.7 billion and the total state budget is 26 billion .
by state law the first 40 million of the excise taxes from marijuana sales went toward capital improvements for poor and rural school districts and the remainder went toward marijuana education treatment and regulation and enforcement programs across the state .
the cherry creek school district saw none of that money nor did most of the other large school districts in the denver metro area .
similarly the building excellent schools today best grants allotted for the 2016-17 year by the state board of education will have no impact on cherry creek schools .
funding for projects in aurora public schools adams 14 and westminster all carry the contingent of matching funds from the school districts and the vast majority of the 31 awarded grants will go to rural districts far outside of the metro area .
but to be eligible for the grants those school districts must pass a local bond issue first or already have matching capital funds available .
so far the only thing that the legalization of marijuana has brought to our schools has been marijuana .
taxes on alcohol and tobacco have n't fixed the state 's quandary when it comes to funding public education nor have revenues from lotteries or casinos .
the reality is that any fix will have to come from a much more complex and overarching effort .
to offer our students the resources they need to learn we need a much more profound change at the state level one that comes down to real and lasting change .
it comes down to spelling out our collective priorities as coloradans to urging our elected representatives to do the hard work and make sure that students in colorado receive the funding spelled out by a voter-approved constitutional amendment .
that effort is much more complex than any easy fixes offered by legal marijuana .
1x magicka 2 sneak peek gift restricted to what appears to be latin america
i 'm completely new to this so i apologize in advance .
as a paladin i have the find steed spell and i had a thought .
do other players/npc type players know that the horse is magical and can disappear if i told it too ?
i was thinking i could try and sell it for gold and then just wait and then poof it is gone the next day .
what i am looking for is very specific and i was wondering if any of you can help me out .
i 'm looking for a camera but it needs to be very specific .
this is where it can be a little difficult .
at this point i bet a lot of you are ready to recommend the blackmagic pocket cine .
camera it must look like a pro cinema camera .
something that will not get you laughed at when you walk into a semi-pro shoot .
now please i understand this is will be a hard find so please do n't comment it does n't exist '' or something like that .
or are there any other good information books about rabbits i should know about ?
i have seen that oem is cheaper and have been told by some to get oem and by some to get full .
what are the perks of each what one should i really get for my pc ?
so right now both skins are on the pbe ready for getting tested .
while i can understand the fact that the old '' one needs something good so people wom't suffer from it .
i really hate the fact that the regular riven skin has the green particle effects when she q 's .
like i can understand that people want something for their buy which they made years ago and they thought it would n't come back .
but so many people could n't even buy it because they started league after that skin .
and imho i would n't even care if they get 975 rp back the crown the border .
because for example i as a riven main want all skins and now i still wo n't have it because the particle are wrong too .
it sounds a bit angry but i actually i do n't want to cry or something even though it sounds a bit like that .
i would like to know if someone knows more about it ?
rainbow poop is pretty useless when you are on only soul hearts .
it would seem like it 'd make sense if rainbow poops gave 3 soul hearts like isaac beds do .
does anyone know if there 's a reason the poops are as they are now ?
the rainbow poop has been in the game longer than bedrooms right ?
adding soul hearts would 've been a later idea then i do n't know .
just something i was thinking about in a run getting rainbow poop after abaddon .
i always knew that the kidnapper killed himself in order to prevent being questioned for fear of exposing deeper truths .
seems evidence has been creeping out about an accomplice .
and a decent cop was killed in order to prevent him from going public with what he had been learning ... .
captain appsro arrives at wh flying a peace banner 19 lc in tow .
i am here on behalf of lord harlem dustin to speak to your commander . ''
m edit this is for 3 hours time i 'm just going to sleep soon .
throwaway been with my partner since we were teenagers .
lived together for 10 years moved to the nearest big city together .
had an unplanned child three years ago who we both love and in terms of time of life was the perfect time to do so .
not married both products of divorced parents several times over .
i work long hours partner is a childminder and looks after daughter full time .
i see my daughter every morning do n't see bedtimes and we do family things at the weekend .
my partner adheres to a 'gentle parenting ' regime where a child is never wrong but the behavior is wrong .
i was an unbridled little shit as a child and can see myself in our daughter and think the best way to handle her behaviors is to challenge her directly then ignore the tantrum and wait for her to come back to me .
the best comparison i can think of is horse whispering .
in view of our differing parenting styles every family day out ends up in an argument either i tell our daughter off for something my partner thinks is unjustified giving our child mixed messages and getting me in a hump or i just leave my partner to get on with the parenting as i would only otherwise do it wrong and then i get it in the neck that i 'm not joining in .
last weekend she had a bachelorette weekend to go to and i had our daughter for all of saturday and sunday .
this is the first prolonged time away from mommy our daughter had had we had the best time !
from my daughter 's perspective it was n't really different to most weekends we did fun stuff went to the fire station amusement parks she got ice cream just mommy was n't there .
she was not really worried that mommy was n't around but obvs ecstatic when mommy came back .
from my perspective the fact that i was not constantly judged was such a release i did things right and i did things wrong but i dealt with all situations and our daughter had a nice time the only difference was that when i did things wrong there was no mommy there to point this out to me
as we got the subway back home on sunday so that our daughter could be home for 6 to meet mommy the parallels between the sitaution and that which i grew up in in terms of my divorced folks hit home as soon as i got in the front door i had no involvement in our daughter from then on just like when my dad dropped me off on sunday evening when i stayed with him on weekends .
this weekend we are both together but honestly i would prefer to take our daughter out on my own and not have mommy around .
i 'm worried this feeling sets the stall for how i would feel in the future and accordingly is it best to separate and look after out daughter independently .
as a couple we do n't dislike each other but we have nothing in common .
she keeps the house tidy and i pay for it .
we both want to be there for our daughter her 24/7 and me when work allows like weekends .
my parents split when i was 5 but hated eachother for several years prior to this which was noticeable at my early age .
i do n't want our daughter growing up in that environment .
mommy and i do n't hate each other but we are living separate lives and only come together to look after our daughter .
question for those who have split with their partners but both have a hand in childcare does the writing seem to be on the wall that a split is inevitable thus best to do so on cordial terms ?
alternatively for those still coupled who felt the same when the child was 3 ?
did you feel blocked out at this time but things melded together later on ?
tldr last weekend had the best weekend with my 3yo daughter when mommy was n't around .
got me thinking perhaps its for the best if we look after daughter separately .
is this just temporary thoughts or is split inevitable ?
right now i 'm grinding out the p47-n and the p38-lo .
the early modules in the p38 cost 1,000 to 3000 more rp than the p47 and to get the first qualification the cost in sl on the p47 is just 190k while the p38 is 310k
i was doing a normal routine and usually ending it with 10-15 min rowing machine .
today i tried a rpt routine and at the end i kinda didnt feel the need to do cardio since i was pretty sweaty and exhausted as if i had done cardio .
do you guys recommend it after the workout or do you do cardio on a separate day ?
it wo n't let me put my order through for the comforter sj and i tried multiple times .
though they 're happy to charge my card without an order ...
if anyone sees it up tomorrow or gets an extra please let me know !
edit 12 hours later and somehow it 's still available ?
i believe there was a post earlier about this but i have been practising this for last 4 years .
i am a consultant so my job is project based .
i have to search for a new job almost every year thats the nature of consulting p .
during my job hunt i tend to upload my cv on jobsites even if nothing has changed twice a week wednesday evening and sunday evening .
i have got successful results as compared to uploading the cv once in a week or just uploading once .
money matched mang0s mario with shiek for 100 and 3-0d him .
i do n't mean having a full stack of heroes or something silly like that but having lots of heroes in a stack ?
i have noticed that a hero is totally useless in low level but once they get to around level 9 or 10 they start to become useful .
also if you put the right gear on a hero like empire captain he becomes a beast .
currently i play large unit size one step below ultra .
but the question is can a hero be as good as a good single unit ?
can a hero like level 10 empire captain for example take on a unit of chaos chosen by himself ?
is your army less effective with lots of heroes ?
i just won a really interesting battle against ai .
i had 4 hellstorm rocket battery and a bunch of hand gunners .
when ai approaches i send 2 of my 2 flying empire captains and karl franz in .
they get surrounded by a blob of enemy infantry .
but this allows my rocket battery and hand gunners to keep firing .
by the time when two captains routed and franz down to half health just about all ai units are down to half health while the rest of my troops are not even damaged .
currently around turn 100 i have more warrior priests than what to do with them .
i have the temple of ulric which allows me to produce level 12 warrior monks and witch hunters with the technology researched .
i am thinking about having two in a stack one developed for yellow path and one for blue path .
their spells like hammar of sigmar and soul fire are very good .
the warrior priest in blue path can develop the ability of enemy leadership debuff .
but if i have a lord 2 warrior priests 1 mage and 1 captain in an army does that weaken my army too much ?
also a witchhunter in an army is very good but one requires a lot of baby sitting .
a witchhunter can get 50 kills in a battle easily but need micro to maneuver to have good line of sight but also dead in no time if get charged by a cavalry or get surrounded in melee .
i am guessing a stack having 5-6 heroes can work but the heroes need to be high level and have the right gear .
basically what title says everything was fine until i patched to 6.17
i go to play a game on eune and after picks i get the firewall message.they remake i take leave then test on several customs.still unable to join them .
i swap to euw it patches again 400mb which is weird because this never happens on other patches and i can join a game with no problem
i swap back to eune and it patched 400mb again and ca n't join a game .
during my freshman year i do n't remember anyone hooking up in the dorms there were some couples but not everyone was having sex and for what i know most of my former floor mates are still virgins .
is it because i go to a high-ranking university and not a state ?
what 's up wednesdays are when we calibrate our sobriety check in see how our sd buds are doing and support each other .
share your struggles triumphs and general chat-type contemplations with us below !
struggle having a mild week nothing really big going on for me right now .
i still need to book a flight for a trip coming up and i 've been procrastinating on that which is dumb .
i 'm going to have it booked this week and be done with it .
lately i 've been enjoying a nice cheese and cracker spread with maybe some sort of meat or garnish .
i like checking out some new flavors in cheeses and pairing those with different meats/veggies and crackers .
to care or not to care in something where my individual opinion or action makes no practical difference as a whole .
tsv i would love to help anyone who needs it !
available times almost always minus a sliver of 8 hours for sleep .
default hatching area battle resort if you prefer something different specify
is anyone else angry with the fact that many of the vip legendary dinosaurs are stupidly powerful for their level ?
i just battled some legendary vip carnivore level 4 with an attack around 250 and health over 1200 ... how is this fair ? ? ?
i understand its a way to get people to spend more money but it kind of fucks everyone else over who does n't want to shell out the monthly payments .
i 've noticed that most of the vip dino 's are significantly better per level than the many regular ones .
melt value what you get if you decide to exchange your
upgrade value this is the value you upgrade from if you
all ships are upgraded from either drake dragonfly lti or
which browser and which version support screenshot uploading when submitting tickets ?
click on tyrion he says so weak '' and he coughs
so i 'm guessing the voice interact has been changed for legion quests so maybe tyrion is not dead after all ?
just gon na leave this here hope to laugh when i wake up .
in spite of all of the gorilla news i found this gem
this option was added in the latest major console update .
i turned it on assuming it would work similarly to the window store auto update .
windows store does an auto update a minute after login but i 've tried leaving the console on for half an hour and it never updated anything automatically .
so does this option actually work or does it only work on games/apps that were build on uwp ?
as you guys already know we have our own tierlist for mega-pokemon .
i want to take a look at unusual pokemon that might pay off very well .
due to us re arranging the tiers some uncommon pokemon could be a lot better than the common popular choices .
most of these pokemon should not be what you are planning your entire draft around but they can give you great power for a low price .
keep in mind that mega-pokemon are going to be stronger than the regular pokemon in the same tier .
this is because everyone can only pick 1 mega so they are tiered in relation to each other .
this is why picking up the mega-version is actually cheaper than the base form .
i believe that the main reason you should draft these is that they give you a tier 1 base pokemon for the price of a tier 3 pokemon .
the drawback is not having a real mega although you do have the option to use their mega-forms .
garchomp can benefit from sand setters to make it an additional viable choice .
problematic is that both tyranitar and hippowdon are in tier 1 and share quite a few weaknesses with garchomp .
houndoom brings some serious firepower without much of a cost .
veterans will know that it is important to draft a strong fire attacker and houndoom delivers not only that but also a strong secondary stab in dark .
it also gives you the option to use sucker punch even though its special attack is where it stands out the most .
on top of that it can be a powerful addition to a f/w/g core .
i do not believe that hard weather teams are strong in draft but having it as a secondary option can be quite potent .
as teammates i would suggest pokemon like heliolisk wich function well outside of weather but can be enhanced by it .
heliolisk also has the bonus of being immne to water attacks with dry skin wich houndoom appreciates a lot .
there are several grass types tat can benfit from the sun without relying on it and are building blocks for a core .
ninetales is worth a look since it is the best sun setter in the game
but it shares a bunch of weaknesses and is in my opinion one of the weaker tier 3 pokemon overall .
conclusion great value pick wich can be further enhanced by weather .
pidgeot is a very straight forward pokemon wich is great for its tier .
it has the best hurricane in the game is a fast u-turn user and can even function as a defogger .
its downside is the small usable movepool but it has a few interesting niche moves like mirror move or perfect accuracy hyper beam .
glalie brings a lot of power for a low price and a surpisingly big amount of utility and overall draft league bonuses .
ice is a great offensive typing and glalie will deliver the strongest ice attacks in the game .
due to its ability you can use ice bodyslam/return/facade/double-edge/explosion .
it can also use ice shard for priority and has good coverage moves like earthquake and dark pulse .
another major plus is its ability to run both physical and special offense to throw off opposing walls .
utility moves it can make good use of include disable/superfang/spikes/switcheroo/taunt .
camerupt is a bit like a mix between landorus-i and heatran with worse stats and awful speed .
it can be a semi bulky rock setter it can be just a very strong attacker with good typing but it will really shine if you manage to get a trick room set up .
because suddenly it turns into a god-tier pokemon for 5 turns .
ever tried to switch into a sheer force fire blast/earth power/ancient power ?
you can also surprise your opponents with a rock polish set but its horrendous speed makes it a bit hard to pull off .
another option could be a curse/rest/sleep talk set wich could work as a potent win condition .
it wont be your star pokemon but its low cost is worth a few looks .
abomasnow is somewhat similiar to camerupt but has the advantage of stab priority in ice shard put as a trade off isnt able to set rocks .
its only set up move is swords dance wich can still be useful to prepare an ice shard clean up sweep .
edit i 'll just make it clear the fan-fiction we 'll do is about the justice league .
it 's not a solo for one of the heroes .
so here is the closed list unless someone else want in then we 'll work something out
everyone will give between 5 to 30 characters they want to see in out story in someway .
the ones who 'll see appear the most will be the ones will use .
yes i could 've google this but i wanted to hear from people on here .
if anyone has done it before please tell me your experience and results .
so i 'm planning on taking a few tabs on friday night with my girlfriend .
we do acid every weekend or so and it 's usually at nighttime .
we usually drop around 10 o'clock that way my parents are in bed and we do n't have to worry about being caught or anything .
we usually just hangout listen to music watch some fun and colorful tv shows for the visual effect .
so i was wondering if anybody else has ideas for what is fun or pleasing to do on acid while just in my room or my house .
i 've asked this question about a month ago and everybody gave me answers for fun things to do during the daytime .
if i 'm tripping at night and obviously ca n't drive what would be a good idea for things to do while just hanging out on lsd at night ?
before we got married my husband and i lived together but kept our finances separate .
i am working and have an income of about 130k .
it has taken me a lot of hard work to get to the place in life where i am investing studying and interning during the years where my classmates were busy partying .
in my late teens/early twenties i would work sometimes 18 hours a day .
total of my vacation days was one week for christmas .
now that this hard work has paid off i want to finally enjoy the fruits of my labor .
i want to sign up for various classes get some nice clothes etc .
my husband has taken 3 years off between high school and college .
this was not time wasted as he did a lot of interesting and exciting work and travelling .
i wo n't detail it here to maintain anonymity but this was a lot of hard work even though not paid .
now he is in his senior year at college .
he is a very intellectual kind of guy who enjoys books and learning .
his parents have the funds to support him including fees which they have been doing since the beginning of his studies .
since we married he started complaining about the time he spends at his job saying he could spend this time learning more things and reading .
but my main issue is that he assumed that the money i earn is now his and started planning on getting a masters or two '' first then maybe a phd .
basically he does n't plan on finding a job in the next 15 years because here we have a steady income of 130k that he can spend on masters fees .
he also tries to make us lead a very wasteful lifestyle taking cabs to go anywhere eating out multiple times a week etc .
all of course because we '' can afford it .
i knew that he planned on getting a masters but it was my understanding that his parents will also support him through it .
now his parents upon finding out how much i make pulled out and said it is now our '' responsibility to support ourselves '' and that there is more than enough money if we take into account our '' income .
i am supportive of his education plans but at the same time i am not willing to have more than half of my salary be spent on his plans to be an eternal student .
i feel slightly exploited when i think about the hard work i have out into and now still not be able to afford what i want because he enjoys student life .
tldr my husband after we married thinks that the money i make should be spent on him getting masters degrees because he enjoys intellectual life and work .
i 'm considering switching to a credit union but i 've always thought that having a big bank was beneficial because there are more atms and it 's easier to bank online .
i travel to different countries a few times a year .
is it better to use a big bank if you travel a lot ?
i did n't think she 'd be gone that fast but i see people who that that she 'd really be a new main cast member .
my mom is the beneficiary for his whole account .
can they withhold his savings or other checking account to cover the overdraw ?
i never imagined i 'd be a sorority girl but now i ca n't imagine life without my sisters .
the media is constantly claiming that sororities are filled with classless girls who enjoy binge drinking promiscuity and gossiping but my sorority is very different .
i joined about a month ago and already it 's changed my life forever !
to really show you how much of a blessing my sorority is to me i have to start from the beginning .
i grew up about an hour outside of boston and spent most of my afternoons working on a horse farm .
the smell of fresh cut hay sweet grain and earthy air has always been intoxicating to me .
after graduating high school i had no intention of joining some group of materialistic self-absorbed college bimbos .
like most girls i left for college eager to experience a new way of life but anxious that i would n't fit in .
the adults in my life all said college will be the best four years of your life ! yet even after my first few weeks of school i was miserable .
my roommate was n't around much she made her own group of friends and was out all the time and our apartment was separate from the rest of campus so i did n't get that freshmen dorm experience .
i missed spending my days outside surrounded by trees and animals .
the only time i 'd pry myself out of bed was to go to class .
i was desperate for friendship but too anxiety-ridden to put myself out there .
my roommate eventually must have noticed and taken pity on me because one night she invited me out with her to some party .
i guess my hunger for social interaction finally outweighed my social anxiety .
i 'll regret going out that night for the rest of my life .
my roommate and i took a couple of shots at our apartment beforehand .
i probably should 've stopped at two shots but i did n't want my roommate to regret inviting me out .
i kept up with her shot for shot until it was time to head out .
i checked myself out in the mirror one last time before leaving .
probably like an 8/10 if i had to rate myself on one of those sexist 1-10 scales .
i have long blonde hair blue eyes freckles and a pretty nice figure though that freshman 15 was already quickly creeping ! .
i 'd spent lots of time on my makeup and felt ready to take on the night .
within ten minutes of getting to the party my roommate took off with her group of friends and i was left awkwardly hunching over by the blaring speakers downing a mixed drink in one hand and pretending to check my phone in the other .
it was then that greg stone must have noticed my vulnerability .
even i a socially inept nobody had heard about greg 's good looks .
he was a pretty popular guy around campus and i knew he had some mutual friends with my roommate .
after a half hour of flirting and drinking i was so excited when he invited me to his apartment down the street .
he told me his roommate was gone for the weekend and we 'd have the place to ourselves .
he poured me another drink when we got to his place and that 's the last i remember of that night .
i 'm sure you 've all read some sickening stories about college rape .
i can tell you first hand that words will never do it justice .
when i woke up the next morning on greg 's couch he was gone .
the vomit in my hair was still wet and so was the blood between my legs .
i barely noticed my pounding headache compared to the pulsing pain from down there .
ten minutes after the shock wore off a bit i was able to stand and make my way to the bathroom .
i vomited some more while showering before finally looking in the mirror .
the area around my collarbone was already a deep purple .
i stared deep into my own soul and in that moment i honestly just wanted to die .
i went to let myself out of greg 's apartment and there was a post-it note stuck on the inside of the door that read i had a great time with you last night g.
i did n't tell anyone what happened that night .
growing up i 'd always told myself that i would absolutely go running to the police and my family if anything like that ever happened to me .
something in the very core of my soul was just broken i guess .
i laid in bed for the next two weeks not even leaving my apartment for class .
one night when i got up to make myself my usual bowl of lucky charms for dinner i noticed that someone had slipped a small white envelope under the front door with my name on it .
i slid my finger underneath the flap tearing it open .
for a second i swear it smelled like sweet forest air .
i gently pulled out a dark green notecard with metallic gold cursive handwriting .
the back of the notecard listed a time and date tomorrow 10pm and address basement classroom of an older building on our campus .
it was signed your soon-to-be sister louisa. now i know i told you guys that i would never consider joining a sorority but something stood out about this one .
i finally felt like i could really become a part of something bigger than myself .
i ca n't explain exactly what about that notecard compelled me to finally leave my apartment the next day but it did .
i had no idea what to wear to a sorority recruitment event but i figured from the formal tone of the notecard that i should get a little dressed up .
i put on a simple black knee length dress and some lipstick and then hurried over to the building listed on the notecard .
they probably had me confused with someone else when they slipped that envelope under my door .
i was about to turn around and head home when a short brunette girl walked up from behind me scaring the shit out of me at first since it was almost 10pm at the time .
we quickly realized we were both in the same situation .
kimberly had received the same notecard that i had .
kim did n't seem like your stereotypical sorority girl either so i felt less nervous about the whole thing .
when kim and i made it to the classroom in the basement just before 10pm there were four other girls already there .
the room was dim and draped floor to ceiling in white sheets .
white candles lit a path from the door into the center of the room .
for an old basement classroom it smelled astonishingly fresh as if i were actually standing in the middle of a forest .
for the first time since the greg incident i felt safe .
before i had a chance to introduce myself to the other four girls a woman 's voice called our attention .
i had n't noticed her before standing in the back corner of the room .
ladies i 'm thrilled to have you all here tonight .
our sisterhood is the strongest of its kind and we have carefully chosen you six to uphold our legacy this semester .
my name is louisa and i am the president of our special sisterhood .
tomorrow i know you will find your happiness as all of our previous sisters have before.
i do n't know how i had n't noticed this woman before either .
i guess the room must have been darker than i remember .
i serve as vice president of recruitment and i am so excited to have found you all this year .
each of you possesses traits we hold dear to us in our sisterhood and i 'm confident that you 'll find everlasting love here with your new sisters .
in order to get to know all of you even better we 're having a candle pass tonight .
candle passes are a tradition amongst our sisters and help strengthen our bonds of sisterhood .
each of you will have a chance to tell us your story .
reveal your secrets share your aspirations and seek comfort from your sisters .
after the candle pass we will initiate those who still desire to join our special sisterhood.
ellie stepped out from the corner to guide us into place for the candle pass .
she was tall and beautiful with short brown hair and oaken eyes that nearly sparked when the candlelight hit .
me kimberly and the four other girls sat crisscross facing each other on the floor in a tight circle .
once seated the classroom door opened and a line of twenty-two women robed in dark green dresses began forming a circle of their own around us however they remained standing .
i figured green must be their sorority 's national colors or something .
as ellie instructed one by one we passed the candle around our inner circle .
the first of us to speak maura spoke of how much she loved her dear mother and how much she hated her mother 's murderer .
lauren a cute slightly plump redhead told us about the torment she endured from bullies in middle school and how it drove her to three suicide attempts .
each girl told her story and as louisa said we would we laughed and we cried okay mostly cried .
the girls in green standing around our circle remained still and silent .
when the candle finally got to me for the first time ever i spoke about waking up in greg stone 's apartment .
afterwards i did n't laugh but i did n't cry either .
i felt more connected to the strangers in this room then i had ever felt to anyone in my entire life .
after the last of us had spoken ellie left the outer circle and took the candle from us in the middle .
as is tradition if you desire to be a lifelong member of our sisterhood you must give a small part of yourself to the sisterhood.
she then pulled a short golden blade from the pocket of her green dress and slit the palm of her hand .
she let the blood drip onto the candle and then passed it to the woman to her left .
one by one each woman silently let drops of their blood flow onto the candle .
louisa was the last of the standing women to shed blood on the candle .
as she bled i could almost swear her eyes shone brighter than the flame itself .
i know to some of you this might sound freaky or even frightening but i 'm telling you this was the most comfortable and natural experience i 've been through .
louisa then walked the candle and blade to the inside of our little circle handing it to kimberly first .
without hesitation kimberly drew her own blood to add to the now blood-drenched candle .
when i felt the golden handle of the blade in my hand i felt empowered .
i pressed the blade against my palm and felt no pain .
my blood pooled at the top of the candle and then overflowed dripping down the sides and dancing with the blood of my sisters .
once all six of us had finished this sorority initiation tradition louisa checked her watch and then looked back down at all of us .
i am so pleased to officially welcome these six incredible women into our chapter .
the next morning i woke up in my bed with a bandage around my palm .
i could n't wait to start my day and meet up with kimberly and a few other sorority sisters for lunch like we 'd planned the night before .
i walked into the kitchen for my usual lucky charms of course to find my roommate crying .
greg stone was found dead this morning she sniveled .
the next day i read about it in the news .
apparently there was an anonymous 911 call made from greg 's apartment the night of his death shorty after midnight .
when police arrived greg 's body was sprawled across his couch .
the blood between his legs had yet to dry and his body was still warm to the touch .
the only evidence found at the scene was a dark green notecard with gold handwriting stuck to the inside of his front door that read i had a great time with you last night l.
it 's now been a month since the greg scandal .
the exact cause of death has yet to be confirmed .
anyways all i know is that my life has gotten miraculously better since finding my sisters .
i 'm just a new member so i still have a lot to learn about how our sorority works but i hope one day i can help other women in the same way my sisters have already helped me .
i shared my story in hopes that you remember that not all sororities are bad like the media claims !
i 'm so sick of them getting such a bad reputation .
i highly encourage anyone looked for love laughter and light to consider going out for recruitment this fall .
i 've been wanting to write an alternate history where all of anglo-saxon england is occupied by norse speaking monarchs .
i wanted to write the book in a language that could have later arisen in this scenario .
do you have any ideas of how i could go about making a norse influenced anglo-saxon ?
r hello guys i 'm using pokemon x i really need help with obtaining ha heracross .
i 've been trading on gts but still did n't get it .
gary pulled his slightly dented silver two door civic into the five car driveway at the back of his apartment .
there was a patio just in front of them barred off with black painted fence that was peeling in the sun .
he tried to tuck his button down in but the wrinkles proliferated with each push he gave up brushing aside his hair it was time to put pen to paper not iron .
the ideas had grown tall and thick like a pine tree blossoming into offshoots of new products that could support even more of his ballooning thoughts .
he could create a shaving cream and feminine brands that smelled of softer plants .
the soaps could be sold to mlb players and the ads could be them holding a louisville slugger and batting his soaps far into the sky to wash away a dreary night .
an apartment like gary 's did n't seem like the best incubator of ideas .
there was a single fern in the living room a television a desk that did n't have a chair and a one-butt kitchen .
his whiteboard and stack of notebooks were full of plots and schemes for a business in every industry he dropped his bag pulled a pen out of his pocket and slid through the kitchen right into a chair at the table .
he flipped over one of the envelopes occupying his dining spot and scrawled a sketch of the product tree .
each soap a new branch each idea a new leaf .
it started with a bar of pine soap sold to local vendors and at flea markets .
next came a variety of them a few candles with a special bath salt bonus then they could sprout into that market .
gary kept drawing branch after branch of the tree until his ideas were up within the canopy of bigger business of millionaires and billionaires .
bed bath and beyond could n't hold a candle to it .
he drew out a branch for different aromas tried to set a price point and wrote out the motto of his company stay clean and drew a fun little recycling icon next to each section of the tree .
that was important now he did n't want to be just another company purporting waste of resources or people .
everything could be automated in this day and age especially his job .
his accounting role back at work was nothing but a few quick macros and clicking a series of buttons to gather another report from wherever rosie his manager pointed and emailed fetch .
cleaning the corporate world would do better though his soaps would rid cubicles of sweat and coffee scents that spent years hiding in the grey felt of the thrown-up barriers .
with this idea he was practically already a multimillionaire .
gary took a deep breath and closed his eyes letting the calm of his spurted idea and the belief of a healthy future take him over .
he spent the rest of his lunch eating leftover pizza from his sparse refrigerator and finding videos on how to make a bar of soap from nothing but household ingredients .
he could soak some of the things in tree sap to give it that woodiness he desired what would be challenging is selling the little bars he needed a distinction .
gary wrote down a grocery list for the soap balled up the paper towel he 'd been eating on and centered the envelope in front of his seat .
he slammed the chair back under the table letting it swing about threatening his only fern .
according to his microwave he was about to run late to work .
he threw the paper towel into the sink he 'd get it later as he took two steps through the kitchen and shut the door .
gary was unaware that the fern in the living room had been kicked over in his rush to leave .
rosie was waiting outside of his cubicle waving around a now finished lean cuisine .
it reeked his walls were taking deep breaths of the cheesy broccoli he 'd have hints of it for days .
same time as always excuse me gary slipped back into his cubicle barely avoiding skin contact with rosie .
her look of disgust as he inched by did n't help the process .
i 'll be heading off to a doctor 's appointment here soon gary email me the minute they 're done .
it 's all we need to finish off this week 's entry.
yes ma'am gary tilted an ear towards her as she stood up reducing the force on the cubicle causing it to murmur .
wait rosie just out of curiosity what would you need to change soaps from a marketing standpoint ?
my soap better be cheap rosie walked away rubbing her shoulder .
you 're welcome do n't forget reports by this evening rosie said over the cubicle wall .
gary started tapping away at the number keypad finishing the reports as quickly as he could .
the sooner he was done here the faster he could get home with rosie abandoning the ship so soon he could too .
he would have to post he had a family emergency on his computer or something pressing he 'd never done it before .
a group of marketers walked past him reeking of body odor from their lunch time workout .
gary pinched his nose thinking only of the time in the near future where he could toss them a bar and casually say stay clean .
he smirked rolling up his sleeves and returning to the excel staring him down .
he was at the office late two hours late .
his brain was drained his fingers in need of rest on the arms of a couch .
as he arrived home the fern that had tumbled out of the pot looked a bit withered but gary was n't in the mood .
he stood it up tossed it outside hoping it would rain tomorrow .
he pulled the vacuum cleaner out of the closet sucked up the little drops of soil and tossed them into the trash .
the paper towel sat in the sink from this afternoon and the soil that sowed itself into the carpet rested easy as gary put the vacuum cleaner away .
the television burst into life as he and his wrists settled on the couch .
he closed out the videos from youtube he 'd pulled up earlier pulled the crumbled grocery list from his pocket and slid it under the envelope making room for his actual dinner .
he just wanted to relax slow down the soap could wait until tomorrow .
time was one of the things he had too much of .
gary kept his work clothes on polluting the apartment with his stench as much as it polluted his smells were n't as awful here broccoli cheddar lean cuisines and stinking marketer body odor was n't living in his walls .
the fern withered outside spending the weekend then the next week out there as gary kept on about his life .
unchanged by his one-time burst of independent ideas spending life sipping a beer pushing pointless reports and adding to the stench of everyone else .
his act never cleaned up and the fern was tossed away .
i ca n't get it anywhere near me and i am really itching for it .
i 'm trying to construct a 5 color cleric/apostle edh deck and for some reason i can only add four to the deck .
it gives me the option to add more to the trade binder after four .
does anyone have any experience with the apostles of relentless rats online ?
groups on social network are pretty amazing are n't they ?
i mean you get to talk to all of your friends at once and you can share photos and mass discuss topics .
one day i was just relaxing on my phone when this guy texts me on whatsapp saying he has a cool group he would like me to join .
he introduced himself as aaron and said he got my number from a friend of mine mike .
that did n't strike me as odd since mike was always overly friendly .
i said no to the guy but he kept on trying so i finally said yes only to shut him up .
sure buddy just throw me in so i can get this over with ...
there was 10 members and i was the eleventh one .
and 7 guys aaron the leader ortis rick dan emile eric dereck and me .
these guys were from all around the globe i was really impressed .
as soon as i got in i was greeted by everyone with so much love ...
for someone as antisocial as me it was a new experience and i really liked it ...
i decided to stick around for a bit and see what they 're like .
i barely even left my house before this but now i was not leaving it at all .
i was constantly talking to them and they made me laugh so hard i cried .
i was so happy to finally have friends but suddenly they all just stopped talking in the group .
hey man we made a new group well invite you in a second .
sorry for making you worry we had some trouble . ''
i was happy that they texted me i did n't want that group to fall apart .
they added me and greeted me the same as usual with a lot of love .
the chat went on for a while until i noticed .
both their numbers and names on whatsapp were now simply three dots .
hey guys what 's wrong with your names and numbers ?
i got scared honestly but i thought it was maybe more trouble or the internet went down so i waited it out .
i was so anxious and i felt so depressed .
ping aaron sent an image to the group 665+1 ''
wait what 's with the name it used to be happy globe ...
i swiftly opened up the message and i saw the whatsapp logo on the white surface .
it was a picture of a person cut in half with maggots crawling in its insides .
ping uma sent a message to the group 665+1 ''
thank god uma is here she 'll probably talk to aaron about this .
i popped the chat open but not before i made sure i deleted the picture ...
i did n't want to puke what was left of my lunch .
it was a picture of a woman being eaten alive by dogs with a date written on the ground behind her .
i opened the group but i made sure my auto download was off .
guys please tell me this is a joke and those are fake ''
the group kept sending these every day for a month .
i did n't want to open them but the sheer thought made me puke every day .
the ones i saw all had one thing in common besides the blood and gore ...
on the paper aaron was holding it said read our names again .
i know this kind of question has been asked before but i need an easy not a lot of reading nw as soon as possible .
in the beginning it was more of aleks ' thing to dude '' .
now everyone dude '' s in the cowchop crew .
it has even started affecting me in my day to day life .
so here 's my review of the inktome edition herrera esteli .
this is a 6x46 limited run exclusive to smallbatch 's .
i 've had the standard herrera esteli previously so my final thoughts were in comparison to that cigar .
cedar and leather hint of molasses long finish creamy almost syrupy
went out on me after half an inch ... . on the relight burn continued with no problems .
strength coming in much dryer than first third lots of wood still a hint of molasses and leather
more pepper and some baking spice lots and lots of wood a little bit of hay
cigar started to heat up and the taste of grass came in .
thoughts very good cigar tastes like a habano nice start with a shift to dry wood and spice .
like the standard herrera esteli with a bit more of a punch .
p250 whiteout factory new http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028657077/inventory 730_2_7267712072 0.061134930700064 http csgo.exchange/item/7267712072 sticker titan holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c titan 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 sticker fnatic holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c fnatic 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 sticker flipsid3 tactics holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c flipsid3 tactics 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 sticker lgb esports holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c lgb esports 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 great float with clean tip and back 37 on exchange 55 http images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/320122457678226231/3090da7e948b6d1f4fb8578fe723f4ff3c4c7e14
ak-47 aquamarine revenge minimal wear http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028657077/inventory 730_2_5009323498 0.12493067979813 http csgo.exchange/item/5009323498 sticker lgb esports holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c lgb esports 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 sticker lgb esports holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c lgb esports 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 sticker lgb esports holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c lgb esports 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 sticker lgb esports holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c lgb esports 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 1 of 2 4xlgb holo aquamarines the other being stat track battlescarred on exchange 18 http images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/320122457678392792/ea8aaf67de927ad62876c59cdf7662efce343c98
ak-47 aquamarine revenge field-tested http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028657077/inventory 730_2_4702877255 0.18133853375912 http csgo.exchange/item/4702877255 sticker titan holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c titan 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 sticker titan holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c titan 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 sticker titan holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c titan 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 sticker titan holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c titan 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 the only 4x titan holo aquamarine on exchange 22 http images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/320122457678309188/f7e43198ac28a33a3f99807b6f1d1d5af15ae691
ssg 08 detour minimal wear http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028657077/inventory 730_2_5732564682 0.11190901696682 http csgo.exchange/item/5732564682 sticker titan holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c titan 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 sticker titan holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c titan 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 sticker titan holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c titan 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 sticker mlg holo mlg columbus 2016 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c mlg 28holo 29 7c mlg columbus 2016 only scout with 3 or more titan holos on exchange 9 http images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/285225308507600832/5330c6a7303ead2df42b0bbacfe78f4b51fa5f7f
usp-s para green factory new http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028657077/inventory 730_2_7267710887 0.00034848690847866 http csgo.exchange/item/7267710887 sticker flipsid3 tactics katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c flipsid3 tactics 7c katowice 2015 sticker flipsid3 tactics holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c flipsid3 tactics 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 sticker flipsid3 tactics holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c flipsid3 tactics 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 sticker flipsid3 tactics holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c flipsid3 tactics 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 one of the cleanest tops i have come across with crazy float 23 on exchange 10 http images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/320123842399625704/24c7e3f305822b3d77c2f53f2effcd11f526a155
mp7 asterion factory new http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028657077/inventory 730_2_7200330365 0.02333115413785 http csgo.exchange/item/7200330365 sticker vox eminor holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c vox eminor 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 sticker hellraisers holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c hellraisers 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 sticker cloud9 g2a holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c cloud9 g2a 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 only mp7 with this combo only mp7 aterion to have vox and hellraisers and 1/4 asterions with could 9 holo on exhange 3 http images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/320123842409185182/5ea144e14e00825d65fcac0c6c20ae9a02c6a7f0
desert eagle midnight storm factory new http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028657077/inventory 730_2_5020065950 0.065295562148094 http csgo.exchange/item/5020065950 sticker vox eminor holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c vox eminor 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 1/2 vox holo stickered midnight storms only factory new 4 http imgur.com/x0syixp
prices adjusted to this thread https www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensivetrade/comments/4y2tv0/q_how_much_value_does_having_4x_katowice_2015 ? st=iry8lqrf sh=caafbc23
m4a4 daybreak factory new http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028657077/inventory 730_2_7252339663 0.0020970061887056 http csgo.exchange/item/7252339663 sticker splyce mlg columbus 2016 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c splyce 7c mlg columbus 2016 sticker splyce mlg columbus 2016 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c splyce 7c mlg columbus 2016 18 on exchange**|30 screen 1 http images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/275104379586132857/ede057c65ded07963d620149b85cf253e5d5835e
m4a4 daybreak factory new http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028657077/inventory 730_2_7252303396 0.002623010892421 http csgo.exchange/item/7252303396 sticker splyce holo mlg columbus 2016 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c splyce 28holo 29 7c mlg columbus 2016 sticker splyce holo mlg columbus 2016 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c splyce 28holo 29 7c mlg columbus 2016 sticker splyce holo mlg columbus 2016 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c splyce 28holo 29 7c mlg columbus 2016 sticker splyce holo mlg columbus 2016 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c splyce 28holo 29 7c mlg columbus 2016 22 on exchange**|30 screen 1 http images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/297608265432097430/cad5313d4fa5b928a7d5f2423879bb3eb1915578 screen 2 http images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/285224644452457564/a190193eb7ed89f61ef388644c0361f323064f2f
desert eagle sunset storm 弐 factory new http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028657077/inventory 730_2_7268247573 0.0067732241004705 http csgo.exchange/item/7268247573 36 on exchange**|12
so i 've noticed that a bunch of people have gotten a visit/tour of monstercat hq in the past and i was wondering if they offer this to the public and if so who should i get in touch with so that it can be arranged ?
when i 've got a nasty cluster coming on i 've taken the abortive normally excedrin or a triptan for me i 've got my eye mask on i 've got my ear plugs in ... have you ever just sat in the pain ?
i sometimes resist the tossing/turning and just lay there letting the pain wash over my skull like demented northern lights .
i cry but i 'm just laying there letting the pain fuck me .
to be like you 're going to leave me soon . ''
i just wanted to tell a story about this guy with an ego that could match kanye 's .
last week e messaged me on facebook asking me and a couple of female colleagues out to dinner .
e is a 36 year old lawyer very accomplished graduated at the top of his class in law school valedictorian of his llm class in an ivy league school great career .
i 'm a 27 year old law student who has never met him in person .
we 've only corresponded over facebook for a school project i was handling .
having dinner with him sounded like a great way to network .
anyway i decided not to go to the dinner yesterday because i had heard stories about how creepy this guy was .
like legitimately nice people went out of their way to dissuade me .
my colleagues went and boy am i glad i did n't go .
these two colleagues of mine had already met him in person before and worked with him so they felt they owed him their presence .
well e asked them why me and another girl who has never met him before too did n't go to the dinner .
they made up some excuse for us thanks girls ! .
my colleagues asked him why he invited me and the other girl to the dinner when he has n't even met us before .
he confessed that he found me pretty and a male friend told him i had a nice ass '' and that he
if he wanted to get my attention why invite another girl so again my colleagues asked him why .
... well e wanted to be efficient '' and practical '' and because two girls in the same room with a guy they 're interested '' in would compete with each other for his attention .
also his mother was badgering him go get a wife already .
1 why would you tell that to my friends 2 why are you assuming that we 're interested in you 3 why are you preying on wide-eyed law students ?
i do n't care how awesome your cv is you 're a creep !
one gripe i 've had for some time has been the big doors that open and close to let the cart through on escort maps more specifically why some of them close .
two good examples of this are the big door after the first checkpoint and the door that is broken down on eichenwalde .
after the cart makes its way through these doors when the door closes behind the cart it can be very difficult for the attackers to make it back to the cart .
the defenders have very easy chokes to hold especially on eichenwalde two very tight corridors that can be easily spammed .
why do n't these doors stay open to allow the attackers more room to maneuver and fight for the cart ?
most of the other big doors like these stay open or if they close are close enough to the attacker 's spawn that it does n't matter .
any thoughts about keeping these doors open so attackers are n't just running into infinite spam ?
after killing a abyssal demon it dropped an abyssal whip .
i usually roll with elective but i 'm struggling to get my favored candidate enough votes despite good relationship scores with my vassals .
my vassals are all the same culture religion and dynasty .
instead of my preferred candidate they 've been favoring a string of old men .
although i would n't lose the top-level title because all candidates are my dynasts i would prefer to choose for myself .
so has this system been made more difficult to control in conclave and should i revert to my old system of primogeniture executing disappointing sons ?
idk to vote trump or hillary i just want the guy who can fuck it all up and destroy everything .
i want a change of pace i do n't like the cycle of
go to work or school daydream of killing yourself .
even if she jumps in front of the bullet for hanna .
so yes i have a shopify dropshipping business and i have no idea on what i have to pay to the irs .
im a foreigner and my company is registered in delaware .
any accountant out there that can help me out ?
i 'm one of those guys whose never gotten a blowjob .
if there 's someone out there who wants to be my first pm me .
i 'd be happy to reciprocate but i 'd need some directions
i am a part-time student in my 2l year so taking one day class per day .
i knew the parking was bad during the day but it 's been especially brutal monday and tuesday worse than i remember last year on the days i came before .
