so i started playing this game about 3 weeks ago and i was wondering if people with korean app store account is having trouble with american credit/debit card .
i an looking for some modelers to do various architectural scenes for me .
i would give images/measurements/info for a room and you would create it .
anyhow we use 3dsmax and vray ... but if your program of choice exports fbx we should be good !
please use this thread to write what you are planning to do what not to do what to eat etc ... as usual please do n't just list the things please be elaborate and at least put some effort to it .
why is there any kind of discussion about if it should be 4v4 6v6 8v8 or 12v12 ?
because you can actually have all 3 especially with the number of people that play destiny .
although you will may have to suffer a 45s queue time ...
the discussion should n't be which to choose but why they do n't offer modes that used to be standard ?
energy is stored in sjelgems which is the final energy crystallized a magi gives off before death .
a sjel gem storage ranges from 1,000 to 7,000 huds depending on the magical strength of a magi before he/she dies .
it takes 5 magi an hour to recharge a crystal to full capacity .
it takes about 20 sjelgems to power a city for a month .
okay so i 'm kinda confused what is the point of playing ranked right now since your mmr wo n't increase now if i read the patch notes correctly and the season has n't began yet ?
please be a fair ap and do n't ruin it for all of us .
make sure you watch what information you give out .
so here it is hubsan h501s x4 drone eu plug http couponsfromchina.com/2017/09/04/vgod-elite-mech-mod-coupon-price-gearbest great discount !
i have been playing swan song in my sideboard instead of dispel for about 3 months now .
i still do n't see why dispel is better ss hits more and it only gives them a 2/2 bird .
which in most games we have islandwalk and are just bigger if we end up getting beat by a 2/2 i really do n't see winning the game in the first place then .
just really would like to know why this card is n't being played ?
i apologize if i did anything wrong and if any info is input incorrectly then i am sorry ...
i put in all but the weights from memory .
an optimal laptop for me would be as follows ↵ cost 1900-2500 ↵screen size 13.3 '' or 15.6 '' but the market for good gpus in 15 '' laptops is nonexistent as far as i can tell
↵gpu at least a 1050 ram at least 16 gigs↵ cpu 8 threads7↵ storage 512gb ssd preferably pcie x4/nvme ↵touchscreen preferably but i would n't require it weight 5 lbs though lower is always better ↵thin bezels ?
footprint to screen size ratio is a big deal to me thin bezels please .
↵battery size it 's for school and entertainment just some light gaming when i 'm away from my capable desktop ... but a full day 's battery is kind of necessary.↵
i am aware that the last three criterion essentially rule out the overwhelming majority of gaming laptops but it is one of the more important criterion to me .
also ... you can tell how important certain things are to me through my chart which is a work in progress .
need info on traveling to revelstoke for the first time ?
for new and experienced snowboarders with any questions at all about snowboarding including gear learning what to wear where to go what terminplogy is rad etc .
please ask questions in this thread and let the r/snowboarding community help out .
this is meant as a judgement-free and welcoming environment for noobs to ask any kind of question related to snowboarding no matter how dumb it may seem .
anyway a royalties license fees are enough to pay once .
this is not a telecom subscription that has paid monthly .
do you think you pay monthly for ferrari ford maserati lamborghini ?
by buying a game i pay the license fee there is an end-user contract that is i can enjoy the ford maserati 's given visual sound quality .
i 'm preparing to dm lost mine of phandelver for three inexperienced players .
rather than nerf the adventure 's difficulty i 've decided to run a side quest https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ztd2rzz6mlo so the pcs can attain 2nd level before reaching triboar trail .
my hook for the side quest requires a description of high road .
i want to adhere as closely to the official forgotten realms campaign setting as possible but i ca n't find any information about high road other than it has been cleared and rebuilt by the lord 's alliance after neverwinter 's recent destruction .
please tell me if the following description of high road which i 've completely made up contradicts any officially established history or lore .
the high road is so named because it follows the ridge lines of the rolling hills it passes through .
this helps protect it from flooding as well as brigands .
spaced along the road at intervals of 5-10 miles are fortified signal outposts .
in addition to alerting neverwinter of approaching threats and protecting trade along high road these outposts provide a constabulary for the citizens of the hamlets villages and towns which have sprung up around them .
the outposts nearest to neverwinter are large well garrisoned and in good repair .
all outposts are commanded by members of the lord 's alliance .
the high road is wide enough for two large wagons to pass one another and in many places it is wider .
the road surface varies between paving stone cobble gravel wood and hard-packed dirt .
well i 've noticed that half my nipple is brown or dark color is this even normal ?
can we please have something to sell all the excess stuff we are collecting ?
i mean come on all three sagas had a salvager anakin luke ?
i have completed this challenge before and im doing it again and will document my progress and journey .
i do have a main reddit account that i 've used for many years but thought i 'd have a more joke account new persona perhaps one that does n't really link to my main online identity '' as my other account can if people try to search/stalk me and i can be a bit more open about sex or what not .
so i am 29 years old asian working in healthcare .
over the last year i 've gotten pretty active in gym and exercises and have gotten a ton better in terms of looking fit not looking like a fatass etc .
that also helped me tremendously in getting over my insecurities self doubts about whether i am attractive or not whether i am a desirable individual etc .
i like video games watching sports basketball listening to music oldies recently developed a love for pink floyd .
i really like rick and morty or game of thrones if you 're looking for something new to talk about though i 've heard thats actually very generic if not i also really like comic books and related movies marvel cinematic movies netflix series etc .
if you want a guy thats into memes jokes openess about sex a bit perverted i am probably it !
i do have skype kik or steam for contact as well as recent pictures on a pof profile upon request .
i have my first laser hair removal soon but i 'm not really clear on what i need to do before it .
i shaved the area a few days in advance .
i get sun screen from the store and put it on earlier that day ?
i 'm also supposed to get cream for pain but i do n't know where to get it ?
no liquidity to buy decent block of bitcons on exchanges !
well i think this is great deal xiaomi mijia panorama selfie stick http couponsfromchina.com/2017/10/24/xiaomi-mijia-panorama-selfie-stick-coupon-price-gearbest great price !
i know the risk of using advanced stats for lineups with such a small sample size .
it does n't take into consideration the matchups or the opponents and it does n't take into consideration which part of the game these lineups played in .
that said we can still learn a bit about how those lineups work and what you can get out of them .
so take this data with a grain of salt and use it as more of a potential scheme .
so i did n't want to compare many lineups so early in the season so i filtered out any lineup that has n't played at least three games together and that has logged less than 12 minutes of playing time .
1. the starting lineup of l.ball k.caldwell-pope b.ingram b.lopez l.nance jr have logged a total of 82 minutes in five different games .
their net rating is 3.3. their assist-to-turnover ratio is a low 1.49. their rebounding grade is 49 which is mediocre and their true shooting percentage is 51 which is 4 lower than the league average .
2. the second lineup is the bench lineup of death which includes c.brewer j.clarkson j.hart k.kuzma j.randle .
this lineup is an amazing 16.4 positive net rating and rebound the ball at a 50.28 rate .
their assist-to-turnover ratio is 1.57 which is great since lonzo is not on the floor .
their effective field-goal percentage is 59 which is way above league average .
what 's surprising is that their pace is 99 vs 102 of the starting lineup .
l.ball k.caldwell-pope b.ingram k.kuzma and j.randle third and last lineup to meet the cut and in my opinion the best lineup the lakers have .
it has many similarities to the golden state warrior 's death lineup in the way it 's constructed but different in other ways .
this lineup has played 15 total minus in only 3 games but it 's hard not to wonder about its potential .
it has an unbelievable net rating of 50 which is mainly derived from an insane defensive rating of 63 points per 100 possessions .
this lineup is able to produce an amazing 2.67 assist-to-turnover ratio which is mainly as a result of a very low turnover rate since the assist rate is similar to the other two lineups .
their rebounding ratio is 67 mainly because of their defense which creates more defensive rebound opportunities and also because of their high offensive rebound percentage which goes up to around 30 .
their true shooting percentage is actually lower than lineup number two at 51 which is actually lower than the league average .
in addition their pace is actually slower than the starting lineup which consists of 2 traditional bigs 97 vs 102 of starting lineup
1. the traditional starting lineup has too few ball handlers and not enough shooting .
having traditional bigs has n't improved the rebounding percentage nor has it created more efficient shots .
although it creates many assists it also creates too many turnovers and plays at a fast pace that does n't fit its personnel .
in contrast to coach walton 's demands it actually needs to slow down the pace to reduce turnovers or should n't be on the floor .
2. the second line up is a bench lineup which mostly plays against opposing bench units .
that said it has shown efficiency in all areas but assist to turnover ratio and maybe should play even more minutes .
3. the third line up is the best of all three .
even though it seems like a small ball death lineup and actually plays at the slowest pace of 97. it is extremely efficient and does not turn over the ball while out rebounding their opponents .
edit another member quit ... i bet more to follow with the news of more marquee events .
i 've recently completed my build and i bought the official r/battlestations desk .
use my code fixinotk and i use your code comment below
i remember as a kid watching a horror movie that i believe had a pack of red-eyed wolves that were terrorizing a town on the edge of a forest .
i remember vividly the red eyes a scene where an army or militia guy in a covered truck full of guns gets attacked and i want to say the movie ended with the wolves overrunning the town or research station ?
i am either not remembering a lot of those details correctly or it is a super b-horror movie that its not popping up through usual searches .
the time frame that i would have watched it would have definitely late 90 's early 2000 's .
definitely going to be pre '05 but again i do n't know if i am remembering wrong on that either .
i remember zappa saying in an interview that baby snakes was going to be something like 'new ' or 'never been done before ' .
i do n't know why i do this every time i 'm unhealthy i guess it 's a way to express myself i do n't know .
but here 's a post i 've posted before and the rest i might end up copying down after it forgetting i 've written it in the past post .
as a kid i was shy around older people and quiet but around friends i was always jumping around being stupid i would show off in class doing anything to make people laugh .
i was never in the house as a kid i was more outside everyday or playing video games with friends or would go on msn and do that facetime thing they used to have .
i never really expressed myself as a kid but i did sometimes i 've wrote stories and songs and was really into music .
but only really sang as a kid in front of friends i only started writing a lot of music once i 've gotten older .
i was never loud at home either really i was a good kid never any trouble for my parents .
only in school i was a sort of loud but never when the teacher was teaching i never got in much trouble .
then in 8th grade before i was going to 9th grade i got heavily into music and emotionally attached to it loving it so much thinking this is what i was meant to do .
i started writing songs over that summer before 9th grade and started learning guitar and got heavily into that too .
then my friends showed me hard rock and heavy metal and got into that i started playing a bit with friends and got really close with them and took the band thing so seriously i was always thinking of band names logos looking for ways to get gigs and become the manager for a bit .
then when 9th grade came along i was sort of shy at first but got out of it quickly and was class clown and popular again and mostly because girls would freak out that i looked like liam payne from one direction .
then as time went by i done something stupid losing respect from people well so i think anyways and i became very quiet and was in the back not talking at all just always had music on being a shadow in the back .
then my father started emotionally abusing me because i was picking my clothes instead of him anymore and i wanted to dress like my favourite bands .
he called me gay for having long hair and would diss me for my style in clothing and wanted me to be like him he hit my mom as a kid too she came over when i was a kid when my grandparents were babysitting me and she came over all in blood .
at the time i did n't know the difference because i was a kid .
he hit me as a kid too but not as much because i told my mom and i told him i told my mom .
but over the years going through grade 9 till 11th i was n't that bad i just thought that i 'll show everyone one day that i can do what i want and be who i want to be and that they did n't understand me yet .
then around 11th and 12th i started separating with friends which had me to stay inside all the time in isolation .
then i started later pushing everyone away family friends i 've become socially awkward i have anxiety and suffer depression in someways i over eat i care way too much what people think now and think that everyone thinks bad of me .
i go through this paranoia most of the time if i do n't use my se and i 'll become very scared i 'll start thinking someone 's in the house hearing weird noises thinking someone 's coming to get me or something is under my bed and i 'll try to make sure i get up fast enough so that they ca n't grab me .
and i sleep with a knife beside my bed .
i 'll think that i 'm being watched or even if a vehicle is parked near me and they sometimes look at me .
far away and just leave everything behind besides my instruments i 'm sick of it all and feel stuck i 've gotten healthier but everything around me is causing someway to impact me to becoming unhealthy once again .
i 've also failed 12th grade because of my heart problem i once had that 's gone now and not going and faking sick or something and just isolate myself in my room .
i 'll stop talking about my life and more important things like thought process and beliefs .
i want to move to la or somewhere i can play music and find like minded people who are as dedicated to music as i am .
i want to sing in a band it 's been what i 've wanted to do sense i was 9 was sing and i was on and off about the rest and switching .
but i 'm too nervous to even sing in front of anyone anymore unlike as a kid i ca n't even mention i sing anymore and every time i do i 'll get uncomfortable and think they 're thinking something bad .
i 'm very adventurous and very open minded and want to travel as much as possible and try and experiment so much .
i 'm very sympathetic towards people unless they get me mad but i 'm very nice and would n't try to hurt anyone on purpose or to hurt they 're feelings unless you do something i do n't like .
if i get offended by something i usually do n't talk and feel sad and not myself .
i do n't see money as a way to make anyone happy i 'm more about passion and purpose .
when usually in my head i tend to get off track quick and my images will come and go .
if i 'm imagining something i 'll usually have the image then thing about something else come back and go again .
i also love listening to music in bed and picturing myself being the singer on stage and seeing everyone 's reaction .
i started drinking a decent amount lately and smoking which do n't help me at all but i 'm going to try and stop now .
when alone i usually go from one thing to another i 'll singing and write then guitar drums video games sing watch a movie while on my phone watch youtube play bass play piano play guitar listen to music .
it 'll switch through all of these for a few hours .
when finding someone who has same interest as me or want to adventure i become myself and very enthusiastic .
if not i 'll probably depending on my mood still talk with a bit of enthusiasm or be quiet shy and awkward .
i want to be a musician and have an artistic career being happy and doing that .
i want to later on have kids and a wife i 've thought about all of this and wanted to find the right girl since i was 13 .
i think that school ca n't give me the things i need to do music and it 's wasting my time i was never good in school either i would just tap to the song everyday for almost 8 hours straight that 's how i developed my drumming skills .
i 'll end it here and see what you think my type really is and if i 'm right about it or not .
thank you all to the people who help me !
i wan na try him out but i only have 300k .
my current receivers are 91 demaryius fb cooks 86 pryor 86 diggs .
for hof do you normalise to 11 mins sim stats ?
for example titan arms that let you gather 50 more shotgun power ammo in pvp .
my wife and i just received a pre qualification letter for 145,000 30 year fixed rate mortgage at 5.375 .
it is our first home and the first pre approval .
is it worth a damn or do i look elsewhere ?
hi guys i 'm a 22m she is a 24f .
we were in a 5 year relationship and living together .
mid-may 2017 she broke up with me suddenly no reason or excuse .
i asked her if there was someone else she said no . ''
the following next few days we make up and get back together .
we are back together about a week i felt weird about the events that unfolded and decided to snoop .
i go on her facebook and notice in her search 's a guys name .
on a side note i wasnt jealous i just wanted to know so i didnt waste my time
she breaks up with me and says nothing about the mystery man .
i decide it 's time to split we need to move to separate places .
moving day is hell she ends up being there .
we talk some i find out she is texting someone already not a surprise .
she makes it seem as if every day we spent together was a regret whatever .
a few days later we have some business to take care of to finish separating .
i told her after this i do n't want to see her anymore and i 'm blocking her number .
we are trying to finish the business and she is texting constantly .
i asked if she could put the phone down for a minute to finish this process .
she tells me she is texting mystery man and they have plans to meet up tonight and hookup .
she tells me she does n't want to go and fix things with me .
fast-forward to now and i feel like i do n't know her or what happened .
i 've beat the main story and have been starting to run around finishing off regions .
been playing for 33hours and i still have a ton to do not even been to 7 regions of the map and have alot of sidequests and locations to finish in the regions ive been to .
i heard 40 hours as an estimate time for finishing the map but that seems to underestimate the amount of content .
after the last update my frame have been abysmally low .
they went from a smooth 75 fps to around 30-40 fps .
i hope this is fixed and/or addressed soon as it is making the game damn near unplayable .
so i recently upgraded my tank last week decided to go with the tfv8 x-baby because i was sick of the ijust2 tank always leaking and getting dry hits .
so i 've had it for about a week and the first few days it hit great nice and smooth and flavorful .
all day today all i got were dry and burnt hits .
i think it may be a juice issue i 've been using 70/30 for the past few months .
could it be the juice is too thick/thin and not saturating the coil properly ?
i know the ijust2 coils were pretty crap so that was understandable but i do n't understand why i 'm getting dry and burnt hits on a brand new higher quality coil that 's only a week old .
i currently have in the .4ohm coil it says 40-80w best 55-65w on it and using it with the ijust2 battery
hey i 've seen a picture with 5-6 packs of juul pods with flavors not released yet .
i 'm wondering if anyone has any info about this and when will these be released ?
need one more member for the raid have a discord that will be linked .
welcome to another edition of whatever they throw on knr during the evening .
i have had my pixel xl 2 for a few days now .
i know that everyone talks about how the screen colors are muted .
i definitely noticed this the first day but now i ca n't even tell .
i am loving my pixel minus some texting issues when sending images .
i think that may just he an android issue though unfortunately .
so i completed a form and it gave me a link to save incase i wanted to edit it at any time .
i only saved the end of the link the unique part and do n't know how to find the beginning it 's something like docs.google
this is the eleventh installment of the official 2017 r/kpop playlists that will showcase user submitted songs .
so basically these playlists will be made by you guys !
all you have to do is comment your suggestions and i 'll add them !
try not to repeat songs that other people already suggested .
these playlists will be put on youtube so feel free to follow them .
indie music is basically music that was produced independently without the help of major record labels .
but it can also describe a genre of music .
i actually do n't know much about indie music so i hope you guys can shed some light on the genre !
even if the week is over i will still gladly take suggestions whether it be in the comment section or in a pm .
it would be much easier on me if you include links to videos that you want in the playlist .
if you ca n't link a video do n't sweat it !
if you have suggestions for future playlists feel free to let me know !
this bye week is killing me i need 2 wrs and an rb from waivers .
my only 2 rbs that have a game this week are morris and mcfadden i am a zeke owner .
the last slice of the dragonblade its really inconsistent because if the ultimate time ends the slice will get canceled when is almost finished .
it would be nice if we could finish the last slice even if the ult timer ends
i was walking down the street and saw people disguised .
i saw also two kids disguised one as the murderous movie character jason with a hockey mask and a bloody fake axe and next to a woman who was pushing a stroller another kid maybe 10 years old who was disguised as the murderous character of the movie scream with the mask and a fake but very pointy bloody knife .
kids taking as role models horrible murderers is certainly something very bad for society .
i wonder if there is an agenda behind that .
there 's already been a post on this but i wanted to emphasize the points they made .
since r is a viable evolution in the meta a bunch of people are disappointed that when you evolve r the chroma switches to the default black .
mecha malphite chromas compensate for this by adding highlights when he loses his shield .
someone already did a gimp edit on this here https m.imgur.com/a/knjej and it seems like a really good idea that would n't interfere with clarity .
i hope my favorite bug can get the chromas he deserves .
please keep all memes and market talk within this daily discussion .
meet the team 1 xu fangcheng https www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/74nkmp/meet_the_team_1_xu_fangcheng ? utm_content=comments utm_medium=front utm_source=reddit utm_name=waltonchain
meet the team 2 south korean team https www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/75fhkd/meet_the_team_2_office_in_south_korea ? utm_content=comments utm_medium=hot utm_source=reddit utm_name=waltonchain
soooooooo i dont want to make this longer than it should but this is the base i have .
i really need help with names as i suck at coming up with them but i kind of want to hear what could you add to it i would like to hear ideas and the such anything is welcomed .
as three succesor chapters joined forced to defend the world of xxxx the combined forces of the sons of the raven guard white scars and ultramarines sufered heavy casualties being left in such a state that they could never recover on their own due to the loss of material and men .
the sector was an important stop for trade-ships to resuply multiple far off worlds on the fringes of the impirium and with out it multiple worlds would starve or fall in a chain reaction due to the lack of the most basic supplies .
the worlds were not fit for mass recruitment and the place could not be left undefended to try to recruit somewhere else .
calls of help to terra fell to deaft ears reciving excuses if not straight up being ignored but they knew it was because the resouces needed to repair the damange was to great and it would be easier to leave the chapters to their own devises .
so by joining their forces and resources they stablish a base in a nearby world by using the leftovers of their crumbling ships as their new fortress-monastery .
over time a new identity was formed venerating the three fathers as a trinity no matter witch one was their original primarch they casted aside past diferences to consolidate their union .
in their eyes that union was where their strenght lied as they didnt have the power to survive alone .
and so a triunvirate was formed to represent each of the former chapters that now served under a single banner merging their cultures and colors .
because of their particular circustances using the trade rutes they made deals with governors nobles and magos from far off worlds in order to muster the men resources and gear they needed playing a political game of debts and favors making their ranks as much merchants and politicians as they were warriors .
as they got recruits from all over the place with diferent planets and cultures the chapter forged the sence of unity on them from the begginig by recruiting aspirants in threes and having them share pieces of their geneseed during the implantation process fusing them both in spirit and flesh .
making the loyalty betwen brothers absolute as they were three but become one .
because of the nature of the aliances of the chapters with the diferent worlds a council was formed by the the planetary governors the house of nobles and the merchants of the worlds that supplied the chapter and from that council two representaives of the council join one of the chapter-masters to created the second triunvirate to give them a voice the chapter could hear to repay their debts .
but such is the case that after the three original legions returned to a shadow of their former strenght inquisitors of terra were assigned to keep a close eye on them .
the legion was still codex compliant but only by tecnicality due to them being in theory three diferent legions but their bast numbers served under a single banner making some higher ups off terra uneasy as the chapter had a huge numbers of men and worlds aiding them across the galaxy fearing their actions could become treacherous as they builded up a little imperium of conexions .
to enssure their loyalty magos and inquisitors were called to judge the equipment that was being imported from the different worlds and limited the growth of the legion despite the oposition of the chapter .
and so a third triunvirate was made as to apease terra .
due to the lack of a nearby forge world capable of fufiling the demand for the large number of astartes under their banner and the interference of terra the chapter usualy fell short on the most basic of equipment making most of their forces ill equiped and forced to use anything they could get a hold off in order to arm themselves but because of their deals and aliances the more renoun members of the chapter usualy got a hold of rare weapons and relics that rogue traders and merchants brough to them .
i am trying to install chrome through microsoft intune and the laptop that is installing the chrome has an error 1603 .
i do n't see a recent post on this 8 months is the most recent i can find .
i just got my lg v20 a few days ago from sprint and i 'm getting 125 mbps down at home .
i wa n't to construct a good ladder deck in 4k9-5k2 range troophy
so i decided to play a ballon cycle deck instead of hog cycle because my hog is only lvl 9 while my ballon it 's level 7 !
so it 's better for me to use ballon but i was wondering if in this deck i do the choice between tesla cannon
the cannon advantages cost less elixir than tesla so cycle faster pull better the agro
knowing that my only troops that hit air it 's my archers so the tesla can be a solution for the extra support air but i do n't know ...
what do you thinks it 's the better choice for me ?
backstory earlier this year i spent a couple of weeks convincing my dad it was time to make arrangements to put down our elderly family dog who was going deaf and could barely walk from arthritis .
she was originally my dog but i left them with her when i got married and moved because the other dogs were her pack she was happy there and she adored my dad and vice versa .
it was an incredibly difficult emotional time and my ubpdmom kept making it worse complaining about the cost of a home visit by the vet wanting to be the one to control everything and i finally told her to butt out and let us handle it .
she sent me an cruel hurtful barrage of text messages only minutes after my dog had passed away about how i never consider her feelings .
i blocked her for about a month and since then had n't heard a peep from her until yesterday .
it was n't outright mean angry or insulting but it left me feeling kind of unsettled .
i 'll transcribe it here leaving out names for obvious reasons .
did you receive photos of 2 yr old niece and 6 month old nephew with the pumpkins ?
your sister-in-law is usually too frazzled to tend niece 's hair so i do it often and the color of brown and especially the fine texture was yours as a child .
i enjoyed all those years of combing your hair and combing your younger sister 's hair it was arts and crafts for me . ''
i was like an arts and crafts project for her when i was a toddler ?
like how on earth am i supposed to respond to that ?
i showed it to my husband and he was more upset that she brushed our argument and her horrible behavior to me several months ago under the rug .
i told him that part was n't a surprise it 's par for the course with her .
she 'll never apologize for anything i came to terms with that many years ago .
my main reasons for posting i need a translation am i reading it wrong ?
should i just play the game and make small talk ?
my husband says i do n't have to reply and he 's right but from experience not replying to ubpd mom is like leaving an un-diffused landmine just lying there waiting for it to explode .
any words of wisdom would be appreciated or even just reassurance that i 'm not crazy for being wary of her would be much appreciated !
finish medium some of that mashbill 1 fruitiness coming in .
overall i think this pick beats the regular off the shelf bt .
ethanol is very subdued and some of my favorite notes are ramped up a bit .
buffalo trace is a great value especially for what it brings to the table .
for those that are new buffalo trace scores my median score or a rank 5 as a benchmark baseline to compare all others to in the bourbon landscape .
i think this pick ramps up the caramel notes and a good deal of vanilla and faint cocoa that i like in the original so much .
2-5 sucks there is no other way to say it .
being a bc fan since birth i am used to losing seasons and eventual disappoint in winning seasons you were the buttheads who derailed us at 2 back in '07 .
so let me polish this turd of a season for you
bc was your first real bad loss this season the rest of your 4 losses are excusable and most can be classified as 'bad beats ' .
you have lost to the current ap 1 9 20 and the reigning heisman 3 of your losses were within a td .
if francois was not injured you very well could 've been 5-1 heading to the heights with much more confidence and probably would 've beaten us .
2-5 is more of a product of losing francois in week 1 having cfb 's 1 strength-of-schedule https www.usatoday.com/sports/ncaaf/sagarin and being unlucky .
your program is still great the 2017 season is just a bad beat for fsu football .
i setup a edger router lite at the house and i setup a simple l2tp server on the box .
the setup was humming along with out fail for over a week when suddenly today i can not get more than 1 meg of traffic in either direction .
i also can not move a file from a remote server to client it just stalls out .
cpu does go up but not to 100 during traffic with offload off
adjust the mtu down to 1300 then back to 1480
the connection builds out just fine but the throughput is horrible .
i had a amazing connection with this tunnel for weeks with no issue .
i have not blown away the l2tp config and started over yet .
the config had not changed before the traffic issues .
i have not blown away the box and set it up again to try one of the other ports for egress tunnel port
i have not started the wire shark up yet to see how much if any fragmentation and malformed packets are occurring .
i had a great solution that worked and i would have figured i would have encountered these sorts of issues in the test and shake phase of this little project
i am wide open to some ideas and debugs i should run down .
i do n't mind if sex is discussed as a topic as long as it is n't being advocated for/encouraged in the story .
i 'm pretty conservative so i want to avoid authors who are super progressive and have sexuality in their books .
also i 'd like these to be victorian or older if possible .
these new rappers with their retarded hair singing about the same few things and using the same lyrics over the same-sounding repetitive beats .
their voices sound bad they are as smart as a goldfish and they have no creativity whatsoever .
katy perry 's swoosh swoosh is the worst song i 've heard from her yet and taylor swifts new song is equally as shitty .
i 'm talking about mainstream music here sure there are some indie bands or whatever you would call them that sound alright but nothing too great really .
many years ago i used to play uo had tons of fun and liked a lot of features that i think rs also has so i 've been thinking on giving it a try .
having said that i am currently not able to download the client for some reason and the whole runescape old school '' thing confuses me a little .
each cs go key you will get 16 card sets equivalent to 1600 xp .
each tf2 key you will get 12 card sets equivalent to 1200 xp .
every 220 gems will get you 1 card set equivalent to 100 xp .
! help show you the commands and what they do
! owner show the admin profile if you have any problems you may contact me
! stats show current amount of bot currencies sets gems keys
! level your dream level calculate how many sets and how many keys it will cost to desired level
! check show how many sets the bot have available and how much you can craft
! check amount show how many sets and which level you would reach for a specific amount of keys
! checktf amount show how many sets and which level you would reach for a specific amount of keys
! checkgems amount show how many sets and which level you would reach for a specific amount of gems
! buy amount of cs go keys use to buy that amount of cs go keys for sets you dont have following the current bot rate
! buytf amount of tf keys use to buy that amount of tf keys for sets you dont have following the current bot rate
! buygems amount of sets use to buy that amount of sets for gems following the current bot rate
! buyany amount of cs go keys use to buy that amount of cs go keys for any sets following the current bot rate
! buyone amount of cs go keys use this if you are a badge collector .
bot will send only one set of each game following the current bot rate
! buyonetf amount of tf keys use this if you are a badge collector .
bot will send only one set of each game following the current bot rate
! buygemsone amount of sets use this if you are a badge collector .
! sell amount of cs go keys use to sell your sets for cs go key s
! sellgems amount of sets use to sell your sets for gems
! selltf amount of tf keys use to sell your sets for tf key s
! sellcheck amount of cs go keys use to check information about sets you can sell
holding down the shutter for the burst seems to have a slower rapid shot rate .
i 've submitted feedback on it but am curious if anyone else is experiencing this .
i think that 's what the skin is called ...
anyway i 'm currently level 27 and i was wondering if the promotion of getting the skin for makoa when you become level 30 is still going on
here in the usa its pretty hard to make it out of high school without having to do at least four book reports on the subject .
i made a basic pubg discord bot in python for my server .
i know there are other pubg bots out there but i could n't find any that provided the source code .
i also like to be able to customize things how i want and this seemed like a good project to do while learning how to make a bot for discord .
i am not a programmer i just like to tinker with stuff so i 'm sure there are better ways to do this .
for this to work you 'll need the discord https github.com/rapptz/discord.py and pubg tracker https github.com/lbrictson/pypubg python wrappers .
if you do n't know how to make a discord bot there are plenty of tutorials out there .
itconnected https www.youtube.com/channel/ucyte7e0llmqw3s4oox-7rqq/videos has some pretty good videos that i found helpful .
the day after i got it working they changed the way the data is presented p then when the leaderboards were down between seasons it just threw errors .
i might make future commits to github if there are issues or changes with the api .
it 's supposed to be a 'module ' and be imported into your bot .
it makes it easier to updated and make changes .
order of names game modes or region when entered does n't matter .
if your name is a game mode or region this wo n't work for you .
should correct most other errors or at least output something .
edit currently the api is disabled '' on their site and no api keys are being given out .
edit2 after asking about it they say that they 're working on changes to the api and that they hope to have it back up this week sometime
all of the hard work and struggles have paid off !
i have an interview at the house of representatives in my states capitol !
it 's the first step towards my career in politics !
imho the constellation investment in cannopy weed/twmjf opens the door/eyes of other large entities to come into our marketplace and either take a large stake or completely buyout another producer .
who would you think is at the top of that list that would be both an easy low cost buyout/investment for some other big company and the most attractive ?
i want to listen to some pop music that sounds like rock .
by that i mean that i want to hear electronic beats and modern pop melodies with the raw energy and vocal delivery that you might expect from a punk song .
i have an idea in my mind if how that would sound and i 'm thinking about making some songs like this someday so i thought that it would help me to listen to songs like this that other people have made .
but i have n't been able to find anything yet .
after several near misses with my cutter i am convinced that more stc space traffic control is necessary around stations .
evidently there is some sort of queueing system '' but only the docking computer knows about it and observes it .
pilots docking manually or any pilot undocking have no clue to determine whether the mail slot will be vacant for the next 15 seconds or not .
at least the station could feed some information about the queues to the ships cockpit when a docking or undocking request is submitted e.g .
have a window appear in the hud that shows what place in the docking/undocking queue the ship has .
the station could also feed camera views or schematic views of the ships position and orientation relative to the mail slot .
slightly ranty but i am so tired of asking around for ideas and places to look for a mofo job in newmexico .
and the only thing i get feels like sarcasm instead .
i 'm trying to help myself looking through indeed.com slowly making a colabertive place again .
i f'n hate this medocrity thing of oh just work for 9.75 flipping burgers and 20 jobs just scrape by ... .
then their 's this gloopy weird lame dark cloud .
and one we could share a few days at time to see if it 'd actully work .
say happy halloween and much meriment to you and yours as a just done thing to a grocery clerk her oh .
you meen when the pilgrims gave a bunch of people plague ?
what 's so great about that '' ... her friend 'he 's just being friendly ! '
she snaps something about 'i do n't get haloween !
i 'm just so tired of all this gloom and doom have had enough of people here all about mediocrity .
i 'm tired of wetblankets or sarcastic half baked ideas to get unstuck for when/if my project gets going .
to not try to have some sense of winter festivities .
and can we please stop skipping the november part ?
in a double-blind study we want to compare two variants of the treatment .
the 100 volunteers are assigned a random number from 1 to 10000 .
those with numbers 1 to 3500 are placed in the control group 3501 to 6750 receive treatment 1 and 6751 to 10000 receive treatment 2 .
considering only the placement of one patient what sort of distribution are we looking at ?
what is the probability that the experiments wind up with 34 participants in the control group 37 with treatment 1 and therefore 29 with treatment 2 ?
present you https gridcash.net services for traffic monetization by mining cryptocurrency from browser .
also you can apply to our support and get your money in bitcoin btc or webmoney wmz wallets .
new is n't saying anything about this just logged in for the night cycle and ca n't do shit now .
edit it 's just takes ages to start the rule of bitching about something fixing it immediately strikes again .
but i do n't have insurance and ca n't afford a hospital stay .
my brother said he did't pay for anything but i do n't know i 'm nervous about taking that risk that i 'll be broke and without a job when i get out
i 'm writing my graduate thesis about nuclear deterrence and the validity of nuclear weapons in post cold war '' i still think personally that we just changed a few things about the cold war and still live in one era i based some of my early author research on two pre existing bibliographies
what i 'm now looking is a more current researcher or academic in the field to shed some updated views on the topics
p.s if anyone would wants to discuss nuclear deterrence i 'm all for it !
i 've been working on something that needs sftp connectivity and i 'm having issues using net sftp with v04 .
there is a github issue https github.com/net-ssh/net-sftp/issues/66 for the problem i 'm seeing .
are there any alternatives to net sftp for sftp connectivity ?
neither google nor rubygems has not shown me anything useful .
note that something like fun_sftp that wraps net sftp is not likely to work either
i 'm using my rpi for a pi hole and i 'd like to be able to reset it when it does n't detect an internet connection for a period of time .
my internet was down all last night but when it came back i could n't access the rpi until i power cycled .
i just ordered my first hardware wallet i ended up going with the trezor .
am i able to view my balance from any device without the wallet in hand ?
similar to how i can just go on coinbase and see what i 've made ?
what are some things i need to absolutely avoid or make sure of to ensure i 'm truly safe ?
anything you wish you knew before going with a hardware wallet ?
playing from playstation i do n't have any input '' lag because i can set the tv to gaming mode .
but when i play on the pc i ca n't get the tv to select gaming mode .
as mentioned in the title i 'm getting laser eye surgery in a week and would like to still keep the small amount of bjj knowledge i 've gained in the last year or so .
i 'll need to stop bjj for a month or so after from what i 've gathered
are there any suggestions for drills that i can do at home that i can work on while i 'm off the mats ?
i have friends to do drills with too if necessary but i 'm kind of worried if i get a knee to the eye as well .
alternatively i also have a gym membership so i can lift/use the classroom if needed !
to be fair those indy guys do n't move like they 're older .
i love kane and matt hardy but those guys do not move in the ring like they used to at all .
i 'm not at all against them still being around and getting wins and such not at all .
i love that kane is back and i do n't expect him pulling off top rope clotheslines and i love that he 's getting to be a monster again .
but they do n't put on the flashy matches they used to .
guys like roode and aj still put on high energy and high mobility matches .
kane and such still have a place in wwe but it 's not the same role as guys like aj and joe even if they 're similar in decades spent in the business .
i really cant handle a rain delay ... .mainly because im gon na struggle to stay awake as it is
they ca n't figure out how to cut taxes on the rich raise taxes on everyone else have it come in under budget and get 50 votes in the senate .
it 's more about perfecting the sauce which begins with a bechamel sauce base .
on the hard-to-master scale a good bechamel is maybe a three .
there are tons of good yt videos to get you started and once you can make a bechamel you can make cream soups cheese sauces fondues and gravy so it 's definitely worth the minimal effort .
we need people to make games and/or services on android and ios for this initially and keep community up .
i 've had nice and quite moments there and i 've had totally crazy salsa in your face there !
please check out azúcar which is right next door to ball and chain !
it 's a really cute ice cream shop with great flavors !
i provided evidence and you refuse to debate me about it unless i do more .
you just claim it is n't evidence but wo n't say why .
even if i did take more time to bullet the articles that inevitably wo n't be enough and i 'll have to do more .
keep moving those goalposts i 've seen this game before .
you did n't actually expect me to provide evidence and now you 're stuck in a loop .
i imagine it was more along the lines of your son does n't go to jail for life '' .
according to the indictment against manafort a similar tack is being taken with him he used his daughter to get a favorable loan against properties he owned .
50 x 1000 x 1.2 60,000g that 's a heavy backpack but i 'm willing to take a few breaks
look into the food pyramid it discusses many of the serving sizes and what foods are better for you lean meat and fish as opposed to fatty meats like steak .
when it comes to veggies dark green things are often full of iron citrus has vitamin c and sweet potatoes are more nutritious than baking potatoes .
do n't fry anything eat sweets white bread or use a lot of salt/sodium products and you will be off to a good start .
as someone who grew up on processed food canned veggies and fruit cups the switch to healthy eating was a process and at first i did n't like a lot of the freshly cooked veggies .
playing around with seasoning your food can really help .
i 'm a big fan of dill and red pepper flakes .
you may want to try gradually introducing healthy foods and try to incorporate a few healthy meals a week .
i do n't think you need to be overly concerned about vitamins at this point .
eating a balanced diet off of what you learn when researching the food pyramid should keep you on track .
if you have a medical condition though you may want to speak to your doctor about your concerns .
if you are worried about vitamins you could start taking a daily multi-vitamin .
ah yes the old confide in a home depot guy '' therapy technique
it is a fallacy but it is also true .
we as a people must demand the president enforce the law as he is sworn to do .
we can not leave to the political will the enforcement of law .
idk why but this has me laughing so hard i 'm in tears .
oh now i would n't call myself a band wagon fan but now i would just say i 'm a rays fan
is it one big open world or do people have their own servers type thing
jfk and newark are best nj transit or lirr if you 're going to midtown path or subway if you 're going downtown .
more likely to be able to make a come back .
my biggest gripe is a lack in matchmaking skill analysis since they hurt community servers soooo badly .
they 're also gon na change up most weapons end result of faster time to kill .
it 's awesome that my wife is getting serious about being healthy but is a two day clease/fast the best way to do it ?
i got cranky when i started my diet 2 months ago and i was eating three meals a day ...
line of the night was the silence that came after booker announce daniel bryan got what he deserved ''
i feel like this would be better reserved for another future character .
someone proposed making resurrect a channeled ability so mercy ca n't ga to the dead press a button ga to the backline she needs to stay close and channel for a while meaning it would be risky .
you do n't feel like you miss out on features such as m.2 or usb c that exist on newer boards ?
yes you could add swimming to your schedule without killing muscle gains .
i would start by doing it once a week for 30-45 minutes .
but anecdotally look at all the big olympic swimmers who lift and swim for hours and stay jacked .
guess the surge does n't start till q1 2018 .
hopefully you guys do n't have any issues then with mp loading to little !
was staying away from inventory helper due to all the reports i was seeing of it being spyware now .
because skier runs out of them within a minute everybody wants one to put sights on their akm 's
lol same those things were the reason i started bringing my own lunch
looks like mind fuzz ran through the dreamscopeapp any time stamp for the video ?
just keep passing the puck guys i 'll just sit here
i could have it dropped off if it came down to it . ''
if it were trump he would 've laundered the money through a failed private hotel deal .
and bananas twice who i imagine will be ssbmrank this year
both rusev and big e would be better wwe champions by far than jinder mahal .
yall got any more of them comments on the actual game ?
i enjoyed my day and somehow preferred the burpees over palms to elbows ?
you siad it 's not smith it 's newbies .
you do n't know who it was just like we dont .
i did n't say you 're not being specific enough .
that 's 250 for the 4gb version too and 100 dollars over a 1050ti .
for sure you 're getting a nice performance uplift for that but it 's not 100 dollars better for someone on the system that person has .
you sure you need to rights to print your own ?
if you 're not selling them i highly doubt it 's that enforcable
you work to make money so you can live your life .
if you ca n't live your life why work there ?
lie like fuck get the day off day you 've had a pipe burst in your apartment .
but in 40 years time will you sit and dandle your grandchildren on your lap and tell them about the time you worked a saturday in a dead-end job or will you tell them about the saturday you saw robert fucking plant ?
it wo n't even run for me and steam wo n't issue a refund .
also i hope you get the irony if making a joke post about people coming back home to the catholic church and then mocking and insulting people who want to learn more about it .
regardless it 's not welcome here or anywhere else on our sub .
i wan na see puig drop a fly ball just to bring him down a few rungs .
yeah we had no idea it was only limited to 4 drones as it had just gotten them out .
and the numbers just did n't feel right with 4 drones who were each able to outmaneuver us every turn .
ramming it felt like literally the only possible outcome that would have any chance of success .
this is how you should be greeting a racist .
old-school holds hilda and zelda remain the best holds hilda and zelda .
i drink a soda with lunch and dinner every day !
then when i do cut every once in a while i cut it back to 1 soda a day .
on a cut i eat in-n-out at least 3 days a week .
i get a 4 meat 2 cheese light spread protein style french fry and a medium coke its in the same parking lot as my gym .
its not about what you eat its when you eat it and how you balance your daily meals .
20 minutes of cardio or i play pick up hockey
can you tell me more about your experience and why you do n't like it ?
it 's not just that they also have little to no adrenaline state training .
if you think firing at a moving target in a stressful situation is anything like calm and relaxed time at the range you need to go home and rethink your life .
my friend who lives in the fan said he had to park 6 blocks away from home tonight and this almost never happens .
guessing parents shuttled kids in to get better '' areas
well it is n't the first time racism was the winner in a feud .
i 'll do the same with my eredivisie players if a feyenoord player gets the card
but i think like 200 times more people in this world would say that this is the game with more rng .
but i i hear is i left hs because it was too expensive for me '' or wow i finally became legend something i never did in hs !
ehhhhh well maybe you dont earn enough money then and suck at card games so you flee to smaller easier ones ?
the reason is this game doesnt have a single thing where its better than hs anymore .
everyone of you would rather be a professional hs pro rather than a professional tesl pro but well it 's just too hard in hs because it 's more skillfull .
she can feel something gets dizzy and freaks and then just passes out/falls down .
i 'll probably be downvoted into oblivion for this unpopular fact that only applies to me but i check btc price more than once a day .
i did n't think this was actually real until some guy in a cesspool wow guild started harassing me relentlessly for a duel after i said no .
i just did n't feel like dueling someone 40 levels higher than me at the time which led to this person spamming guild chat and trade chat about how much a noob i was it was fun for a bit until it got really annoying to receive a whisper every two seconds so on the ignore list he went .
that 's not even an exciting tale but i genuinely never expected to actually experience it just ... why ?
for some reason the specificity of the era and the fact that it was vase and not vases really sealed the deal for me .
maybe barry 's just got too much goin on up there to retain all of it .
your right i was n't even putting that together when i was talking about yuna .
its just the way i see vincent i see him being a vanguard more then a marksmen
just doing cosmetics does n't necessarily mean you 're a ricer .
if you go all out and blow all the money you have on stupid cosmetics you are .
imagine what would now happen if china helped georgia instead ?
it would grow their influence tremendously and make us uncomfortable .
i was born and lived in florida until i was 12 .
we owned a camper boat and often used it on the weekends on the st. johns waterways .
we were often stopped by the sherriff 's deputies boats and our equipment inspected .
said to require at least 2 oars or paddles in case the motor failed a horn we carried one of those aerosol-can disposable horns which were acceptable a life jacket of the correct size and type that will keep an unconscious persons face upward and out of the water for every person on board a pail or bucket suitable for bailing the boat by hand .
we carried a flare gun too but i do n't think that was required .
reverse frankensteiner off a ladder ... maybe through a table as well
i 'm so glad nintendo is back on top of their game .
they 've been doing this shit longer than sony and microsoft combined and still have n't given in to this garbage anti-consumer race to the bottom that seems to be all the rage with other devs .
tell her it 's like a hairdresser the first one is n't always the good one
i went through bullying too and i ended up with bpd.it took years but i 'm getting better .
i legit think toyotaro 's manga version of super so far is the definitive version of it .
he actually goes out of his way to explain many things and give proper fan service when he needs to .
i genuinely hope one day toei toriyama give him the ok to do his own full arc with a personally made villain for the manga/anime .
if there is ever a single db fan who can compete with toriyama himself on illustrating writing and can create an amazing arc ... its 100 toyotaro .
dad asked for procedure they did it without asking mom first .
a spiritual successor to tenchu is what i 'm hoping for too but i would expect the onimusha comparisons will be closer to the reality .
h2h 8 cat i need bigs he needs smalls .
you can either buy reddi-whip or get a dispenser that uses nitrous chargers and your own whipping cream mixture .
i disagree that the 1500 hour rule counts as a barrier to entry in that way .
presumably because every person who was going to enter the airlines before can get hours they can get 1500 hours .
and besides just because something makes sense does n't mean it had to have happened that way .
theres plenty of reasons that pay would have risen anyways .
the constitution/bor does n't give us rights it protects our natural '' god-given '' rights .
it 's a natural right to keep and bear arms and the government is supposed to protect that right .
there 's thousands of far left hugboxes on the internet these guys are the dregs of a forum that has n't been relevant in years they absolutely do not deserve coverage here in kia anymore than something awful or shakesville
hey slime rat jr did it occur to you the candy is free in the first place ...
historical figures need to be graded on a curve .
lincoln was a racist however he was when it counted an abolitionist .
if every decision maker and politician is expected to be a saint no progress will be made toward a more fundamental equality .
is a lesson from your life that anyone needs to make sure they work on themselves ?
sitting around waiting for a girl does n't work .
you really put yourself out there and challenged yourself ?
tonight 's risp stat was n't ideal but tomorrow will be different .
it 's the final game and all chips need to put on the table .
i doubt you 've ever been a manager anywhere with the bull shit you 've been spewing all over this thread .
with your three whole years of experience and what-not .
yea fuck that guy and he was mad that we booed his ass when he played for us
i have degree in computer science so i learned the basics in college .
watching this you see just how much they accomplished and how quickly..at a time where k-pop was not as global as it is now ... true legends that paved the path
i 'm questioning my purpose in my undergrad i ca n't imagine what it 'd be like for a grad student !
i think we should go with azpili on the left christensen in the middle and rudiger to the right .
she said i would rather have like a bag of chips or something human skin gives me a rash
is n't this an issue because selecting unlimited video memory is essentially a manual override for the game downscaling graphics settings when needed ?
i feel you as someone from a polish family omg .
i can tolerate the high-quality flavoured 25-30 stuff but my mom literally has a bottle of 70 vodka and i do n't get how/why she likes it !
lmc will not lose they hit darvish well and ken giles will get the save .
well i 'm sorry you had to go through that .
i guess i have no place to claim i know what andy dick was putting people on the set through nor can i claim to know whether or not his conduct can be elevated to the level of assault .
there 's a hint of colored pencil on there to strengthen some shadows .
they do n't deserve that kind of disrespect they are hard working people .
if there are many thread of this situation then there are solutions there put two and two together how bout ya
as i thought it 's potentially game breaking giving everyone huge nuking ability .
per multiple league sources a trade becomes official only when both teams independently communicate the trade to the league office .
it definitely does n't happen as the browns claim they tried to do it with chain of communication involving one team sending a form to the other team which then signs the form and sends it to the league .
and so here are the potential explanations for what 's going on .
one the browns are lying about what happened to cover up their incompetence .
two the browns are telling the truth and are genuinely incompetent .
three the browns deliberately sent the paperwork to the bengals and not to the league office in order to keep the trade from happening with a premeditated did i do that ? already in place .
i do n't see why not the code is your ip .
6 innings of 2 run ball is a great outing .
basically a meet up where people put together gunpla together ?
that would be too far of a drive to buy weed .
i do n't care what your fancy analytics show it sucks ass and is completely unrealistic .
i think that 's a great trade for you .
best to cash in on mcf when his value is high and uncertain i think .
in my mind the 4th switch is at the top .
that sec bias won out in a close one 20-19 but it was on the road .
of you are having trouble with food tasting bad start with adding hot sauce to it until you get used to the texture .
i think i read here that you need to try things a few times and ways before you can say you do n't like it and something at least 20 times before you can set it aside .
if you still hate it after you 've tried it several times in each recipe then you can say you do n't like broccoli .
it 's not just that massive wars were started under bush and in 7 months trump has already exceeded obama 's entire civilian body count from 2 terms not the rate i mean the total number has already been exceeded
yet all you ever hear on the issue is crocodile tears about the evil warmonger obama or hillary while silence and approval on trump .
opinion of vladimir putin after it was revealed he sabotaged the us elections to get republicans into power
no joke republicans seem to be some sort of sociopaths who only use morality as a weapon when they think that they can make real functioning people feel bad when it comes to their own they just do n't care whereas that does n't happen when it 's dems among dems they actually get to their positions based on real principals and remain consistent .
unless you 're doing a ton of research and buying used about 300 should be your minimim budjet unless you find a great deal .
in what game do you need more than six buttons ?
i give parents the benefit of the doubt many many times usually in the cases when their child is doing something that they literally can not get under control in enough time e.g .
temper tantrums if the kid gets into mischief momentarily as they 're not being monitored etc .
if you 're a parent and your kids are running up and down the restaurant you 've fucked up .
keep them at the table it 's for their safety and the staff 's safety .
do i have to change it is not the case with '' to this/that is not the case with '' ?
which is the best here it this or that ?
you 're job hunting because you got fired last week for making an ass of yourself over a payroll issue-same thing you 're doing here .
you have a wall o ' text how mean your previous employer was ...
i bet they threw a party when you got canned .
do us all a favour do n't show up for orientation ok ?
he has an amazing ability to make dead eyes .
ironically indonesians think our country 's malay vocabulary/usage is archaic containing words their grandparents would use .
is n't there a limit to how many times the same song can be posted within a week or something ?
i 've seen this at least half a dozen times in less than a week
you did n't but you 've indicated that as it is democrats are n't already moderate .
i 'm not calling you full shit either i 'm referring to those moderates '' who supported trump and are still pretending that they can still call themselves moderates .
looking at the sun is bad but you might get away with it at sunrise when it 's weaker .
sometimes i think it 's just better to move on .
i 'm not sure if it happened here but going on about it can seem patronizing .
with the second girl for instance i think it would have been better to just answer something like well north korea is n't exactly at the top of my list right now but i 'm game for pretty much anywhere else .
no need to get into explanations and semantics when you can just drive the conversation back into the right direction .
i really like this ikea approach both from a developer relations and a security point of view !
yesterday i was up and running again only a few minutes after i was pointed to the issue request new psk with a unique id plug those in instead of client_identity and the master psk and go .
in the process i also now comply with the ikea request to not store the master '' psk .
i think this is basically what rally cars have currently rear difs are uncoupled or center not sure and rear brakes are activated .
this chain of comments is literally just about trump 's broken campaign promises otherwise known as lies .
nowhere in this chain did anyone bring up or ask to be brought up the worst things that trump has done .
rules reminder r/justnomil does not tolerate shaming or trolling of any kind .
if anyone gets a pm from iznotiz thebroodybaron or another troll click here .
https www.reddit.com/r/justnomil/wiki/trolls do n't report things just because you do n't like or believe them. https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=slkao_pox5a .
do n't be shitty https media.giphy.com/media/l3v0csobfjvvnsszu/giphy.gif this is a support sub .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/justnomil if you have any questions or concerns .
from my experience if they miss the deadline a courtesy notice will still get mailed to the registered address and there will be a new deadline with no penalty .
granted i 've only had one parking ticket from the city of oakland .
i basically just blew it off past the due date for no particular reason and they just sent me a letter saying that i had indeed received a ticket .
i believe that this will lead to some of the most damming evidence against him .
she used to have that in her little candy dish all the time i do n't even know where you can get those at .
i grew up mormon but got out in my early teens so i do n't get this costume
2 month old account negative comment karma saying things like trigger and safe space ... what 's your deal fella ?
what type of deals can you find on laptops during bf ?
first time i 'll be purchasing one in 6 years and i 'm very anxious .
i am happy to hear the parade was not canceled .
thousands of people would have been downtown getting ready with no idea this was happening .
it would have caused more chaos and panic to shut it down and move all those people rather than let the already very organized flow and move on .
at that time vehicles including buses would already be waiting at the end of route .
so many police are at the parade with barricades .
also heard offensive thing on the radio stating is your mother dumb .
some of these corporate radio host assholes care more about their platform rather than their mothers
he literally has the exact same of drops as juju .
for fucks sake do you people not know what a drop is ?
they do a soft reset if that 's what you mean but the hidden mmr still remains
i 'm sure trump has zero moral objection to being a part of this damn mess if they did think to include him .
though if i was being all treason-y i would n't let people like trump or carter page know because they ca n't shut their fucking mouths for 2 seconds .
marv obviously was not the brains behind the wet bandits and the sticky bandits but he was still more than willing to fully participate in the crimes against kevin mccallister .
two naked teenagers came to my house and asked me for candy ! ''
please create said lute item as an in-game evocable goes inert after use like similar items that creates a very high noise very low damaging aura much like the screaming sword generates .
this is the kind of thing i like seeing in this community .
long run in my future field would have a rewarding salary
speaking of that you should possibly think about relocating .
may be hard to leave family and move but you have good english skills and software pays wayyy more and is in extremely high demand in certain areas like sf bay where the starting salary for a software engineer is easily over 100k/year .
just something to think about if you can network and find a company that can sponsor you for an h1b visa .
subsections 1 through 3 do not apply to any of the following
e. a person who for any lawful purpose carries an unloaded pistol revolver or other dangerous weapon inside a closed and fastened container or securely wrapped package which is too large to be concealed on the person . ''
i always thought joe jr would have enjoyed a game of horse when it gets to h-o and h-o-r. not saying i do n't enjoy it either but for a different reason of course .
thank you for posting this i wanted to know before trying to finish downloading this game but after reading this my main 2 issues 1. how long before i get totally bored with the lack of skill features 2. why the dam thing take so long to download !
i finished fallout 4 in 6hours i finshed dao in 4 and d3 my character is already max and 2 day of season so ?
i feel you man happened to me last time with the i-301 ...
you want to create a strong north american and worldwide brand .
fach and lavoie really help build your brand in canada however 10 back suffers from the top american name moderate international success .
you put up more wins on the pwba in the few years you get out of liz than the majority of your roster on pba amleto scores some seniors victories on the seniors tour .
you want to make your brand popular now but also a strong future
you have a good upstart in fach/lavoie/maldonado however after 5 years pass you 're not getting much out of amleto and liz
you want your brand to appeal to the masses .
you get the big brand ambassador in liz but the lack of personality from the roster fails to hit mass audience
10 back bowling gets a c for the roster .
as someone who works in mental health though not a psychiatric unit specifically i get annoyed by the 'asylum/institution of crazy murderers ' trope but can usually give enough leeway if the media is still worthwhile .
plus most media that uses this trope does something to emphasize that their portrayal of mental illness is not the norm .
sure the mount massive asylum from outlast does n't exactly portray the people in the asylum in the nicest light .
but it 's established that there was some abnormal supernatural bullshit going on in there and that it 's the fault of the people running the place who 'did n't know what they were messing with ' that everything is so fucked up .
i do n't normally like jumping to conclusions about people 's world views from just their fictional writing .
but it 's telling how cage sees people with mental illnesses when he makes a game filled with evil-cult-lead matrix-gimping illuminati bullshit and the one thing that does n't have a supernatural explanation is why the bellevue asylum is filled with psychotic weirdos who claw at anyone who passes them and are liable to murder someone if they 're 'let out of the cage ' .
kudos to the best friends for calling this shit out .
i do n't see anyone with a disability being forced to stand .
without context this is just bashing women not men 's rights .
find one real source for someone that was put on that list just for public urination .
yes i know laws are on the book for a few states .
actually most uncontrolled airports are class g at the surface .
here 's the low down ... teleconverters add reach to your existing lenses at the cost of aperture and some image quality and some af speed .
a 1.4x will eat away one stop of aperture a 2x will eat away two stops of aperture—so an f/2.8 lens would become an f/4 or f/5.6 say .
bear in mind that some camera bodies will lose the ability to autofocus with some or all of their autofocus points at various maximum apertures as a result .
so if you use an f/4 lens and add a 2x extender the maximum aperture becomes f/8 and some bodies for example would only be able to focus using the center point or not at all—you have to look at the capabilities of the body to know its limitations there .
there is a drop in image quality but obviously not as bad as simply cropping in an image so it 's still worth it in terms of resolution .
decent 1.4x extenders tend to only marginally decrease image quality pretty safe to use whereas 2x extenders tend to be more noticeably deleterious .
i 'm assuming you 'd be using good quality extenders such as the oem ones not cheaper generic ones as then obviously there 's no telling how much you 'd be compromising image quality .
so there 's no free lunch obviously a lens that is natively longer will likely be better across the board ... but also much more expensive and larger/heavier to carry etc .
unfortunately i 'm struggling with money far too much to consider buying a console just for one game even on a good sale .
http store.steampowered.com/app/42960/victoria_ii one of those map staring simulators that only appeals to people who love watching a map slowly change colors but i love it .
also elway did n't bud as much as a more desperate team for a bad qb '' is n't a positive .
if elway had that much cap space he would 've given it to brock
do n't make me question what is posted on the internet .
it 'll just tell you what item they got and scammed you out of ?
how are you going to land a huricane blast on shinobi after he kicks into backflip ?
most of this shit has been in tabloids for years .
what 's with people downvoting people playing in a group the way they want ?
that 's supposed to be the spirit of commander .
this has to be a southern african country namibia zimbabwe south africa botswana etc .
you have been given one point for this answer .
feels so much better not having to deal with public transport .
well it was n't that long ago that same sex relationships in australia were a criminal offence .
why is it surprising that some people think it still should be ?
in the shoulder then he fell in the water .
not that hard to say he froze himself until he healed .
i want to kiss ur vagana for 2 hrs then put my 1 feet pinus in ur vegana u will happy
this comment would have been funny as fuck to me if you left it at
the rest is just awkward cringy and unnecessary it ruins the whole comment .
if you left it where i suggested it would be obviously ironic .
adding the extra effort makes it look like you 're just fucking weird .
then you just solidified your spergness with that edit lmao
i do she has tons of charisma personality and she 's ok in the ring .
but i guess the last one is subjective unless the wrestler is just atrocious and can barely move or if he/she is just excellent .
marijuana is n't the gateway ... the dealer is .
a pharmacist does n't ask oh you want some ibuprofen but have you tried morphine ?
i do n't think there is anyway to explain my reasoning and logic to you without this dragging on for far too long
so yes i wrote this and have been debating since putting it up on amino whether to post it here or not .
on one hand i do n't like to self-promote which by reddit rules this is .
but on the other i put a lot of time and effort into it and think it may be useful to anyone that wanders into r/bap wanting to know more about b.a.p 's music .
i also keep encouraging people to submit more stuff and participate when i am abysmal at doing so myself so consider this the beginning of renewed efforts on that front !
i wonder if one of them will be left dead in the middle of little italy but little did they know they got riddled for being middle men who did n't do diddly .
jokes aside i still hope hayden can make a comeback .
he got stuck in two horrible movies and got the cold shoulder from hollywood after .
lol reminds me of how my dog would sneeze to get our attention when we were eating .
you should add a nsfw tag because that is pure pornography .
i do n't suppose they allow visitors at all do they ?
why are you asking here about bursa saham malaysia .. here is a bunch of racist and anti-gorverment saying that you need to be bumiputra malaysia very risky and bla bla bla .. you can literally type how to invest in bursa saham malaysia .
do not ask stuff like that in here only ask for opinion which you should also take as a grain of salty .
i was hoping for the child of desmond to be main character .
but if uprising is linked to the games then he is evil af .
got a cheap pinstripe suit '' for an addams family costume and i 'll try to make it into a jack skellington getup have an after-halloween party on friday
i did a double take because i thought you typed rapers .
keto helped my wife 's gerd and my cousins stomach aches .
as others have said mid gray is easy to coordinate but beware of their texture though .
if they 're thin soft wool trousers if they could totally be part of a suit it 's going to be nearly impossible to wear them casually .
for example this https imgur.com/a/aqvo9 looks way too much like a suit to be worn casually i think .
how likely will demokrat send him as jokowi 's vice in 2019 ?
they need to think of a long game for presidency definitely not in 2019 .
that still sounds more like work than chilling on my yacht with 50 naked supermodels .
it 's difficult explaining to the average person i have to look at them like an object with predictable behavior in order for the outing to be pleasant for both them and myself .
take a shot every time you see the word ‘camp '
you 'll get a printed piece of paper that has a code
you can use multiple codes in a case of leftovers or for a bigger purchase
i never had any problems only when i entered the psc homepage with noscript on xd
botw actually reminds me of ocarina of time in that regard after all at the end of the day there 's practically no real story in oot .
the game is dominated by just trying to figure out where the fuck you 're supposed to go and exactly what you 're supposed to do i 'm looking at you water temple .
it 's a lot of back-and-forth with messing with little things here and there until you find out what clicks '' and let you progress in the game .
botw is a lot like that except instead of an on-rails back-and-forth progression until it clicks you have off-the-rails just-explore until it clicks .
i dont think you got my joke lol im not going to barter against myself .
hehe snapshill and automod are exempt from bans naturally .
it 's called realistic pagers https modworkshop.net/mydownloads.php ? action=view_down did=16527 .
arc flashes are fucking terrifying that 's an attitude with a body count .
i tried to find it in my local german library .
i got the dvd and watched it with subs a fantastic movie .
you have been given one point for this answer .
just beat 125 with m-ttar max a9 lvl 8 sl3 silv lvl 13 sl2 z100 lvl 9 sl4 .
we need clothing but we 've invented fast fashion the same way we 've invented fast food and overconsumption of crap is now the norm and very detrimental to our long term survival .
how many things do you need to remove before you have access to the bushings ?
i really want a big survival update something to give more purpose to survival .
is he anything like that guy who did that freddy got fingered film ?
they can report what they want as long as they do so lawfully .
as long as i know how to post my karma 's gon na thrive
he scores tds because they 've needed those tds .
it 's probable to expect td regression but reception uptick .
as another question and i 'm talking about things like soft drinks in fast food places here .
do any of you even refill that much if its offered ?
i only refill once more when leaving and thats just because i feel i should get my moneys worth .
it 'd be cool if tire wals came back to fob buildables and sl 's and scouts/raider could set them on fire to create a black smoke screen and if a blackhawk flys through it it degrades the engines health when vehicle complainant damage comes
they were preloaded accounts that we only had access to at the event
wow ok lay off the mountain dew and go to bed it 's time now .
i know it 's not a great area but there 's plenty of 3 bedroom houses around elizabeth for 150k or less .
and ladies watch out for that retribution and foresight in the morning .
maybe get an early last whisper for 1300 gold or just go for pd which reduces his damage and bramble damage .
another option is to just go statikk or tiamat and push all the waves in .
in general tanks have difficulty clearing waves so that 's another way to get ahead and outscale .
okay as in do n't change to past tense ... or change it to reflect my role change ?
it looks like you 've posted a personal perspective .
for future reference showerthoughts should not be commentaries on you your habits your emotional states or your experiences .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
if you cant see the irony and humour i 'd hate tovlive your life .
i was running a public node 8333 available to the open internet .
it started off slow but was doing more than that eventually more like 40gb/day after it was up for a few weeks..
i blew thru my comcast 1tb cap the 1st month and ended up paying 80 for an extra 400gb ... ..
i shut my node down after like 3 weeks .
i did n't know you could cap it maybe i 'll start it back up again .
my laptop has bitcoin core running on it just as a wallet basically but is not publicly available .
i do 1gb/day with all my other traffic combined .
her and majid nawaz who is suing them for defamation .
and that is sometimes the hardest thing in the world .
jesus died for ours sins and in his dying moment cried out to the father to forgive us for we know not what we do .
we will never come close to that sort of forgiveness but i was blown away recently about the story it 's of a survivor of mengele in aushwitz .
she forgave another doctor who was still alive and it made her fellow jews angry but when she describes how forgiveness was one thing she could control and it gave her the power and helped her cope it 's worth thinking about here 's her story if you want .
people are so easy to accuse god because of pain but if you 're really serious about this issue and want more than just a headline on reddit i hope you take a look .
i learned something watching this about the power of forgiveness and am still digesting it .
lol yes google fan boy who 's first google phone this is after having nothing but htc and samsung my whole life .
ff shows my fertile window beginning on saturday with o day next tuesday .
i however began bd marathon yesterday because i 'm a little psycho right now .
i ordered an ava bracelet and it 's supposed to arrive tomorrow .
i felt so frustrated last cycle so i decided to throw something new into the mix and see how it works .
if anyone is interested i can give a review/updates once i begin using it .
you can ask me for more facts any time .
i was responding to your claim that it was just the web world electron which it most certainly is n't .
like the language or not saying otherwise is denial .
hell you can even do embedded programming with javascript now
is that like saying frisco '' in the city or something ?
kinda drives me nuts that they get upset if you say sf '' or san fran '' too .
the e just pulled and trigerring his counter rooted .
i hope he is able to shield allies with his counter ...
in all of new girl to get rhea is the best choice but if you are picking which of those 3 then dolly .
she will drop at higher levels tho but rhea and caitlyn stays a even at level 100
i watched a show on bbc 2 last night about how public bodies spend loads on consultants ...
but did anybody notice when samehada ate borutos chakra he it got full ?
herb 's next followed by construction firemaking and then farming .
i 've got a plan in place if i do want to max with the account .
embiid davis towns can all post up and use it a lot in their game .
giannis even uses his post up a lot to back down defenders .
it 's not coming back like it 's gon na be the most important thing in the league but it 's gon na be an integral part of how these players are gon na play .
you do n't need every rule posted everywhere you go .
is there a sign inside of every building that says no stabbing '' ?
you still ca n't stab people wherever you want .
that 's kinda the point of the kit there are n't teammates apate plays alone .
i dont think this is a siege error but a windows or hardisk error
actually already have dembele in my club had n't sold him yet from my last team .
this could save me some tax coin and work up to bale modric .
i 've said most of what i was trying to explain but my final comments
1 verstappen had a greater force '' or degree of turn in than vettel did .
2 austin 2017 is not representative because that was only a 2 car battle where there is more space than say with a 3 car battle and the profile of t1 in austin is nowhere near as tight as mexico 's first 3 turns .
3 spa 2016 had contact like how verstappen brushed vettel 's front wing that 's why it 's relevant .
there vettel barged into kimi and spun and was blamed even though both kimi and max were in his blind spot but here somehow vettel is blamed when it was max if anything who brushed his front wing it would be like blaming kimi for putting his nose on vettel 's tyre in spa 2016 .
4 in case you did n't notice it 's the first lap .
if he lifts off the throttle to wait for the car to fully settle down he 's going to get rear-ended by someone behind him because the whole track does not belong to sebastian vettel .
5 losing a sizeable chunk of your front-wing from which you produce downforce and thus aero grip is not having your car in 99.9 '' condition .
the analogy was n't a strawman it was to show you ca n't expect someone to perform the same when there is a big handicap .
you 're talking as if all these factors being present still makes it a cakewalk to control the car when in the same conditions people will really screw it up .
other pilots say oh but he could have done this and that '' but when they really do it in the simulators they find out what it 's really like .
thank you for this really thoughtful advice ... i appreciate it more than you know !
they are things i think i knew but needed to hear them coming from someone else .
i never dreamed i would be in a situation like this and i hate that i am ... .but i have to get off dead center and get back to enjoying life .
a new class is pretty hype though ca n't wait to see how it plays .
because he 's an actual entertaining streamer and speedrunner .
if you 're only holding viewers because you have a top time or wr chances are you 're not that good of a streamer entertainment wise .
that 's why clint pulls that many viewers because most people watch for both his personality and the game rather than only just the game .
what 's the reasoning for school shootings and concert shootings when you 're white and not from a poverty stricken area ?
minimum level and maximum level of the enemies you will get to face in the area .
not even a fade for a td in the 4th for the winning margin ?
we do try and let them out in the garden but they get scared so easily .
they hate having a lead on so that is n't an option really .
an outside play area is definitely what i want to do in our next hous
is it legal for apple to specifically do this ?
it would be one thing if all carriers did this as well but it seems like the trend is if you paid in full through apple you are 17-24 .
vengeance blood with 2x jormugand just for fun do n't think he 's strong .
having success today just because i have good luck with my topdecks .
for me it was as easy as getting a referral to a psychologist and going to them for a while until i was ready to go further and they gave me the go-ahead and wrote me a letter to an endo .
i then had to get a referral to said endo from my gp .
got some blood tests for the endo a week prior and that appointment i was on hormones .
but then again i have no full idea for what it 's like for under 18 's here .
i have a general idea but i do n't know the in 's and out 's of it .
unless they changed it if your group wins against the raid boss it becomes a shadow in the dex .
it fills in if you catch it.its not enough to just look at it or participate .
does that mean he was a broker for an insurance company ?
i ask because i want to make money too .
big boobs on tiny body back problems scoleosis back pain eventually reduction op
an impressive and admirable piece of work which must have been mind-numbingly time consuming to compile .
hats off to you and masked_koopa for the effort .
that said the weakness of this kind of compilation is that it is static and fails to take the dynamics of the game into account .
in other words the abilities not upgrades and hitbox of both your character and that of the opposition are not accounted for .
nor does it take into account that characters that require a high level of skill to play there is no bias intended such as agent pea electro citron future cactus and a couple of others require although they can seem ridiculously op in the right hands a level of skill that must be rewarded to ensure that top-graded players can retain interest and enjoyment in the game .
the danger in this what i find rather one-dimensional numerical approach to character analysis is that many in the community would feel that certain characters need to be nerfed thereby putting them out of kilter with actual game-play reality .
this is not to say that the damage output of various characters does n't now and again need adjusting .
my apologies if i am taking the purpose of this compilation far beyond what you originally intended .
i am just worried that there is a risk of nullifying the enjoyment of many of the skill-requiring characters and drumming up support for an unintended imbalance of the game .
mostly just hate the ignorant assholes and lack of desire to fund education the weather is nice .
these packs are constantly circlejerked on this sub every single day .
everyone acts like its a fucking game they 're going to be behind everyone else on .
it 's just a console and you 'll still be playing games until it arrives if you own a previous xone .
it is entirely unsurprising that the wooden golf tee was invented by a dentist .
i love the kind of different path they took with the concept of l'cie and fal'cie .
might have to do that too doing fine on biochem uworld q 's but i struggle with some of the small details of pathways up/down regulators mainly the details of metabolism
but if he says no then manafort and gates will be forced to roll over and do a plea deal .
if he says yes its bad for his public image with his involvement in this russia scandal .
it put his tiny brain in a crash loop .
murder is an action that violates the non-aggression principle since it 's an initiation of force against another person property .
i do n't do it for everyone else though .
the statement you are challenging is not the statement i made .
mbyllebegojen your submission has been automatically removed because we do not allow videos .
feel free to read the sidebar rules and faq for further clarification .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/earthporn if you have any questions or concerns .
if your sniper has gold damage then look at your other dps if you want to blame someone .
told people a few hours ago to buy some btc and diversify because quite frankly the market does n't give a shit about ethereum and its mediocre project development up to this point .
it 's a few cuts it might sting for a few days but after that your fine .
it 's a lot less painful than a lot of other moves
this submission must be reposted because all posts must be titled hmmm in lower case .
if you uploaded this to reddit deleting this post will also kill the link .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hmmm if you have any questions or concerns .
the links the auto moderator gave are very good !
for youtubers mogamu is a good beginner friendly channel .
maybe you could open up twitch.tv and see some streamers playing warframe there .
you can ask them questions in real time and they will answer them if the stream is calm enough
this awful meme sliding by for months meanwhile calling contestants hot because of ken and the s35 males gets banned 😂😂 oh and edgic getting banned because michele beat aubry 😂😂
she clearly has insecurity issues which it is clear that you seem to be aware of .
believing that because you worked through most of them you expected things to get better only understandably .
i know that you feel pained by her choosing to violate boundaries but i am quite sure that her intention was not to choose her insecurities over your or your feelings .
her insecurities seem to be deep rooted and therapy should be able to help her work through that more effectively along with your support .
if there is any way you can be sure that she did not intend to disregard your feelings and she only did it because she could not help her insecurities you could give it a chance if you would like .
i do n't know yet what would be best for me to do personally there are many things to consider when adopting or deciding to have a child .
my 2012 honda accord 2.4l would not start this morning .
i was home at 5 pm on the 29th of july and my car sat till 6:59 am on the 30th of july .
i hit my door unlock on mt key fab and the doors unlocked front here i proceeded start my car .
i turned back to the starting position and tried again .
i went in to the house to grabbed the number for my dealership to get ready to call them .
as i came back out a friend of my neighbor was outside and said that he knew of someone that had the same problem .
i tried to start the car and still would not turn over .
my friend had to push the car and it would start . ''
so i got out of the car and the gentleman push the back of my car .
i then got back in the car and try to start it .
when the tow truck driver tried the car it wouldnt start .
send a pick of your junk against a standard scaling implement like a ruler .
i like big dicks and i feel like looking at a lot of them
also full frontal gets full frontal if you 're hot even if it 's not that big lol let 's be honest
my launchpad mini got red dots lighting up on some of the pads and it 's functions within ableton are n't working like they are supposed to .
i still have my warranty since it 's 9 months old so i can probably get it fixed or maybe even a new one .
but would like to know if this is anything software related and if i can do anything about it before bringing it to the shop .
just when i think i 'm getting the jist of crypto i get lost again .
is it not as simple as buying x amount of ripple for x amount of aud and then deciding when to sell ?
there 's so many different coin traders and i ca n't find a straightforward one that does n't require buying bitcoin first .
if anyone experienced can tell me the best way to buy ripple in australia i would greatly appreciate it .
this is the best tl dr i could make original http www.channelnewsasia.com/news/singapore/new-kaki-google-launches-google-assistant-in-singlish-9368538 ? cid=fbcna reduced by 51 .
singapore looking for the nearest posb atm or want to learn how to cook nasi lemak ?
just ask google assistant in a singapore english accent no less and it will be able to understand your command .
google on thursday launched an update of its digital secretary app that will feature in its newest phone the pixel 2 xl so that it understands and responds to singaporean english or singlish .
to activate the google assistant app users need only to say quot okay google quot or touch and hold their home button .
in the next couple of weeks the updated app will also come to those with android phones 6.0 or users with the marshmallow operating system said google .
quot singaporeans are avid smartphone users who are always on the go quot said google singapore 039 s country director stephanie davis .
google assistant is also available in australia south korea the uk and the us..
summary source http smmry.com/http www.channelnewsasia.com/news/singapore/new-kaki-google-launches-google-assistant-in-singlish-9368538 ? cid=fbcna faq http autotldr.io 237474 summaries so far . ''
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords google 1 users 2 singapore 3 app 4 update 5
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic .
please do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
if an ai can beat a sc2 pro 100 of the time will we still want to watch the pros play ?
will we switch to watching ais from different teams battle each other ?
personally i 'd be less interested in watching real humans play if i know there 's something/someone better out there .
need info on traveling to revelstoke for the first time ?
for new and experienced snowboarders with any questions at all about snowboarding including gear learning what to wear where to go what terminplogy is rad etc .
please ask questions in this thread and let the r/snowboarding community help out .
this is meant as a judgement-free and welcoming environment for noobs to ask any kind of question related to snowboarding no matter how dumb it may seem .
hey i have learnt lbl and am decently fast with it but i want to learn f2l so i can start cfop
it has been on my hands a very long time but as i am not playing anymore i sadly ca n't have it .
the sticker is worth approximately 600 keys itself and is placed in the best position imo .
time to let this unique ak74 meet new hands .
want to sell if quite fast now though as i 'm not playing .
add me if you have negotiations or want to talk further .
received both of these in the mail about two days ago and i just did n't like them .
i used 5 squirts of club de nuit and 2 of silver so they 're like 99.5 full .
club was 41.40 with shipping and silver was 11.30 .
i think 20 for both is a great deal for someone who is looking to try these creed clones .
if i could just return them for the full amount i would but when i click on the return button it says something about not being able to return it .
so a few months ago at work as interns i saw this pretty girl incoming as a fresh intern and i told my dutymates that i like her .
my dutymates did n't think i 'd be able to do it but later that day i asked her up front if she had a boyfriend .
to my dismay she said yes but immediately bonded around with me like we were close maybe it was her first time being confessed to like that .
fast forward now i 'm assigned to a different duty site and we added each other on fb and started chatting about books and music and movies and had deep talks on spiritual and fate and soulmate stuff .
she opens up easily but i knew my limits i respected her relationship and just recently i told her i do not like her romantically anymore .
she then told me she can not lend the stuff she promised to lend me anymore and i was absolutely fine with that .
some days ago i received a message request from a guy and a few clicks later found out he 's her boyfriend .
this guy is huge and an athlete maybe as tall as me i 'm 6 ' but he 's bigger sideways .
now i know usually this does not mean well the guy might be looking for a fight or maybe he argued with her already i do not know .
so i 'm avoiding any form of argument but what do you think guys ?
it 's not that i 'm scared to be beat up it 's just usually these things tend to end complicated and would involve many more people if allowed to happen and i do not want that .
should i talk to him or let it pass ?
letting you all know that you 're very inspiring to a slightly '' overweight and awkward man !
hi i recently switched from estradiol sublingual to estradiol valerate via injection method .
the problem is i am greatly distressed and frustrated that i ca n't begin to even poke myself with the needle in my thigh .
this is very difficult and has been a great deal of stress for a whole day as i 've put off everything to do it when i can not .
how does one get over the fear of stabbing themself in the leg ?
edit ended up having a nurse do it for me at a clinic .
it was n't that bad at all for anyone with a fear of injections !
i feel i can do these my own from now on .
a guy offered this to me for 7 keys is that reasonable ?
i am visiting lisboa next week and was wondering if there were any decent location where they play trap music .
we are evaluating the cx-9 as our next car and i 'm curious about the bose system .
since we spend a lot of time in the car the audio is pretty important .
our current car has harman/kardon in it which is pretty good not omg this is amazing the best i 've heard in a car good mind you
we have n't had opportunity to go down and listen to the cx-9 or see the car but i read there are some complaints about the bass on the bose system is muddy and the subwoofer did n't have the proper amount of deadening .
these were things on the 16 17 model anyone know if it 's still the case ?
let me start off by saying i 've never been as heavy of a smoker as a lot of people here .
for almost the past 2 years i 've been a regular smoker and it 's wreaked havoc on my life .
i 'll admit i did gain some things by smoking weed mainly some knowledge and insight about myself but i do n't think it was worth the cost i paid .
i lost all of my motivation and energy quit my job blew through much of my life 's savings lost interest in all of my hobbies no interest in relationships quit working out and being healthy and generally felt like shit all the time .
i tried quitting many times before but i always came back .
i 've experienced both nausea and severe depression in the past 5 days .
the nausea was n't as bad as the previous times i tired to quit and i do n't know why .
the depression is the same as always but it 's getting better .
i ca n't tell you how much better i 'm already feeling though .
i have a lot more energy and motivation now .
still not back to normal but i 'm getting there .
i ca n't say i wish i had done this sooner because i tried to .
i even took a vacation for a couple of weeks somewhere i knew i could n't get weed .
as soon as i came home i started smoking again .
i was living alone at the time and did n't hang out with any weed smokers .
but now i 'm living with a someone who is a heavy weed smoker .
i smell it all the time but i wo n't give in .
it may not sound like an accomplishment to most people but i 'm very proud of myself for making it this far while living with a heavy smoker .
this time i wo n't give in because i know myself .
just one hit will land me back in addiction and who knows if i 'll ever get out of it again .
i 'm finally on track to fixing my life .
if you 're trying to quit my only piece of advice is that there are no shortcuts or tricks .
you ca n't just look for easy way outs like deleting your dealer 's number or throwing away your paraphernalia .
i probably spent over 150 on cheap pipes over the last year because i kept throwing mine away thinking it will make it easier to quit .
going on vacation for 2 weeks away from weed did n't help me quit .
deleting my dealer 's number did n't work because i just found another dealer .
weed is so prevalent in our society that you ca n't hide from it .
you have to be able to face your challenge head on .
i think it 's the only way to quit for good .
i hope i do n't jinx myself with this post .
looking for guys 20 who think they have a nice cock .
if you 're confident in your body or have a hot cock or you love to show off hit me up with your age and kik or chat on here
ive got squirrel and my blunt is at 106 stick with druid or swap for fairy ?
looking for the final fit to our little 5 mil family .
hit all milestones for completion item use and duels .
no requirements needed except that if you have done it before please let us figure it out for ourselves at least for a bit .
i went in to get my permit a few weeks ago still waiting on it to arrive in the mail .
i received a new holster in the mail to replace my old one that i asked about here a few weeks ago and i love it !
so i finally feel ready to start carrying once the license arrives .
i 've been shooting for much of my life and i feel proficient in using a firearm .
that being said i do n't think i 'm in any way prepared for any kind of close quarters situations .
so i 'm wondering where do you all get instruction and training from ?
we need to buff ranger/master ranger class or at leeeeast plsssss artix give us another ranged class and for the love of god fix the bows that are still labeled as guns .
i started reading the bible on june 1st of this year and i just finished it !
i wanted to tell someone but if you are reading this and have not read the bible please do so .
it just started as a couple chapters a night then i was wanting to know more and more each day .
do you think the price will drop down a little bit or will it rise like it did with the bitcoin cash fork ?
team has started to gel very early in the season .
i think this road trip will be a huge indication of how we do this year we play some stiff competition with only one team having a losing record .
i hope we ball out and show the rest of the league that we are here to play .
this boe rate hike when british growth and wages are decelerating is what happens when a central bank faces international vulnerability
w regime uncertain boe has to worry about credibility of of its inflation anchor even when domestic conditions call for the opposite
in other words brexit is taking uk monetary policy part way back to the limited bad choices and trdeoffs of the 1970s .
i predicted this in march 2016 as part of the economic impact of brexit to come
voting seven to two in favour of the rate rise the bank 's monetary policy committee forecast that inflation would remain well above the central bank 's 2 per cent target if interest rates had stayed at 0.25 per cent .
the committee indicated that two further quarter of a percentage point rate rises would be needed during the next two years to control prices .
the ft have a live feed of questions https www.ft.com/content/6f0badbc-bfbd-11e7-9836-b25f8adaa111
i get the following error when i run my script valueerror could not convert string to float normal
print 'accuracy for rbf svm is ' metrics.accuracy_score prediction1 test_y
b/o as in title can do other knifes if i like them
to explain my question a female sub would act slutty pose wear something sexy grind moan put make up etc .
although similar things would feel good from a male sub perspective some actions can turn off a dom me specially if the dom me likes masculinity and associates such behavior with femininity .
so my question is how does a male sub become a tease without looking overly feminine ?
good morning everyone i 've been meaning to make this post but have felt pretty embarrassed .
last weekend i took a motorcycle basic rider course so that i may get my license .
before this past weekend i have never ridden a motorcycle .
i felt like i was doing well in the course i was getting tons of positive feedback from both of my instructors .
they even had me lead a couple of exercises since they felt i was doing so well .
on sunday it was our evaluation and it rained like crazy we rode a few hours before testing .
by that time i was freezing cold i do n't know if it was the nerves or the cold that ruined me but i horribly failed my evaluation .
i did n't put my foot down or drop the bike during the evaluation but i did go out of the lines and i hit some cones .
we went inside and took the written test where i graded a 100 .
the instructor pulled me aside and was shocked that i did so poorly since i had been doing so well he was kind enough to offer me a second try so i did n't have to retake and repay for the course .
i 'm hoping some of you more experienced riders can share some tips/tricks on how to pass the evaluation .
from a stop start and zig zag between cones about 4-5 feet apart .
i messed up getting up to enough speed quickly enough i missed a set of cones and could not get myself back on track
from a stop roll then quickly to a 90 degree from there perform a u turn in a box .
i believe i cut the 90 too short and then went outside the line on the back end of the u turn .
a quick stop get up to speed 12-18mph then stop as quickly as you can when hitting the cones .
this worried me because it was pouring and i was not completely comfortable with the performance of the bike i held back a lot because i did not want to lock up the brakes and drop the bike that is an instant failure
a swerve exercise where you get up to speed pass cones and avoid another wall of cones then come to a smooth stop .
this one i have a bad habit of cutting back in too quickly after my swerve .
then complete a circuit in 2nd gear completing two turns and coming to a complete stop this one i did well on
thanks in advance to anyone who lends some assistance !
this time with flying colors the only one part i got points on was the circuit .
i was through the gate at 1.10 instead of the requirement of 1.00 thanks to everyone who gave me help tips and suggestions .
i applied all of them and the results showed .
seriously despite being one of the annoying lords the one thing i admire is that he appreciates knights an underrated class to some .
i want to make a car in roblox but i need some help .
i want keys only because i want to cash out .
now i wait for the other 500mg and make a solution with 250ml vodka 2:1 worked fine before
i 'm confused.. theres a live action lion king coming out and i 'm wondering how that would look ?
i was really sick when i had the first one and had n't eaten in days so i was pretty clean .
just wondering what you all eat in the days leading up to the prep ?
also for those who have done miralax is a generic going to do the job ?
they gave me ducolax also and an enema if i need it .
my question is that does anyone take notes by attaching the screen backwards and then placing it vertically ?
i want to get the surface book for university and i want to take notes like i would do in a4 paper vertically not horizontally .
can anyone tell me if they attach the screen backwards and use it vertically so the right or left hand side has the hinge sticking out .
by the way i 'm a physics freshman if it helps .
i levelled my herblore skill i am now level 57 .
i 'm pickle rick '' rick sanchez rick and morty
you can give feedback on the format but i will probably ignore it .
the northern union comes into being federalizing canada and new england .
a new movement rises in texas condemning the legacy of ineffective and poor governance in mexico .
in mexico a sister movement arises and storms the political scene rapidly reconciling relations between the two countries .
the south launches a disastrous invasion of the dominican republic .
an invasion of hungary is launched due to enormous human rights abuses .
the sex scandal in the uk becomes more interesting .
certain regions of catalonia vote for independence several major commercial centers are predicted to choose to stay .
scotland is set to become independent likely facing major economic setbacks .
the uka and egypt perform major military maneuvers near israeli borders as a show of force .
an arab league invasion of yemen to deal with the houthis goes very poorly and the war 's costs expand enormously .
nigeria responds with rapid measures to alleviate the stress created by the financial crisis .
india leads an effort for peace between taiwan and china .
chinese agents are captured in taiwan setting off a massive financial crisis that wipes out nearly 40 of the chinese economy .
china launches an invasion of taiwan in response and is subjected to sanctions from many nations leading to major doubts regarding its ability to recover despite several rapid reforms .
listen im nothing but silver gold 5 i have 400k points on ekko and i been playing him alot in pbe testing things out well i see that alot of times i get blown up because i hard cc or chain ccand i cant ult and its tiring how many kills i have lost because of that so im taking that out rn i only used this build in jungle its
jg item ibg gunblade steraks tenacity boots and void staff the rune page i go is domination with the new thunderlords and 2nd tree is inspiration with tenacity that gives 20 tenacity with 30 tenacity from boots and 30 more with steraks activates you get up to 70 tenacity which is amazing im going to keep testing it out with predator now to .
has anyone been to one of the thursday concerts recently ?
i am a newly single female ready to move on and begin dating .
for about two months i have been texting/seeing a man i am interested in .
at the start he text fairly often asked me questions about myself and i would do the same .
we 'd see each other some after work during the week once a week and then spend every other saturday night together .
we both have kids so the saturday nights we spend together are on our weekends without our kids .
we also work for the same company they 're one of the main employers for our area .
our jobs are equal in rank if that matters .
also for background thanks to my ex contesting child support our divorce is not actually final yet but we have been split up for half a year and had more of a roommate relationship for longer than that .
i know for certain i am ready to date again so that is not an issue for me .
also the divorce was a shock to me i did n't see it coming other than my ex had treated me more like a roommate than a wife for a while .
anyway this man has bought me gifts even remembering my favorite color food candy etc .
he is soft spoken and seems bashful but he 's not awkward .
one evening together he even drove me around showing me where he grew up his old stomping grounds etc .
however we 've not been on an official date which i contribute to my divorce not being final .
the last 2-3 weeks i have grown uncertain of where he and i stand though .
his texting has become more infrequent though he was never one to text back right away .
also our text conversations have typically been less in depth .
he gave me a very thoughtful gift made me dinner and dessert and all around had me feeling more confident about our budding relationship .
then he sort of started waning off and on again towards the weekend .
it was his weekend with his kids so i tried not to think much of it but he did n't send his usual goodnight and good morning texts except the morning i decided to leave him alone .
when he does they 're not usually laced with xoxo '' or compliments like they once were .
at work yesterday he was concerned about why i was n't making eye contact or smiling at him .
i just told him i have stuff on my mind and was trying not to bother him .
if i mention i 'm still interested in him he does n't respond to my text but he does n't respond to some of my other texts as well .
but then will flirt with me and hit on me later .
he still likes my pictures i post on social media .
if i send him a picture he 'll respond .
as adults i know we 're too old for games so i 'm wondering if i 'm just out of touch with dating or maybe we both are .
i do n't want to come off desperate but he has mentioned before he thought he 'd be alone forever so i do n't want to give up easily if he just needs someone to show persistence .
we have a lot of common interests and we get along very well .
he has been easy to talk to from the start and our conversations are easy though mostly now in person every other weekend .
i also know he 's been concerned about how little time he gets with his kids so i try not to take away from that .
so bts ' us pr team posted a cryptic message on twitter saying are you all ready ? ! ''
with us bts army tweeting back november is gon na be crazy ! ''
i am going to take a wild guess they will be flying straight to the us for a promo tour right after their macao concert .
gma today show live with kelly and ryan jimmy fallon
tons of magazine interviews seventeen rs vice billboard etc .
probably promote their bt21 merch at the line store at times square
maybe i 'm reading the tweet into deep and perhaps being a bit delulu and none of this will happen if that 's the case i do apologize in advance for getting everyone all hyped up !
but what are your wish lists if they are coming to the us to promote their album ?
so i have a starviper expansion most wanted scurgg and jumpmaster .
i main imperial and wanted to get guns for hire for the harpoons .
but i figure i might as well play scum a little bit too .
with the expansions i own what would be a fun list using the guns for hire expansion ?
the k..kirzarykk ... the other non starviper ship in the expansion .
i wan na find the probability of me beating my friend in a speed solve .
his mean time is 24.93 and standard deviation is 2.84 .
so i 've been wanting to buy a new game recently and have been recommended stardew valley by many people but i 'm debating buying it .
i 've seen some videos on it but i just do n't quite get it .
if anyone could explain to me in more detail the goals of the game and the overall game in general i 'd really appreciate it .
i have a few questions ... . is there repayable value with this game ?
how much of a story does the game have ?
how many hours have you put into the game ?
i was just prescribed gabapentin for my bipolar 2 diagnosis i was previously on serequel .
just got the fabricate spell and am making a scheme with the party to get rich quick .
is there an amount of gold that is unreasonable at level 8 ?
so i searched and found this post from a year ago
and at the time i listened and checked online for how the title and lyrics were listed and i did see souls '' even though i remember soul . ''
i just watched dan rather 's the big interview with jewel and i remembered that change and paid attention to how they said it .
both said soul '' and a clip of jewel singing it live has her singing soul . ''
but that 's fine people will say it how they remember it regardless of the current reality . ''
so after the show i looked online and all the info i see has it listed as soul '' .
i distinctly remember looking it up when i saw the original post about the change and i remember seeing and hearing souls '' but now it 's back to soul '' .
i met with my friends because i wanted to get high with them at the lunch period .
so my 2 friends literally didnt have any money at all .
so there like oh shit if u buy me 2 mcchiken jrs il give u a nug of weed .
which is weird how he caries weed but no money🤔 .
anyways we decide to get baked at lunch and all of a sudden a kid that would prolly snitch just shows up in the corner of my eye .
my friend hide his pipe behind his jacket and btw this kid is completely retarded my friend decides to put it in a pile of leaves while he wasnt looking and we were all laughing our asses off cause he didnt see shit .
me and the boys just walk in completely blazed and it was so obvious .
i go into the changing room and my friend thought it was a good idea to slap one of my class mates ass while hes only got his underwear on .
i slapped his ass so hard 4 pure entertainment .
and no im mot gay i did like 2 grams😏
look i know we all hate mario right now .
in the past few years we have been struggling on the back up pg position and mario has helped us there .
he was one of our fan favorites and i hope for him to stay that way .
he chose to come back to memphis after his injury he could have gone somewhere else with a better chance of winning .
plus we could fall like one spot with this loss in the draft and we might draft the next giannis with this pick .
hi i am out in canada and may not be able to attend the festival .
so i thought i would give away the tickets under the cost at 550 paid 600 for tier 1 vip tickets .
now the only small difference with these tickets are that they are will call tickets.and will front gate does n't allow transfer of tickets but instead you would go to will call with a copy if identification and a copy if my credit card that i would provide .
if you have any questions send me a message on how hassle free i can make the process .
if you feel there is a lack of trust we can have the money sit into a trust account of some sort and you can have the money deposited to me when you 've attended the show .
im selling a bunch of apple gear now with slightly lower prices !
paypal g s 's fees and usps priority mail shipping w/tracking included in all prices .
local pickup with cash in sarasota fl is available will knock off shipping and paypal cost .
macbook air 13 2015 8gb 128gb silver applecare through feb 23rd 2018 in 100 working order .
it is in pristine cosmetic condition with no scratches dings or dents !
just the macbook magsafe 2 charger no wall plug portion and extension cable .
sold ipad pro 10.5 256gb w/case gold wifi 1 year applecare tucano rotating case ipad case both brand new sealed .
macbook pro 15 2017 2.9ghz 16gb 512gb space gray 1 year applecare brand new sealed 2in tear in seal back of box .
for all items except the macbook air the 1 year applecare limited warranty starts upon first activation of the product !
i used to sew ads on facebook for got grand tour shirts house hammond with a hamster house clarkson with an orangutan and house may with a snail .
i ca n't find them anywhere and have n't seen the ad in a while .
... is an homage to famed science fiction writers arthur c. clarke and orson scott card .
clarke has written such classics as 2001 a space odyssey rendezvous with rama childhood 's end and the nine billion names of god. and card has written what is argued to be one of if not the greatest science fiction stories of all time ender 's game .
their getting back together was pretty easy and effortless .
was there ever a scene or episode that addressed why they got divorced i think there was an affair and if it was still an issue for them later on ?
i guess i 'm just surprised or maybe i missed it that there was n't anything with sophie not being sure she could trust him what if he never really changed is he going to cheat again etc .
i ca n't imagine revisiting a previous broken relationship without going over what the issues were .
but i never got that with kevin and sophie .
no you 're back with your ex-wife ? ? ! ''
and while i usually hate relationship struggles portrayed on tv i want to see it with them .
i want to see what went wrong the first time and what they are doing to rebuild trust and make sure it does n't happen again .
i was going to wait till friday to post this but i 've never done just a face gains comparison .
i went from jabba the hutt to something else entirely .
i remember the excitement on the sideline after this play .
and then i read today that mcdermott showed this sideline celebration of brandon tate 's 1st down 24 yard reception to kb upon his arrival in buffalo .
so i thought i 'd make a clip of it and save it .
i 'm trying to intentionally introduce butter flavor into my beer .
i see that are a lot of methods on reducing diacetyl but are there any to add them ?
plenty of orc slaying takes place out in the tower district as we continue searching for orb of the seer shards .
so i 've been learning more and more about mixing/mastering lately and i 'd like anybody that 'd be down to share their method with me to feel free to walk me through your process and even leave me with one of your tracks so i can tell if i like your style of mixing
watching old cartoons and stuff on vhs it 's the best
i 'm building a paladin and i 'm debating pole arm mastery and great weapon master .
i know gwm generally is less feat dependant letting you have more asi .
i had a pixel 2 that i had to rma due to the clicking noise .
3 and a half hours sot after a full charge 12hrs prior and still 46 remaining .
now the replacement pixel 2 i have 2 hrs sot after 8 and a half hrs full charge prior and again 46 battery remaining .
this battery drain is very noticeable for me and i have tried a factory reset .
would google replace my phone or is this battery usage considered normal ?
edit google is replacing my phone with a brand new phone !
i 'm looking for comic book writers who work in high fantasy like neil gaiman 's work in the sandman series other comparable works in terms of content would be xfiles american gods assassins creed ...
underground writers are ok but i 'm really looking for more mainstream stuff ...
286 titan 285 warlock 293 hunter looking for somebody to help guide us through the raid .
we have done a ton of research already but would n't mind somebody more experienced to help make sure we do n't do anything stupid .
h3h3podcast on twitter has removed the schedule so i ca n't check at what time the show starts .
also no mention about it on the h3h3productions twitter either .
welcome to another edition of whatever they throw on knr during the evening .
i am pretty sure that they wanted to add a reward system months ago i know there are a lot of other things they 've said months ago aswell but i think it 's time to finally receive something from being a certain rank even like rank 15 .
my idea would be giving bloodpoints for every rank you reach before the 13th of a new month .
you 'll get a reward after you 've reached rank 15 rank 16 to 20 gives you no reward it forces the players to be a little bit more active i do n't know what you think about it just something i had in my mind
i just had a squad battle where the opponent had adrien silva playing .
talking about shoes is supposed to be a feminine thing .
i do n't want to hear about your jordans or whatever .
i wear just normal sorta cheap shoes everywhere and i never find myself looking at people 's feet .
why would you spend so much money and time on your shoes ?
so my girlfriend is having a birthday party tomorrow friday .
there will be beer finger food and some of my grandma 's grass .
i remember when i was a small child i was told by my mom that i was a precious and special little boy who could do no wrong .
even as an adult decades later i still believe that to be literally true .
i can do no wrong even if other people say i 'm doing something wrong especially if other people say i 'm doing something wrong .
when other people judge me based on my actions they 're deliberately oppressing me because they 've been brainwashed by the cultural marxist feminist agenda which desires to destroy the self esteem of alpha males everywhere .
they are n't telling me that what i 'm doing is wrong because it harms people no they 're solely interested in making me feel bad about myself which is the first step to becoming subservient to their hegemonic gynocratic globalist system .
there is a global conspiracy by females and their beta male slaves to sap my masculine vitality and prevent me from having sex with any woman i want whenever i want .
and masculine vitality is truly the only fundamentally good thing in the universe because i 've built my entire identity around it and i 'm constantly trying to become more masculine because i 'm always insecure because my dad was disappointed in me when i said i did n't want to play football in middle school .
he always told me to be a man '' and he mocked and ridiculed me for not being a real man '' and he always bragged about all the bitches he fucked back before he married my mom and why would he say any of that stuff if masculinity was n't inherently good ?
and if masculinity is the sole source of goodness in the world then that means femininity is the opposite and is a force of pure unmitigated evil .
i genuinely wish i was gay but i 'll never say it out loud because i loathe the fact that i 'm attracted to women because their femininity scares me and reminds me of when my dad told me to quit being a pussy which made me feel awful .
i never want to feel that way again which is why i have rejected the very concept of morality entirely so that i can never feel guilt for my actions which enables me to hurt women over and over and over again until the day i die without feeling even the tiniest shred of remorse .
i am fueled by deep insecurity overwhelming fear and a powerful desire to never let myself be emotionally hurt again .
but deep down i wish i was a misogynist because the genuine happiness of women fills me with pure unbridled rage .
buy a water filter or the feminist hormones the hollywood elite have dumped into the water supply will make your penis stop working .
my parents met at a summer camp when my dad was 17 and my mum 16 .
but even though she was not crazy enough to get engaged at 16 to a boy she has known for 3 months she liked him enough to accept him as a boyfriend and introduce him to her mother .
drama alice was the first in her family to graduate high school and got a white collar job as a bookkeeper but she was a single mother and they were pretty poor .
but she was determined that her daughter was going to marry into a rich family and my dad 's parents definitely did n't fit the bill .
also my dad was short and she hates short men .
so she absolutely forbid my mum from seeing my dad .
would not let her leave the house if my dad was nearby .
my mum was a crafty teenager though and devised a way to sneak out .
my dad 's friend whose parents were doctors would come to my mum 's flat greeted drama alice and took her out for a date .
promised to bring her back by 10 all of it .
then he would go away my mum would meet my dad behind the corner and they happily spent time together for the rest of the evening .
the friend would show up again to bring her upstairs and say good night to drama alice who adored him .
they continued like this for the next 4 years .
simba my main story tonight regards pride rock a place where kevin spacey has started to call it home .
is this why my game deleted itself logged me out and made me redownload the whole thing ?
i meant esoteric as in it has generally been taught in a teacher-student way without detailed instruction being written out on paper .
for example in taoism there are few to no texts that detail the circulation of jing its transformation to qi and that to shen and finally to the dao .
there are only cryptic instruction on combing the cinnbar with mercury '' or raising the water court into the fire house '' .
i think they want every sail on the sea to actually be another human crew .
i do think they should increase the max amount of ships though .
i have seen a time of 10 minutes with a mono str team on this subreddit .
knees going over toes is n't always a bad thing .
i do agree that he should focus on sitting back a little more but only because he seems to pitch forward on a rep or two hard to tell with your cameraman moving around u/easonok try and keep the bar over midfoot .
you were obviously sarcastic but there are literal bots who comment exactly like you did .
ya know bots from our foreign adversary trump pretends is n't actively targeting us an our allies just because they helped him win .
i mean i know you are aiming but 5 headshots on all of the first three kills is pretty lucky .
its not like the first round actually hits the centre of the reticle .
the 1st guy gets double headshot and you are n't even crouched .
the inconsistency considering your 2nd target you were crouched and stationary but only got a single bodyshot is so annoying .
great work i would feel pretty salty as some of these players .
imo i would say daii was easily the weakest instalment of the three .
but there is a contingent that would contest this and say inquisition chocked full of filler quests feels like a single-player mmo at times is the worst one .
i do admire what daii tried to do a fantasy title that did not have yet another save the world from evil '' plot it was a gritty underdog story about a refugee family trying to survive and make it big in a foreign city .
compared to the mass effect series i feel as if dragon age unfortunately has something of an identity crisis as each entry was an lot different from the last .
whereas mass effect started off as a mix of different sf tropes and pastiches became bolder and knew better what it wanted to be as it went along .
eh there 's something to be said for simplicity in stock apps .
they do n't want extra functionality that the vast majority of people wo n't use .
i mean does that not also require you to be worth winning over '' in the first place ?
i swear i only got like one match from a whale beyond morbidly obese woman by accident got a selection of maybe 30 potential matches over couple days .
i 've always liked the design and direction behind te and this post and the attitude reflected in it go a long way to explaining why .
for products with added high fructose corn syrup sweetener or other added sugars hey should probably do what they did with tobacco tax the hell out of it to offset the cost of it 's harm to society .
wiem tyle co przeczytałem tak jak ty o mnie i wszyscy inni o sobie nawzajem .
the mata sipit people will not live there ... malah yng ada menyewakan ... .
it 's not an argument it 's a snarky comment at your expense .
the fact that i had to explain that to you definitively confirms the fact you 're not particularly bright .
was holding gas powered hedge trimmer up with one hand and pointing at a bush to ask my dad if it was good .
a 13 year old me was not quite capable of balancing this trimmer straight up with my wrist only and the trimmer began to lean past the point if no return .
it then fell downward past my other hand and my outstretched finger .
i feel a pinch like if you get a blood blister and be fan shaking my hand like it was punched in the door of a car and start feeling warm droplets hit my face .
when i looked down my index finger is fileted in half about two inches down the finger entire underside of my finger is dangling and the bone is showing and i am covered in blood .
went weak in the knees but made it to the bathroom holing my finger together and did n't pass out .
wrapped it back together with bandaids and electrical tape and then went to er .
the doctor tried numbing nerves at the base of the finger but when that did n't work had to give me 7 injections directly into the wound .
probably should have had more because over 20 years later i still have some indentations from the stitches .
have feeling in about half of the formerly wounded area but full mobility and everything .
otherwise i could see the sub descending into shite low effort british '' memes ...
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
this tip happens to be considered either common sense or covered under common courtesy
if you would like to appeal this decision please feel free to contact the moderators here http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/lifeprotips .
do not repost without explicit permission from the moderators .
make sure you read the rules r/lifeprotips/about/sidebar before submitting .
... i might give this a shot in my game .
you have to buy it and also i found out it 's false the guy just picked the characters that had the voices
what about all the bullshit ads paid for by the candidate 's own campaign ?
it 's not like we have n't had outright lies being told to us for decades from our own leaders and wanna-be leaders .
the number of people who actually flipped their vote based on russian memes is certainly small .
would you increase omg or ark holdings or pick up first lot of walton ?
for example salary sacrifice can increase your entitlement to wtc according to
realistically if you 're earning £40k i 'm not sure you could drop your salary so low as to qualify for support .
also note your salary sacrifice ca n't take you below minimum wage https www.gov.uk/guidance/salary-sacrifice-and-the-effects-on-paye overview
you can look at squads leader boards now along with h2h and cap .
i looked at mine yesterday and im probably around 28-7 at worst in squads but my record is 28-32 .
i get so many disconnect losses when im winning sometimes double losses .
whenever they grieved me to end the game i got 1 win 2 losses .
thats ok though because i get 2 squad tokens per 7 games and once i get 25 of them i can get an 86 overall .
fuck somebody up and then coast for 2 rounds !
his last few havent been like that though and that s good .
i 've heard many people say that celeste does comparable damage to hades grids .
hades grids requires at least 3 copies of the gold moon weapon gisla to do more damage than celeste grids .
so unless you 're willing to whale 3 copies of the weapon and whale some more for the dama bars required go ahead .
if you 're hesitant in spending money the just stick with celeste .
but if i were you i 'd just stick to your current account .
you have s. zooey which is one of the best dark characters and will likely trivialize a lot of boss fights if you keep improving your grid .
d.jeanne and lady gray are n't bad chars either .
varuna is the best primal grid right now both f2p and p2w versions of the grid beat hades but this is because the grid synergies greatly with the characters water has uno and quatre 5 .
unless you really want to do varuna and ditch everything nobody is stopping you but the grind to get to a point where you 're carrying raids is going to take a long time .
saw 2 of trumps guys get indicted and a 3rd already plead guilty ...
yet i 'm supposed to believe that hes the good guy ?
his defense and rebounding are excellent and in time he will learn to get more involved offensively
i 'm a pretty normal guy and lean towards the large size of the body size spectrum .
i 'm literally 32 years old and have also been watching and listening for many years
i was just at that part last night got fed up with the mo-eye and just flew my banzai bill right across the gap .
it call often yes but nothing about how long the calls take is done .
it can be a couple of nanoseconds which is n't an issue or millisecond which would definitely be but there was no proof about that .
the impracticality of drone on mars aside super thin atmosphere i think satellite imaging we currently have good one too is more efficient at mapping the planet .
here is a list of threads in other subreddits about the same content
meet supra tag a credit card-shaped edc multitool that offers several convenient tools and features in a compact design would love to know your thoughts https www.reddit.com/r/campinggear/comments/7aaq50/meet_supra_tag_a_credit_cardshaped_edc_multitool on r/campinggear with 1 karma created at 2017-11-02 18:58:15 by u/shamim2bd
meet supra tag a credit card-shaped edc multitool that offers several convenient tools and features in a compact design would love to know your thoughts https www.reddit.com/r/campingandhiking/comments/7aaq1t/meet_supra_tag_a_credit_cardshaped_edc_multitool on r/campingandhiking with 1 karma created at 2017-11-02 18:57:37 by u/hasibbds
introducing supra tag a credit card-shaped edc multitool that offers several convenient tools and features in a compact design would love to know your thoughts https www.reddit.com/r/multitools/comments/7aapye/introducing_supra_tag_a_credit_cardshaped_edc on r/multitools with 1 karma created at 2017-11-02 18:57:04 by u/pikulzxc
meet supra tag a credit card-shaped edc multitool that offers several convenient tools and features in a compact design would love to know your thoughts https www.reddit.com/r/edc/comments/7aapqt/meet_supra_tag_a_credit_cardshaped_edc_multitool on r/edc with 1 karma created at 2017-11-02 18:55:36 by u/shadinpls
introducing supra tag a credit card-shaped edc multitool that offers several convenient tools and features in a compact design would love to know your thoughts https www.reddit.com/r/knifeclub/comments/7aapjl/introducing_supra_tag_a_credit_cardshaped_edc on r/knifeclub with 0 karma created at 2017-11-02 18:54:08 by u/jahidkhanx
i 'm not sure if full on firearms training is needed but definitely a very most basic firearm safety .
he 'd probably do something that wound up costing him and arm and a leg and getting dick stuck inside a suit of armor .
if you have n't touched your smurf account in half a year and have n't made any real money purchases '' no idea if that includes free login gems you can make a ticket to support .
i honestly believe this is the most stupid concept from kabam yet .
i guess it is honestly a good set up for kabam because no one really knows if it is broken or not .
edit especially since u like nichibros ... exactly what u are looking for
unfortunately it has been removed for the following reason s
this link or one very similar to it has been recently submitted to r/technology .
if you have any questions please message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ftechnology and include the link to the submission .
also if it 's any help i used the shape of unn charm during this fight it allows you to heal one point of health every time grimm fires those bat/dragon things at you because when you heal and change into the shape of unn all the shots fly right over your head .
if your health is low then just wait for your chance to use this technique and heal you can also get 2hp back in one heal if grimm happens to follow his shot attack with his rising spikes .
the us beta is supposed to start in 6 hours 10 am pdt .
he loves you and wo n't quit on you .
you need to work on your own issues but it sounds like he is ready to help and be patient .
have you heard of our lord nuclear strike from orbit ?
i happen to be white and no one ever claimed that i am racist scum .
just started playing ranked matches seasons seem worthwhile i want the different card backs some are really cool .
my last hospital had chlorhexidine-based hand sanitizers and i had a psych patient who tried to do the same thing .
i said you know it 's not alcohol right ?
i said oh something that will make you better . ''
not sure your dad would appreciate a tribute in the form of a tattoo .
sorry more of the cast needed to be black .
the only white people we were allowed to cast were for the british imperialist bird and a smelly gross pig .
only if he uses it on himself though we do n't know whether or not he could pull someone out of one .
the original gray boy was pretty much just looping everything around him and was barely lucid .
the clone was pretty much a psychopath and never really had a reason to even attempt to remove someone from a loop .
you did n't cut the scape down enough in the winter .
believe me i 'm very good to my gf and compliment her all the time .
she really hates bjs now cause it makes her gag .
she ca n't even watch bj scenes in porn !
thats propably the best way to describe us aka people that are very unlikely to invade us and that will occasionally help us in times of need and the other way round ''
i do n't even know what to say if someone just striaght up takes stuff from my cart jesus
he 's the picture-perfect husband and father and leader this would be devastating .
that defensive screen by kcp was so lazy just kind of stood there and reggie literally walked around him
on a serious note if yall need team meetings and you still get owned ...
i mean i understand the black panther music is very distinct to that trailer so i can see why some may not like it .
i had fun making it though and as long as some people like it then i 'm happy !
we have a lot of openings only 3 actives currently .
only requirement for our guild is to play and contribute to guild battle no matter how insignificant the damage may seem .
every little bit of damage counts fyi we currently clear up to 2nd boss on easy .
i ca n't see how but it might be different at different levels
i 'm totally convinced that change requests are just used as a way of reducing the ticket load and blowing off lesser '' issues .
i 've seen other videos that sound more like trumpets or an orchestra .
what i heard was mostly like the video i posted but it also had some of the orchestra sound to it as well .
we just want to remind you of some important rules
definitions of these terms can be found in the legitimacy policy https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/policy .
that includes pokémon obtained from wonder trade the gts and passerby trades and may also include trades on other websites or with friends .
full details https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules must be posted when offering any shiny event or competitive legendary pokémon .
if your post violates any of these rules please edit it as appropriate and read the rules in full https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules before posting again .
otherwise your post will be removed by a moderator .
if you are a mobile user having trouble accessing the above links please retry using a different app or browser .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemontrades if you have any questions or concerns .
just because i do n't like the podestas does n't mean i like trump .
it made me realize on top of everything else how greedy and so disconnected from reality everyone can be too
ok i am going to try and watch the last two episodes of flip flappers .
i 'd rather know the crazy shit he inevitably got into after leaving roland .
a dandelo book would just be about danville being tortured the entire time .
how do you know they do n't have bread in the speakers ?
well systems certainly got improved with time but d1y1 is still the best gear destiny has to offer gjallarhorn ice breaker fatebringer vision of confluence black hammer the last word thorn etc .
are extremely iconic and it had two different raids prison of elders trials of osiris .
and my personal favorite pvp experience when the game spammed us with special ammo but that was n't a problem cause primary weapons were so strong it all got nerfed though .
so yeah maybe bungie reused this content later in a better way but do n't forget where all these things come from it 's d1y1 .
britain uses cab sauv brekkie spag bol ciggie footy sickie trackies vee-dub and u-ey .
a few of the other would be understood by most but not used often .
2 hexed tw sacred and sky blue thermal for fg dracos
not a bad way to keep her alive for several more years !
whenever there was a punt everybody would stand up cause you knew brown was taking it to the house
while we thank you for your submission to r/scifi please note our sidebar rules against direct video submissions .
if you have further questions please message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fscifi .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/scifi if you have any questions or concerns .
he already tanks magic pretty well and my armor team has no other res tanks so i definitely plan on using him
the only reason bitcoin is going up so much is that it is backed by the federal reserve system
i know neo is hurting with the btc bull run but let 's keep it real .
it 's not the giants but it is a rivalry .
with how many of you are here in phoenix it 's definitely a rivalry .
if you like doing boring unnecessary quotidian tasks then so be it.. why should you force the rest of us to just to make you happy
check if your credit card has price match coverage .
all you have to do is submit a claim on eclaimsline.com and provide screenshots of current in-cart price with shipping as well as the date/time as proof
when i first got my digital pair i was walking around the house that night and kept hearing a quiet 'click click click ' .
i found out that the zippers on the bottom of my sweatpants were making the noise lol .
not a lot of traffic over there and a fairly decent amount of room .
i remember there being an empty lot but they might have done construction since i learned .
this day and age you 'll be lucky to find a family doctor at all .
i agree do n't let this turn into the destiny subreddit shudders
if at first they do n't succeed give them power plays until they do ''
they 're inevitable ... was just pointing out the animation was cool
why does a team with racists like gurriel get rewarded like this ?
wow when i realized it said frogs '' i noticed the other two .
i 've gotten bit by 220 before ... that 'll make you feel alive ... for like three seconds .
what do you expect when you give them four fucking powerplays in a row goddamn
well here i 've gone and made an ass of myself .
i 'd like to stay super optimistic and stay hyped up and say yeah we 're gon na fucking win ! ''
thank you that 's what i thought ... plus the lake it was caught has no known northern pike but people were adamant .
my niece noticed this before any of the other movies .
i guess they thought that they could put kershaw in if/when darvish started struggling but they did n't think he would have a replay of his game 3 start
i did alex a couple years ago before individual eyelashes were super popular and so i used regular fake eyelashes ... . that was so difficult .
if this score holds that astros pitcher should be paying for dinner as a thank-you .
this may be the wine talking but i think someone should tell you that you 're wrong .
i have a year clean in a few days .
it 's def a life time problem in the sense i can never use dope without it turning into something bad .
i do n't follow pop culture at all and i had no idea she moved to california .
dawson is still so active new york politics that i assumed she still lived here .
if her primary address is california we should seriously draft her to run .
dawson is a great speaker with name recognition who actually cares about people .
i actually just called sephora because i received edition 2 instead of edition 1 that i ordered ...
i asked if i could exchange it for edition 1 like i originally ordered and the only option they gave me was to return it in store for a refund because it 's out of stock now
i think its worse than 6-5 because it gives me less xp and i 'm still clearing 6-5 faster because of goblin mask .
so now you 're upset that someone is insulting you ?
a little light hearted humor getting you riled up ?
yes it does not appear in the texture pack chooser or any of my texture packs
i opened 36 exotic caches in a roll couple weeks ago just because i had to delete my max character to make a level 29 .
i am seriously contemplating not doing any incursions legendary or anything that gives me exotics .
matter or fact i am thinking about quiting cause 99 of people on my friends list appears to all have quit !
dear citizens of earth who only eat organisms from regnum plantae to get energy ... you 're still using your sun 's energy you 're still cheating you 're still pieces of crap .
looks like you did n't read the rules of r/pics either oh the irony
the last king of scotland kertoo idi aminista mutta on kyllä aika yks yhteen myös shakespearen macbethin kanssa .
i 'm not sure if langford was a dick or just a dogged reporter who drove everyone nuts by being all up in their business .
eric hated him for exposing all of his ridiculousness the sacramento bees meet and greet the in plain sight rider that absurd modeling agency contract ... the facts are clear .
of all the reasons not to watch football this one is the stupidest
i work in car sales and have people that elect to forgo rebates and paying in full in order to qualify for our 5 year 0 apr financing .
heck if you had the 38,000 in bitcoin over the last month you would have made far more than you would have if you spent it on a car in full .
its sad that they failed his character since iron fist in the comics was a great character
have 8 lifx bulbs of them 1 is gen1 from the kickstarter campaign .
big picture they burned 1.2 billion in the 2nd quarter did a round of funding for about 1.8 billion and ended the 2nd quarter with 5 billion in cash reserves .
now end of 3rd quarter they have 3 billion in cash reserves .
they have 1.4 billion in debt due in about a year .
they will try to fund again and due to lack of zev credits they were making money from lack of any real production lack of any real tangibles they face a huge uphill battle to not run out of cash in about a year because patience ca n't continue with unlimited financing with no results .
the whole financing model that wall st tolerated to this point was based on them producing something even close to the 20,000 model 3s per month by the end of 2017 .
they are minimum 3 months behind based on musk 's own words yesterday if he says they 're 3 months behind they 're really 6 .
they 're dead in the water at this point .
hey i 'm going to my first game this weekend .
i 've been told the best route is to take a shuttle bus from one of the bars near by .
here https www.pro-football-reference.com/play-index/psl_finder.cgi ? request=1 match=single year_min=1970 year_max=2017 season_start=1 season_end=1 pos 5b 5d=te draft_year_min=1936 draft_year_max=2017 draft_slot_min=1 draft_slot_max=500 draft_pick_in_round=pick_overall conference=any draft_pos 5b 5d=qb draft_pos 5b 5d=rb draft_pos 5b 5d=wr draft_pos 5b 5d=te draft_pos 5b 5d=e draft_pos 5b 5d=t draft_pos 5b 5d=g draft_pos 5b 5d=c draft_pos 5b 5d=ol draft_pos 5b 5d=dt draft_pos 5b 5d=de draft_pos 5b 5d=dl draft_pos 5b 5d=ilb draft_pos 5b 5d=olb draft_pos 5b 5d=lb draft_pos 5b 5d=cb draft_pos 5b 5d=s draft_pos 5b 5d=db draft_pos 5b 5d=k draft_pos 5b 5d=p c5val=1.0 order_by=rec_yds is all rookie te 's since the merger sorted by receiving yards .
either skipping stones or throwing the biggest rock i can find .
if i 'm with someone it 'll become a contest to who can find the biggest/flattest rock to throw
it 's mostly harmless wax says kay bogart a winemaker who works in outreach for the university of california at davis 's viticulture program .
the grape plant produces it to protect the berries from moisture loss .
it 's also often just plain old dust adds jim lamar a professor of wine sensory evaluation at california state university fresno .
until recently winemakers believed the white stuff was yeasts responsible for wine fermentation .
in any case that white stuff is n't pesticide residue .
which is not to say that there is n't pesticide residue on the grape so wash it anyway before you pop it into your mouth .
there is no reason why you should do it .
if pleasure is a valid reason then doing heroin for pleasure is a valid reason too .
chloe saw lucifer pick up a 350 pound drug dealer and hold him in the air with one hand while strangling him seemingly without effort .
she 's seen him naked so it 's not like he 's a secret powerlifter or anything .
that mining ship looked so cool and nasty i would drop a pretty penny for that thing .
our little bug was due on halloween last year but did n't come until 11/5 .
i did a post on it just have to download the saves and replace your data
the only reason bitcoin has any value is because it is anchored in people 's minds as the primary cryptocurrency .
it has very limited practical implementations compared to say iota which can do everything bitcoin can and much more .
bitcoin has served the very valuable purpose of proposing a better way to structure global economy .
i think an alt coin that utilizes superior underlying technology will eventually dethrone bitcoin at least i hope so .
i7 7700k 5ghz 980ti 1450mhz 16gb ram 3000mhz all settings maxed no anti-aliasing .
yeah i work at a startup and i had a private meeting with my bosses on monday asking why i do n't talk to my gossipy coworkers and that it does n't align with their culture values .
among other things discussed and brought up against me i thought i was going to be fired but i was n't .
i got one at midnight last night saying it 's almost time '' with details of my pickup timeframe .
though it wasnt a purchase online just a reserve to purchase in-store
weird having to explain to a philly fan about the process
waffle house has their own language they do n't use the classic short order cook language .
we have removed this post/comment because we have received reports that it was rule breaking .
the moderation team has been contacted and if this was done in error the post/comment will be restored .
please be aware that multiple violations of our rules can result in a ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hotwife if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean i live in vancouver so i never get to see the raptors live i 'd probably pay an unreasonable amount
there 're a lot of issues with this and metoo in general
including things like briefly touching her knee '' so brief it was almost deniable '' in her own words as apart of metoo trivializes sexual harassment
ruining men 's career because of baseless accusations leads to the persecution of many innocent people
so many people have been using metoo as a way to silence male victims e.g .
kit harrington 's recant howiwillchange attacking men for having their own metoo stories because it happens to women so much more often so men need to shut up ! ''
we take all of our own sometimes we write multiple articles a month out in advance .
then have to wait to go out into the woods to take the pictures .
we only make around 1k a year right now and do not have money to pay for images that match our content .
i grew up in a rural town and i had the same problem .
the school would get upset if they heard you were walking home from school because it put them at a liability and my mom would n't let me walk because it scared her that there were no sidewalks .
we did n't even have a crosswalk at the major intersection .
sometimes towns are n't conducive to bike riding or walking .
and i think it 's fair even if people can walk or bike usually to not judge them for driving when it 's cold out .
pubg 's popularity in china has soared so high despite requiring a gtx1060 setup to run properly .
especially considering the rising wages for certain industries there combined with the relatively low cost of living compared to the us or other western countries .
someone making the equivalent of 20k usd a year can have a lot of disposable income there depending the area .
what arechetypes are the most common in your experience ?
do you feel that they 're well-balanced with one another ?
i have a serious problem with 1-click buy for kindle .
significantly would be a stretch but it 's fairly improved .
i 'm sure it 's been said a million times but the game only really truly starts when you hit max level at least in terms of content .
the story is roughly 8/9 hours long if you no-life it .
that does not mean that employee can not file for unemployment .
they will be granted unemployment if what they were fired for was not their fault .
employers must pay for unemployment insurance and each claim will raise their rates .
so yeah they can fire you for any reason they 'll still be paying you though .
if you 're not with me then you 're not in my game party
unfortunately firefly iii will not feature the ability to automatically create new transactions such as monthly bills salary deposits or transfers .
although i see the convenience of having these transactions created for you that 's not the point of this tool .
i believe that if you are serious about changing your financial habits you should be aware of what happens on your accounts .
the money you spend and the money you earn .
by entering each transaction manually you will feel what you spend .
so because of the dev 's personal feelings of how people should be aware '' of their spending they wo n't let me have reminders of my regular bills so i can plan for those expenses ?
so i get to be surprised every year by yearly charges i forgot about or do n't remember when they occur ?
budgeting software should allow me to budget not force me to juggle all my various recurring bills and their particular recurrence in my head all of the time .
no it 's like selling the rest of your stock right before the bubble bursts .
our teacher made us give presentations about grammatical parts of the dutch language .
we were in groups of 6 and we had to do each our own part .
i told them about mine and one of these guys had this massive booger coming out of his nose which stayed there for 2 minutes .
the kind of how the fap can you not know about it '' kind of booger .
so when i was done i made a small joke still being grossed out by the booger of the guy while he sneezed and i was covered in snot .
it 's not shameful or anything but that was the nastiest thing ever
sixth degree polynomial so there are up to six real values .
but the highest exponent is even so there also could be no real values .
then you 're finding the roots which is a problem that matlab can solve a bunch of different ways .
william gibson has a fascinating north carolina twang that really adds to neuromancer .
annaleis neil chat about costco jimbeam c3po statues see thru clothing new uggs ?
? new headphones that light up thanksgiving with a carebear our 5 favorite montsers and so much more !
in my defence i ve been in reddit for less than two months and have no idea on what the general consensus concerning this show is .
irl my experience is that the majority likes it that 's why i was surprised .
read chapter 4 episode 3 again he fully admits to it .
he 's probably a top 8 player in the league in a year or two .
i can hop omto counterstrike after years of not playing fps and still maintain my lifetime kill to death ratio of 1.2 .
and this isnt the new thing like in destiny where they count assists .
we are on a dying planet at best we have 1000 years of resources left for almost 70 years we have dreamed of going beyond our simple planet and what have we done from a scientific standpoint to get us there ?
we have maps for mars solid science and yet nothing !
i guess its a possibility ... grossness aside that 's pretty interesting .
i played last year and got to lvl 54 but then my account got banned i was in a 5mil ally when that happened .
i rejoined again in that ally so progression was much faster than it would normally be .
but yea a lot of arena grinding to get units .
and i am pretty stingy on using my resources i have enough t4cc to take a skill or mutant 5 to r4 in one stretch .
i just have 7 r5s 8 r4s and 1 r3 5 a lot of good 4 god tiers that did n't get upgraded yet .
complete rttl act 4 and act 5 just by doing those you can have 5 full t4cc and the extra challenges gave another 4 fully formed that is more than enough for you to progress extremely fast but i am sure you know it already .
there is no easy way to progress fast without money just a lot of effort .
i am from a third world country too no reason to hate lol
well mother theresa was a sick bitch withholding medical aid from children for the holiness of suffering '' and a bunch of bullshit like that .
read up on her she was not a good person .
the stripes and the m performance '' side panels are hideous .
it bothers me that they reversed the order of the colors on the back of the car to make it look symmetrical .
i like the cf pieces especially the front grilles .
those front lower cf pieces should really be a full front lip to make it look right .
if they make a m5 comp car i seriously hope they do n't stick all this crap on the car stock like the m6 comp pack .
i do n't usually laugh out loud more of a breathe heavily through the nose kind of laugh but i was nearly in tears at this hahahaha
this post was removed because it is not from the approved domains r/nsfw/wiki/hosts or it is not a direct image link .
please read the link on proper way to post .
please note that albums are not allowed to be posted by new accounts .
also note that new users using imgur need to link directly to the image i.imgur.com/abcdefg.png not the html page imgur.com/abcdefg .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/collegeamateurs if you have any questions or concerns .
wish i could but i 'm not buying every game twice so my son can play too .
green screens are ultimately not needed just means you got ta ' get creative with your overlay designs .
i find they are aesthetically pleasing however they are expensive for the proper lighting and mounts and on top of that they take up a lot of space .
keep in mind with the right lighting any consistent color can be used as a green screen .
for example my wall 's paint color is green and infact does transparent my background if i turn on chroma key but my lighting is not ideal so it does n't work completely as one side of my wall will be darker than the other side .
that 's not true he 's repeatedly said that he is not a bad writer .
from his op edit some people seem to think that i 'm bad at writing this is n't the case .
he wants to think that somehow he 's not bad at writing it 's just that he 's too smart to write says it 's not enough stimuli .
even off the bench domas will be a fantasy stud because he makes smart basketball plays
i still have n't ever been back to a chic-fila since that shitshow .
i actually went there on the day that gay marriage was legalized nationally as a way of celebrating .
i agree chris evans plays cap great its just that even an amazing captain america just isnt that cool .
ich weiß was du meinst irgendwie ist momentan nicht so viel emotion drin wie in sonst '' .
ich halte den bosz für einen guten trainer der ist aber halt ein holländer die sind halt nicht dafür bekannt super stimmungskanonen zu sein .
klopp ist hal so ein typ der liebt fussball absolut und bedingungslos .
den kannst du in die regionalliga west stellen und der würde trotzdem abgehen wie schmitz katze .
mit dieser emotionalen art ist klopp schlicht näher dran am fan als gute analytiker .
ein echter typ wobei man dem eher polarisierend ist .
der sagte mal in einem interview mit sabine heinrich wissen sie frau heinrich ich bin immer bereit mit jemanden über fussball und meine taktiken zu diskutieren .
einfach das telefonbuch von bochum nehmen neuruhrer suchen nummer wählen fertig .
ich denke schon dass das wieder kommt aber das braucht noch so ein bis zwei jahre .
my dad told me that if i could get both neighbours on either side to donate a section of their backyard that i could get a pet pig .
because just our own backyard was n't big enough .
well but iirc phone signal is 1 watt while microwaves are usually 600-1200
i bet your wife tells your mom my brother does n't fuck me right ''
by a clean install i mean like directories and the registry and other programming related things that i might 've broken along the way .
my files do n't take up all that much space .
it 's not a storage issue but a performance one .
i will look up in to the single rank memory .
if black friday promos is on 24th nov fri the best time '' to buy cr would probably be on 20th nov mon maybe a while after the weekend league .
i 'm in two now so it probably contributes about 15 comments per photo combined .
i was invited by a random person for one he just liked my work and the other i was invited by an irl friend .
but yeah the people i 've met have been awesome .
having a meet up with a bunch of them in cali in january !
people who ca n't somehow link 'unhealthy ' with 'sin ' are in for a real mental crash when they figure out their morality is all up in their head and has nothing to do with their bodies or souls
ive had it when im just about to reach the final area for the boss in strikes or when im running towards an npc in tower or just in general instanced areas .
not sure if thats going to be fixed with the coming patch or not but yea youre not the only one having this trouble .
i agree with jackie because i was upset with sydney and say that her political views suck and that she really hurt my feelings .
when she left i turned to one of my coworkers and made a comment about how shitty she talked to me .
op that 's gossiping and not in a friendly manner .
i do n't think you 're a bad person for doing this but you do need to understand that office gossip can have unintended consequences as you 're currently finding out .
you ca n't control what other people do so complaining about coworkers going to their boss to deal with office gossip is something you 're going to have to deal with .
also just to be clear if you do n't feel comfortable confronting someone 1-on-1 about office gossip going to your boss or supervisor is actually the correct thing to do .
while jackie may have blown the situation out of proportion when speaking with your boss the act of speaking to your boss was not inherently wrong .
standards are higher expectations are higher and consequences are more dire .
there is an app called time passages that is great !
given the enthusiasm here it 's more about logistics of squeezing it in past the 11th hour .
edit utc 17:00 checking legalities around taxations on charities .
one time i think i posted at like 11:50 .
i think my concern would be allayed somewhat if electric vehicles recognised the number of single occupant vehicles and were made smaller .
every fucker on the morning freeway takes up about 8 square meters .
a train '' of smaller single occupant vehicles would be ace .
yes the example you just provided is too on-the-nose .
on-the-nose is an idiom that means several things in different contexts but in the context of literature it typically means something like overly and overtly direct in a manner that is awkward and unnatural . ''
unless a particular character has a speech pathology or mental disorder that compels them to speak in a hyper-technical and oddly blunt manner like autism they should be speaking like well a human .
let 's say you want a character to show that their friend hurt them because said friend was mocking them in front of other people and they 're confronting that friend .
this is a natural way that someone might respond man that really hurt y'know ?
this is on-the-nose my friend i am emotionally disturbed because you recently engaged in a character assassination of me in front of social group rivals and this betrayal of my trust undermines our capacity to be amicable with each other . ''
so your dialogue for instance is on-the-nose because it sounds robotic temporarily provides omniscience knowledge of character motivations to someone who can only speculate and the way they speculate is really specific to the point of being weird .
you could literally just delete the entire second sentence and lose no particular degree of clarity that ca n't otherwise be found in character interaction and inference .
and i presume by the context of the conversation that the reader already knows ria is talking about her father .
and because you have an exclamation mark you do n't need to have the exclaimed '' dialogue tag either so you can write something that 's actually interesting and scene-building there .
as a quick alternative that 's why he was trying to hide everything from— '' ria slammed her fist on the table .
we know it 's her that he 's hiding things from because the conversation would show that .
we likely know that the fear he has was fear of her power '' whatever it happens to be because the story has led us to this plot point .
we know from inference that he was scared for a long time and thus knew all along '' because otherwise he would n't have been hiding everything .
we now also know just because of how i broke the sentence and suggested an excited inflection on the word 'scared ' that ria is angry about this while also slightly incredulous but her question of whether he was scared is somewhat rhetorical since despite the question mark she delivers the sentence with a cadence that also suggests confidence and knowing derision of his actions .
these are all things that any remotely astute reader should be able to intuit and any clever writer should be able to constantly evoke instead of spelling it out '' per se .
sometimes a narrative really does require that something be hamfisted .
but those occasions are rare and if you are regularly getting this criticism from people it 's probably twice as bad as you do n't realize it is .
edit my suggestion especially in regards to on-the-nose dialogue is to speak it out loud as though you 're reading lines from a play .
could you ever imagine yourself or anyone you know using the words he knew all along and feared the power in me '' especially in a calm collected voice ?
things that might read as clever or sophisticated to you will inexorably reveal their nature when you actually speak them since people develop instinctive understandings of how their languages are supposed to flow .
i recommend that you only write sophisticated dialogue '' for characters who are supposed to sound pretentious or stuffy at least until you get a lot more writing practice .
it takes a lot of linguistic knowledge and poetic know-how to be able to write dialogue like jrr tolkein and not sound like a complete asshat .
not much you can do except list all the work experience and projects you have with good descriptions .
yes two maxed machamps clear gyms just fine for me .
ironic that you got it at 42 life gives its meaning
who makes these decisions and what was their goal ?
native americans are already one of the biggest minorities so what would cause someone to want to make them even less prevalent .
not everyone can use conquerors haki but im pretty sure everyone can though not necessarily everyone will awaken their devil fruit .
i 'm a casual and i see myself sticking around .
i 've never had one of these pseudo-mmos click with me even though i 've always wanted to like them but finally i 've found one .
i 'm really bummed i had to miss out on the first due to not owning any of the consoles it came out for but judging by all the complaints i 'm reading about 2 i do n't think i would 've stuck around and made the most of my time/money even if i was able to play it .
for someone like me that juggles school work and the occasional social outing it 's great to have a game that only needs a couple hours a week to keep up with .
where do you live and what 's your budget ?
avg 17 plus benefits i 'm looking for a change in career right now and they are one employer i 'm shooting for .
side note just because something has a scientific basis does n't mean it 's ethical that 's a shitty correlation to assume .
got accused of sexual harassment for saying 'i like you . '
serious question girl do you got a video having sex ?
the other is just a regular book to read in case he gets bored .
his atk is so low because sometimes he pulls out the wrong one .
gdax seems to be more affected by emotional buying or selling .
i 've just noticed it tends to skew to the extremes .
when other exchanges plummeted to 1830 or so gdax fell to 1760 for example .
huh i 'll look into that the next time i make a video like this .
i was using openshot for this video it was n't great but it is free and got the job done .
i went there with my hubby in 2015 and this area actually most of switzerland is amazing .
however we preferred the smaller car-less mountain towns a cable car ride away like wengen and murren .
grindewald and the other bigger towns like lauterbrunnen looked more urban/developed which makes them lose some of their charm .
i thought this was a woman shampooing her hair in the shower at first glance
tom divorced colin 's mom so there might have been some darker days up to and surrounding that time .
when your political movement can be undermined by the fact that most people are actually straight maybe it 's time to go back to the drawing board .
i guess the more he does his power the more weight he removes from his ankles until it out speeds gaara .
image and video based submissions are not allowed by r/technology .
please try submitting to r/technologyporn r/pics r/gifs or another image-based subreddit .
for videos please try submitting to r/videos r/video r/documentaries or another video-based subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/technology if you have any questions or concerns .
why would someone put a puppy in a box like that ?
it would never even cross my mind to do that .
do i need to show this in store or is this a shelf price for this week ?
this will be hell when it comes to the front line system i guess .
it is problematic at best in it 's current state with it 's tendency to create ever more overlapping areas .
imagine what would happen if you had 30 formations at the eastern front instead of maybe 1 to 4 like now .
the front would become super long and every unit would have to cover 30 provinces with it 's 5 divisions per formation .
the ai would go nuts as it was relatively weak compared to the enemy .
my uncle came back from fishing yesterday and we got sixteen big snapper fillets and a smoked kawahai .
i feel like we won the lottery or something fish is so expensive these days .
hype as much as we can and we might just get someone to go to the theater with us !
unless they 're using their pay internationally there is no point in converting it lol .
presumably because it 's an american website primarily populated by american users and usd is a much more relatable unit to make comparisons/a point with under said circumstances ?
most of us or at least myself just right-shift yen twice to get an approximation of its actual value anyways considering we do n't know how many woolong it costs to walk into a store and buy a gallon of milk or a loaf of bread off-hand .
does n't exactly hurt to provide a more accurate conversion .
unfortunately since your account has less than 10 combined karma u/me and new account spam makes up a significant portion of all spam your post was automatically removed .
however you may still contribute by commenting on existing posts in r/technology !
additionally you may make meaningful contributions to other subreddits subreddits to increase your karma count .
if you believe this is a legitimate submission please message the moderators message/compose ? to=/r/technology subject=request for post review account karma to have them manually review your post or wait a few days and try again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/technology if you have any questions or concerns .
do n't you think my wife is a bit of slut ?
iirc the platter and the tonearm are suspended and the suspension tends to sag with time but it can be adjusted .
i understand what you 're saying my first psychiatrist did n't even want to tell me what my meds were at first and did n't even mention the side effects a lot of it just comes down to which psychiatrist you choose/are given unfortunately .
meds along with therapy are usually much more effective but it took me a while to convince my cmht to refer me no idea if it works like that where you are so i do understand that it 's difficult but medication usually is used to give you the first boost so you 're feeling better enough to work on everything else .
8 imo is too many unless we reduce the of regular season games .
people might say just start the playoffs earlier in bowl season '' but that wo n't work because the nfl exists and imo its not sane to have college teams play 3 elite teams in 3 weeks .
most college teams do n't play 3 elite teams in a year .
if you want an 8 team playoff you are advocating for a different sport .
i just saw a dude with a glorious mustache today .
same bro my hairline is running away at light speeds and been on fin nearly 6 months .
i 'm gon na stick it out for another 6 months but i do n't think it 's gon na do anything .
i 'd say to u to stick it out for 2 more months but in the mean time get mentally prepared and adjusted for the bald look
oh it 's just that having ad scaling on her e would justify buying gunblade even more so and maybe even nt for on-hit attack speed ?
ad scaling would definitely open more various item builds .
ps if ad scaling does indeed go through live when would you buy gb ?
i normally go echo sorc boots lichbane death cap liandry voidstaff for maximum damage out put but i ca n't think of how gb will replace one of my item lists .
it is locked until you reach a certain area .
if there is a text next to it unlock previous '' well it just means dig deeper try unlock the previous if avalible .
that top one is a copypasta though i 'm pretty sure it was an automod response on r/copypasta for a while .
i think they are two things that are very different and ca n't really be compared that way .
they are both great achievements and you should be proud of them while striving to be even better
ironically started by a white dude who has no idea how honour culture works .
it 's filled with some very confused individuals who want to bring the caliphate back but have no idea how a caliph will even be elected think slavery is fine because islamic slavery is nothing like everyone elses slavery support stoning but also say it will never happen in an actual islamic country
at what point does the talking stick resort arena start being referred to as the farm ?
i think i did see the not my president '' march .
or it could have been something similar there were lots of things like that .
but on the whole my facebook experience leading up to the election was 95 pro-hillary ads .
i will say though that bernie coloring book is pretty amusing .
it 's the one anime film i actually wanted to see in the cinemas as well
in effect these two service objects ipnprocessor and productredeemer will form two steps in a process of product purchase and delivery .
but how will that relationship be represented in the codebase ?
services should never know about process they exist a layer below it .
otherwise you end up trying to control emergence in a madman 's conway 's game of life .
i have n't checked but i 'd be surprised if they got the rest of the squad for £8m
i 'm equating calling zeroconf bonjour or ilink firewire with calling a web browser a savannah organizer .
it 's important to both call the app its own distinct name and call the standard protocol it implements by its standard name .
indeed failing to distinguish between the specific app and what it does '' is the general example of something that apple do to be simple '' but actually ends up causing more confusion .
then we all have to get the song names tattooed above our knees
so what if the moon is viisible what does that prove ?
you know the type we have created so we can work just like they are doing ? !
ooohh you mean the one piece of debris you see ?
how does anything in this video prove iss is fake ?
i 'm wondering how you manage more complex to read stuff like rachmaninoff or scriabin .
i would say that moonlight mvt 3 is pretty easy to read for an advanced player you can catch easily the harmonies melody is straightforward especially if you have it in you ear .
i recently started this and it took me less than 30 minutes to just go through score along with extracting stuff i want to practice first and analysis of the structure .
it seems you lack connection between what you play and what you see .
to improve that you need to change your approach a bit stop memorizing and push yourself to follow the notes with your eyes .
as you are memorizer you can also use memorizing to improve your reading take easy piece look at one bar remember it play it repeat for next bar .
i would recommend you to just go through microkosmos by bartok from the beginning it 's extremly easy at the start gets gradually harder .
it 's also a sign that you may miss some theory you do n't catch it with your sight when looking into score .
reading music is just learning how to read and interpret the patterns you see but it 's also good to know what you should look for .
try to learn how each chord looks on a stave try to analyse harmony of some piece moonlight is a good choice .
after analysing a few pieces it will become easier and you will be able to recognize harmony just by one sight .
please read the entire message before messaging the modteam .
because your account is new under 10 days old or your account has very low comment karma your submission has been removed .
this action is not directed at you personally r/cats requires all accounts to be at least 10 days old and have at least 25 comment karma in order to create new threads .
comment karma is not the same thing as link karma .
if you have less than 25 comment karma it is easy to get simply participate in a few discussions and you 'll have the amount you need in no time at all .
message the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcats and let us know .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cats if you have any questions or concerns .
a lot of people dont seem to get the conecpt of halloween anymore .
amd builds the ps4 's cpu/gpu so i do n't see nvidia teaming up with them .
imagine where we could be now if we had a joint space agency since then .
way less money/power would have been wasted into military spy satellites and the development of new weapon technology .
and the ground we stand on is a very little ball .
i do n't want to waste energy fighting for control .
..and they keep binding my feet to the ground fearing the lost of me .
this is a fight that has no future just an endless cycle which has to be broken .
but im not great at turning my head thoughts into reading words .
yeah i ca n't do that either sometimes i get a really good point pop up in my head about something but i just ca n't explain it for the life of me .
i would prefer if we were just voting for the first mob to be added and then the others are added in over time based on votes
you just have to convince me that you can have a brain and also believe in fairytales as an adult . ''
this was your comment when i said you were n't any smarter than believers .
yeah also poland was like the only big region of europe not affected by black death .
i assume its nature having mercy on them since just being between germany and russia is enough .
so the_donald is so poorly managed that we have to police it for you ?
no one 's forcing you to read it retard .
maybe accept that the internet 's a big place and you ca n't force everyone to agree with you .
go put on your stupid clothes and play golf or whatever it is you old assholes do .
get out of the way and let the next generation start cleaning up your baby boomer mess .
that 's the only other thing i can think of and frankly should have mentioned that before dismissing you entirely
game studies are a really exciting branch of studies i 've written my ba on that and the lack of research and relatively small number of sources make your research seem much more significant .
i do n't think any armour in the entire game is like this .
again there is no reason whatsoever to believe this .
they can make kale 's power level whatever they want .
i 'm just here for repetitive memes about star wars prequels .
dislodge raza and i do n't see how zimbabwe can win
that people have memorized a religious text word by word .
that 's an argument i 'm surprised kessler has n't made and i 'd be interested if someone had perspective on why he has n't done so from a legal standpoint .
to me it shows a pretty clear preference on the part of ussf for mls as does the league 's original founding and ussf 's finding in favor of mls instead of the a-league in the lead-up to the 1994 world cup .
why is it that these huge waivers can be granted in the case of some leagues for the good and growth of the game '' but not in other cases ?
to me ussf has n't made a legal case that their actions have been pro-competitive .
u/mcsaucy4418 was correct in stating that it 's from the sports medicine '' episode 01x12 the exact quote is in reference to how long would the beneficiary have to be able to live before he 'd be okay with aborting .
i 've actually given this a lot of thought and my personal tipping point is 7 years 8 months and 14 days . ''
the timestamp from the quote in the episode is 23:44 24:00
would you rather kevin spacey sit on top of you nagging you for sex maybe grabbing at your penis and implying that he owns it or would you rather just take a beating and lose an eyeball ?
making it interesting by putting from a software dev perspective '' in the title yet you basically told us nothing .
if u are going to afford a high amount i would reccoment a hardware wallet but blockchain is also very reliable .
ok now this is your opinion which is fine but you are looking at this the wrong way which is fine but dont come here and caps lock a whole post just to talk shit and not give any solution .
shame on the people who call u names and mock you thats also fucked up
either he is shorting or trying to fill his buy orders .
shorting that deep would be very brave so i guess he is accumulating more .
holy moly that 's so much bandwidth on that ram ಠ_ಠ
so many snack packs chocolate packs have such small toys to attract kids .
wonder why there is no choking hazard warning on them .
and if you go even further back you 'll see it 's from england etc etc etc
also you just went on a rant that had pretty much nothing to do with my post .
i managed to snag a working madcatz tes for cheap on ebay .
the only problem with the stick is that it 's missing the bottom half of the case .
where should i go to buy a custom fightstick case ?
in addition what additional tools would i need in order to firmly keep the sanwa stick in place .
looking for some advice on how to best deal with a recent break of a 9 year relationship .
i initiated it because i came to terms with the fact that we just were n't compatible and wanted different things including him wanting kids and me realizing i probably do n't .
we went through a lot over the years and on more than one occasion had a serious talk about things that needed to change etc and ultimately things did not improve at least for me .
sex was always an issue and i have been depressed for some time and i really need to work on improving and loving myself before i can be in a healthy relationship .
he is my best friend and it sucks so much because he did nothing wrong and was heartbroken .
i feel heartbroken too but i have hope it 's going to be the best thing for us eventually .
i became sure i needed to end things and i did n't want to string him along feeling this way even though it is all such bad timing for so many reasons .
we lived together so i 'm moving out and staying with a friend until i can get my own place next month .
we also had a trip planned for my and our friend 's birthday in a few weeks which my brother and his friend were coming along to as well .
due to an unforseen break in work for my ex a while ago he was n't able to afford his half so i happily agreed to pay for all of it .
the resort we were going to stay at would be paid in the trip so can be cancelled but my brother and friends already paid for theirs so they are going regardless .
my ex said to go because i was paying for it anyway and he could n't afford it but still i do n't want to hurt him further .
i guess i 'd just like some perspective whether it would be super insensitive of me to still go on this trip ?
honestly i do n't even care too much one way or the other because i 'll feel sad no matter where i spend my birthday and maybe i 'll feel even more guilty by going .
on the other hand tickets are already paid for i have the time off work maybe it will do me some good to get away and i was really looking forward to it before all of this happened .
i guess i feel like i should n't have fun when i know i 've broken his heart and i feel awful .
tl dr ended 9 year relationship and we 're both heartbroken .
should i still go on a group vacation in a few weeks my ex was supposed to go on ?
new animal idea for the ark '' the tesem https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tesem .
i believe that this would be a fun species to see because it 's a extinct species of dog .
to the best of my knowledge it is the second known species of extinct dog the first is the paleolithic dog https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paleolithic_dog which might have just been another species of wolf which we already have https ark.gamepedia.com/direwolf .
they would be tamed passively with cooked meat cooked prime meat cake https ark.gamepedia.com/sweet_vegetable_cake cooked mutton and some sort of kibble https ark.gamepedia.com/kibble not sure what kind should be used in that order .
i 'm unsure how untamed tesems should behave towards players but i suppose they should run if you get to close to them though they might also approach players by themselves .
much like direwolf https ark.gamepedia.com/direwolf the highest level tesem will gain a alpha boost https ark.gamepedia.com/direwolf alpha_boost and have the compy 's https ark.gamepedia.com/compy pack boost https ark.gamepedia.com/compy pack_boost .
unlike the pack boost from the compy other species will gain this bonus such as players direwolves dodo https ark.gamepedia.com/dodo troodon https ark.gamepedia.com/troodon lystrosaurus https ark.gamepedia.com/lystrosaurus otter https ark.gamepedia.com/otter equus https ark.gamepedia.com/equus sheep https ark.gamepedia.com/ovis and/or other species .
this is to show how dogs are normally pretty accepting to adding a different species to their pack '' .
another possible ability is to have it fetch dropped items and dead animals and return it to you .
this is because the tesem was a hunting dog .
though incredibly loyal they unfortunately would probably not survive encounters with most of the other creatures of the ark '' .
they can not be ridden though i suppose you could carry them around though it would be a hinderance kind of like the dodo or dung beatle https ark.gamepedia.com/dung_beetle .
some costume ideas would be a skeleton tesem set animal https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/set_animal though it might also make a good variant like the yeti https ark.gamepedia.com/yeti or unicorn https ark.gamepedia.com/equus unicorn or another dog species .
i started dating this guy about two months ago and have known him a couple more and we seriously get along really well he 's always been nice to me and we have the same humor and interests .
tonight we were talking on the phone and he brought up the topic of transgender people .
he said something along the lines of they do n't exist due to chromosomes blah blah '' and i said yeah they do . ''
he laughed and was like hah so that 's why your vagina is so big it 's remnants of your balls . ''
i said thanks gon na go cry now '' which is what we say when one of us jokingly offends the other but i actually meant it .
i hung up and cried for a solid 20 minutes .
he texted me saying i must of fallen asleep and that he cares about me and i mean the world to him and to have sweet dreams like he did n't just make me bawl my eyes out .
my vagina has been a huge insecurity of mine since i was like 11 .
i was always terrified to have sex because it 's fat and big .
and of course the first guy i have sex with makes fun of me for it the day after he takes my virginity .
i feel like garbage and just texted him i did n't '' to his accusations of me falling asleep and he 's just confused now .
i 'm a little pissed that he 's not realizing that i hung up after he made fun of me .
i 'm usually not this much of a little baby but this hit me for some reason and i 'm embarrassed to tell him that it offended me .
has anyone found a primer that performs as well as the mufe smoothing one but more affordable .
i use this on my nose because it 's where my foundation tends to separate first .
this primer keeps me matte and makes pores less visible .
all other primers i 've tried have fallen short of performing as good as the mufe one but i 'm always curious to see what else is out there .
so it was 3:31am when i started this i 'm on my phone in my room a room which i still have n't paid rent on .
i 'm 21 just got my sia badge security and i live a pretty goddamn lucky life .
i have great friends i live with i 'm brilliant at socialising and have friends and acquaintances everywhere .
i 'm funny but stupid i understand people and am as far as i 'm aware generally well liked .
i 've been told by many of my friends i 've helped them that i 'm unique and they do n't know anyone like me .
i do n't mean to and to me it 's just not something i ever really think about .
not that i 'm trying to make it sound like i 'm oh so kind or great because i do n't think about it that way i just do n't is all i 'm saying .
i 'm not saying all this to show off or make me sound so totally awesome but because i 'm just kinda ranting and figuring this out as i go .
i do n't know where to go with my life .
i do n't feel depressed just kind of empty ?
i mean i met a girl yada yada thought i liked her but after spending a weekend with her after thinking she was special i 'm just kind of meh '' about it all .
i guess actually i feel like i 'm broken .
or in a way that causes me anguish but in that i just do n't know if i can make those deep connections again .
i realise i 'm 21 and so still very young and very inexperienced .
i know no one has all the answers i know everyone is unique and that we all have shit we 've gone through .
i do n't believe i 'm better than anyone in any capacity i have flaws and secrets and strengths and experiences that i learn from just like anyone else .
i guess this does n't really make sense it is just a ramble of thoughts after all .
anyway if anyone does read this and ever wants a chin wag do n't be afraid to pm me
currently a student who took the semester to reevaluate their life .
i 'm majoring in business admin for the hell of it .
i 've been thinking a lot about my major and i️ think i️ want to change it .
i 've never been interested in the health field i 'm bad at science and math so stem is out the question .
i️ would n't mind being a elementary school teacher but the pay is so sucky and honestly i️ have to think of a decent future .
i️ would love to major in psychology and education and become some sort of school counselor but idk .
depressing to me since i️ do n't know what to do .
it 's time for me to register for my classes for spring and i️ need to know what to major in by then .
this is sort of a rant/help me post lol .
i lost my flask at some point during the greensky bluegrass set .
i went to the portapotties near the meadow and it could 've easily fallen out of my pocket then .
it has a silver/chrome top and bottom and is wrapped in black leather .
if anyone happen to locate it please dm me !
basically a messed up situation traffic ticket i decided to dispute refused to sign/pay .
considering the effort the authorities have put into intimidating me into paying i figured it was worth an update
now i have paid a couple tickets in the past where i was in the wrong .
i fully realize there is a slim chance that some a prosecutor can decide to have me arrested and held in detention for a a couple days while they investigate '' but this was just one of those tickets that was beyond reason and decided to stand my ground .
while i was out of the country the police tried to send a threatening letter via certified mail .
i was n't there to accept it and it so it was returned to them .
they obviously did n't like this too much and the station is very close by so they sent out someone to harass me in person a week later ... in the middle of the day when i was at work .
noticed a missed call on my phone looked it up and sure enough it was the local police station .
came home that night to the threatening letter shoved in my mailbox inside an envelope with my name handwritten on it and the officer 's hanko date time etc .
it 's what you 'd expect of the j-police just trying to apply pressure with minimal effort shitty printout of a standard pay us by this date or we will send this to court ! ''
threatening letter with red text added at the top for extra effect ... and a bunch of blanks where my info is handwritten in .
standardized form house calls what really gives it away as just standardized intimidation procedure is the lack of a payment slip .
now 2 weeks have passed since the pay by '' date so ... .success ?
last instance i know of with something like this where the prosecutor pursued the case the court sent out a summons letter within the week .
update 2 it 's been about a month since that last threatening letter .
i 'm at home with a cold relaxing in a hot bath i know i know blasphemy to the locals when the same officer shows up again .
he could probably hear my podcast going and my dog running up and down the hall so he insisted on ringing the doorbell for quite awhile before slipping something into the mail door .
i was n't expecting any packages and the religious foot soldiers and salespeople regularly ignore all the no solicitors '' signs at the building entrance so i was n't about to interrupt my bath for whoever it was .
when i finally got out and saw what was left it was yet another copy of the exact same threatening letter as before this time with a new date .
but same officer 's name and stamp so no follow through on the first threat just the same threat again .
to recap it 's getting close to 4 months since the ticket was issued .
they have no signature on the ticket their registered mail was returned to them and their 2 attempts to hand deliver me pay us by this date or it will go to court ! ''
have failed and the first date elapsed resulting in nothing more than a 2nd letter and new date .
at this point my guess is they 've put in more time/effort to collect the fine than the fine is worth .
been using good ol dictator lately and he 's very fun for me out of no where !
i seem to be struggling with being crowded '' if that makes sense ?
any tips with that and any general knowledge would be helpful .
i solo queue in 3s currently mired in gold iii .
something i see all the time is once overtime starts one of my teammates will stop offensively rotating entirely and sit in goal leaving me and the other guy to play 2 vs 3 .
it drives me crazy and i 'm wondering if i 'm missing something here .
i understand doing that to protect a 1 goal lead with ten seconds left but i feel like it totally breaks the flow that got us to ot not to mention the dedicated goalie always seems to miss the save because they 're a not positioned at back post the way you naturally would in a rotation and b they 're ice cold sitting still for twenty seconds before having to make a split second move .
is this a legit strategy i 'm not getting ?
feels like it 's just playing scared '' when it comes to sudden death .
i 'm having trouble with moto alexa working with a wired headset and i 'm wondering if anyone else has tried .
voice activation will seem to work for a few minutes with my headset but then it will invariably start to give an error tone when asking for something else .
additionally something is also interfering with voice activating google assistant with my wired headset .
again i can sometimes get both of them to activate and answer questions for a few minutes by launching each of them manually once but after a few minutes google no longer listens and alexa just returns the error tone .
i 'm sorry if this is n't the right place for it but i was n't really sure where else to look for this .
i met the girl of my dreams in south korea in 2014 and we spent several blissful months exploring and adventuring all over seoul and the surrounding areas .
she loves korea and all things korean and has recently filled up her planner that she bought while she was there .
i was wondering if there was anybody who could possibly help me out by picking up a few cute planners from artbox or daiso or homeplus ... really any place that they sell these cute little things .
i 'm willing to send you 50 for the items and another 50 for shipping to repay you for your kindness .
it would mean the world to me to be able to get her some more of the cute things she misses from korea .
she likes cats korean bbq big bang and pretty much anything small pink and adorable .
if anybody is interested or knows how to help please reach out to me .
here 's a picture of us on top of the suwon fortress enjoying life and each other 's company .
i will do anything i can to make her smile and thank you for your time .
is it an upregulation of alcohol dehydrogenase or a neurological adaption to alcohol ' s effects ?
so today driving home i got hit from the side in a roundabout my rear quarter panel got pushed in and there 's an obvious hole my 100th anniversary wheels are damaged from the side and my steering is completely off and swayed back and forth from driving it home 10mph .
should i just fight the insurance for claiming my car as a loss even if there 's a chance that it could be repaired ?
check engine and traction control lights also on with transmission sounding odd
see my recent atg post for the offer does n't have to be a set .
so how do we think the fight 's going to turn out ?
i 'm going to say yang starts whooping ass but then the one with the sword takes a swipe yang block 's with her prosthetic and gets a falsh of phantom pain .
allowing the other bandits to beat the crap out of her and drag her to raven .
any of you hardcore trivium fans going tomorrow and want to meet up there and grab a beer before the show ?
over a week ago i got upset after i tried to initiate foreplay and got rejected .
i got so upset i needed two days to cool off and talk to my girlfriend .
the reason being is that i do n't feel like my physical needs are being met .
things were rocky from the get go because she has severe depression and anxiety but having a little bit of experience with it i was able to understand where she comes from most of the time .
we did well communicating these issues especially when it came to sex .
sex was an uncommon thing stress anxiety medication and her sex drive is very low so we made do with things like oral and using our hands .
the past couple months i have gotten one half-assed hand job .
i like to think that i am patient when it comes to these things but having sex seven times a year and dealing with her depression/anxiety is making me sexually frustrated .
i apologized a couple days later saying to her how i felt and maybe we can look into ways of increasing her sex drive .
she shot that idea down but did n't have anything to offer in terms of help just kinda looked at the whole thing pessimistically .
i said i fear if this happens again we 'll lose each other and after a week we barely talk now .
tl dr gf and i fought over sex and sex related things .
now its weird and we barely talk after a week .
would like to know how to place orders for buying/selling stocks from my broker terminal ?
a little details about the various options would be appreciated .
hi i 'm 13 and i just started reading h.p lovecraft 's the call of cthulhu and i can tell you for a fact it 's my favorite lovecraftian short story ! ! .
lik the one time lovecrafty said said that is not dead which cn eternal lie and with strange aeons even death may die . ''
i was agreeing so much i'am smarter then you 're average lightning gun teen at middle school to even though i have one .
i may be young but i 'm smarter then every non-lovecraftian occult pantheon theist on earth basically the story is also really deep when they said like ph'nglui mglw'nafh cthulhu r'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn '' i was so blown away as they must have big balls to say that in 1920 's literature so i told my friends on r/nightattheopera and they agree too .
lol once when my mom took me to mc'donald 's i asked for the rhleyian dipping sauce and the dumb bitch did n't even get the reference xd one time in class i evan shouted i 'm cthulhu arisen once again '' and mrs.janice told me to go outside i fucking hate that cunt school is for dumb ppl just like what lovecraft said i m too smart for such imbicells .
but yeah i love the call of cthulhu and i 'm actually smart enough to get it to .
in which folder fdroid keep downloaded apk could n't find by search .
after 4 weeks of weekend league and no fifa points i 've managed to obtain this squad .
i traded a little bit nothing to drastic tho .
if i could do it and i 'm a bang average player then any of you nob heads could do it .
fifa is not totally p2w although it is somewhat good luck lads !
looking for one more to hopefully do the pools challenge on prestige .
i 'll be honest we are just going to cheese it to get the gear .
20 first then 19 for trade transaction since its a 30 limit then again i could just give you 30 and be happy with 1 key
lol is this the part where the flailing trumptard coward pretends he likes getting beat up buy his betters nad exposed as a spamming pussy ?
people like you are the reason things like war exist .
there 's a special place in hell for the likes of you and when you inevitably get there i hope they play non-stop freeform jazz and ass rape you with a squeegee for eternity .
keep flailing it 's not like you can do much else when you leave your safe space and get beat up lol
ok you know you want to show off that stunt stick of yours .
or better yet you want to show off all five of your skate bananas .
line 'em up on the living room carpet or prop them against the closet door in your dorm and take the blurriest goddamn cell phone picture you can then post it here where nobody cares .
or maybe somebody does care and you can talk about which banana is best .
honestly though if you have a rad quiver and you want to show it off or maybe you just bought your first full set-up or you 're stoked on a new pair of goggles or whatever post 'em here .
welcome we are the 22nd sas arma mil-sim unit .
our main goal here is to create a fun and friendly environment for like-minded players to enjoy themselves playing arma and many other games we encourage you to interact with other unit members outside of arma .
the more you bond with your comrades the more you might enjoy the whole unit experience .
if you have a problem with anyone or anything happening in the unit do n't hesitate to talk to any member of command staff .
the thing we fear most is people feeling like they are not getting the best out of their experience we are here for you fun just as much as our own
though we use the 22nd sas name we have only used the sas as a platform to base our unit off of we are by no means trying to replicate the exact workings of one of the most respected special forces units in the world .
we do things the way we think works best if you think we could do something better let us know .
the command staff is made up of experienced arma players who have worked together since arma 2 units giving us over a decade of combined mil-sim experience .
we are working hard to make this the best possible environment for everyone and do our best to help when we are needed .
our ts is http 22ndsas.typefrag.com my name on there is a. moreno .
feel free to hop on and hit anyone up with questions or if you are interested in joining .
hi everyone i am working closely with different companies looking for mandarin korean and japanese ... i have available jobs for you located in makati ortigas and taguig !
is anybody else checking back on this sub-reddit daily to see if anyone actually obtains this trophy ?
need info on traveling to revelstoke for the first time ?
for new and experienced snowboarders with any questions at all about snowboarding including gear learning what to wear where to go what terminplogy is rad etc .
please ask questions in this thread and let the r/snowboarding community help out .
this is meant as a judgement-free and welcoming environment for noobs to ask any kind of question related to snowboarding no matter how dumb it may seem .
hi i recently got hold of an old computer and i 'm in the process of upgrading it .
specs are fx 8350 on an m5a97 evo r2.0 board 8gb ddr3 750ti .
it 's got a brand new 1tb 7200 hdd .
i 'm trying to install windows 10 and got a free copy of the education version through college .
started last night with a usb made on the windows media creator tool .
it was all going smoothly but it 's reached a screen that says ‘this might take several minutes .
i 've found a lot of info about the upgrade sometimes taking ages but finding it hard to find out about clean installs .
any advice or should i just keep waiting it out ?
it 's been like this for about 8 hours now !
some background i 'm a bit of a novice cyclist .
from the 20km commute to the track gravel riding and occasionally taking my bike down some nearby hills including an abandoned/shut down ski slope .
i currently have a halfords special offer full suspension bike-steal .
it 's been a good work horse and has always got me to where i need to go and has survived a fair amount of punishment since my wife bought it for me around 2009 .
however i 'm now doing more commuting and my 20 km round trip will occasionally be going up to 40km a day .
there are 3 brands in finland which are obtainable to me .
i have no idea which one i want to buy from .
do any of you awesome lot have any experience with these brands ?
i 'm looking at getting a gravel or cyclocross bike as i 'm commuting more and more .
occasionally i will do the trail runs and some off road stuff .
the reason i have chosen this style of bike is because i will be riding it all season through finnish winters rain snow etc .
so it 'll need to be able to equip fenders and a rear rack as i 'll be looking strap my gear to my bike rather than always carrying it on my back .
i think i 'd find a gravel bike more comfortable than a cyclocross bike that 's just based on some research i 've done .
which is something i 'm looking for with the increased distance and the fact i 'll be carrying books a laptop etc .
now if you happen to have experience with these types of bikes from these brands your opinion would be much appreciated however if you just have experience with these brands just some info on how you found them as a brand would be great .
should i stay away from them or not ... and so on .
i 've read reviews and what not but these tend to me over a short period .
for someone who might have lived with products from these brands as my next bike will probably something that i will use for another 8-10 years .
what gravel bike/cyclocross bike should i buy from these companies for commuting/track riding and very occasional off roading .
in an era when the world 's stock of information is measured in whopping billions of terabytes far too many organisations do nothing with data goldmines sitting right under their nose .
most companies have no idea how to put the resource to work and use big data for business .
meanwhile their nimbler and more data-savvy competitors are leveraging troves of consumer data to great effect and snatching customers away from their peers gradually driving data laggards out of existence .
so if you still think big data is n't for you you might be missing the boat and hurting your business .
however making big data management and analytics your cornerstone strategy promises to generate a new wave of opportunity .
anyone know when we are going to be able to play again ?
i find it very annoying that everyone can controle cpu .
it should be so only one play at a time can controle the units .
i have now played multiple games where cpu or dosconnected units were useless since 5 people were fighting over them .
never has there been an animal that 's so godamn op it is virtually impossible to get dragon and kraken because they one shot everything there 's only a bloody yeti in the most populated server of mope that 's damn stupid .
so my partner cheated on me last month i 'm not going to go into the specifics since i 'm not here to be told to dump him .
we 've had a very serious and long conversation about where we stand what lead to it and what we 're going to do about it .
the outcome of that was were going to try and move past it and work on us .
i just want to know if anyone has any tips or advice for moving on and rebuilding trust etc .
i know it is going to be a long process and we 're not expecting to be fine overnight but yeah .
again though we 've already decided to try and work through this so i 'm not looking to be told i should leave .
tl dr partner cheated and i 'd like advice on what helps when moving forward with the relationship .
since rewards from revenants are not passing here is a idea from me
numbers can still be adapted and are to discuss .
tl dr item that increases damage output and damage taken increases acctual hits on you not only accuracy .
increases accuracy and damage for meele by 10 but when you get hit there is a 70 chance that the hit will be incresed by 25 .
the extra accuracy and damage effect will only take place after 4ticks 2.4s of wielding the item to prevent only wearing it for 1tick on spec .
during those 2.4s you would already be under the effect of 70 chance of 25 increased damage intake .
turns into dust after 60min of usage in combat time .
stats offensive stats also str of a dragon defender but 20 in all defensive stats .
a def requirement would be wierd since its destroying your defence .
revenants will drop reverse elysian shards '' at a 1/150 rate for the highest lvl rev rarer for lower lvl 's
shards are tradeble once a player has 60shards he can go to thurgo and he will smith it into the reverse ely for 1 redberry pie .
when a player dies in pvp and looses the reverse ely the opponent player will get as many shards as minutes where left untill degradation .
example player a dies to player b after using the item for 23.5min player b gets 36shards .
to help ppl figuring out how much time is left how much loot potential there is the graphics of the item could slighly change .
since its degradeble and rare it wo n't be viable to use during slayer and bossing .
wo n't be usefull for rushing because there are no 1-handed rush weapons and you have to be attacking for 2.4s already .
but will put yourself into a really dangerous place .
imageine 2 guys both using this item fighting each other would make for great content .
basically you hold a defender the wrong way around this makes your carracter extremely agressive but vulnerable .
thanks for reading btw if someone is good at those yellow text on black background and would support something like this feel free to make a better version .
i learned myself unity and released my first game called holls it 's a mobile puzzle game made for android ios .
the goal is to find the treasure on each map which can be quite a challenge .
different types of objects direct you towards the right location for example a signpost will direct you towards the treasure but passing a wolf will block its path .
it is loosely inspired by the witness a great game that introduces complex puzzle mechanics without the need for tutorials .
in less than 12 hours iexec rlc is showing the first version of their fully-distributed cloud computing platform and word on the street is that they 'll likely disclose a partnership with a fortune 500 company i 've read on their slack that they 've been in touch with ibm intel and so on .
their team is made of top-notch phd researchers who worked in the field of distributed computing for decades .
this might be the last chance to get in at a cheap price .
i 'll post the address of my eth\btc wallets later if those who benefited from the advice will feel generous enough fingers crossed !
rosetta has her bag packed and ready to go .
the counselor of the aphrodite cabin was only going to be gone for a few days with ryan .
rosetta was going to be on the cover of vogue and the process of the photo shoot could take a few days .
she wanted to bring ryan along so that maybe her sister can have a proper photoshoot maybe that is if gigi hadid agreed .
the hadid sisters have recommended rosetta to shoot for the cover of vogue for years but she never really considered it until now .
thanks to the sisters they gladly promoted rosetta to the company of vogue .
she earned the spot on the cover within weeks .
gigi who was the cover on vogue at least twenty or so times was happy for her friend .
by the time she returns which would be a few days rosetta 's face would be on the cover promoted to do other photoshoots and who knows what else .
the counselor of aphrodite was walking towards the exit of the camp her brown hair tied into a fashionable fishtail braid and her casual jeans and tank top made her seem like she was going on vacation .
her sunglasses were on the top of her head as it was n't too sunny yet .
i 'm a bit confused with all that talk about bcc and bch .
all i want to know is if it 's the same thing
so i log into chrome on my galaxy s6 and what do i see ?
do you wan na install adblock suggested by google themselves ?
feb is not strict but like sometime around then would people be keen ?
hey i need a laptop with a 4k display fast cpu i7 or amd idc as log as its got high ghz
do you prefer a 2 in 1 form factor good battery life or best specifications for the money ?
dont worry about a os as long as its not osx mac ''
15 inch plus would be nice 4k would be great
if you 're gaming do you have certain games you want to play ?
any specific requirements such as good keyboard reliable build quality touch-screen finger-print reader optical drive or good input devices keyboard/touchpad ?
leave any finishing thoughts here that you may feel are necessary and beneficial to the discussion .
i want to install debian on a root zfs but i do n't want use whole ssd for that i want to keep 2 partition for ssd cache log .
so it 's possible to zfs on root only on partition and not whole disk ?
just a quick write-up on my experience on monero trading sales and all that .
last week had my first big sale in xmr a c3000 blade chassis with 4 x bl460c gen8 blades .
the whole transaction went trough in xmr and you might even know the happy owner m5m400 supportxmr .
i made some extra money trough exchange not a lot but still
m5m400 got his shiny new hardware on a below-market price
being part of a community built on trust is priceless
5. this was my first actual xmr transaction where goods changed hands .
i think it would be an awesome feature if we could make guides using only steam app .
so that i could make a guide when i am bored in work or in school and test it when i get home .
let me know what you guys think of this .
i 'll be having fun for a second and then i 'll remind myself that i have to do something the next day and it makes me anxious restless annoyed and stressed the whole time .
how do you learn to live in the moment and not for the next day ?
the stupid scoreboard at the end of the game takes so long to go away by the time it does im locked into the countdown for next game .
friggin sucks when im trying to open crates or look at stuff i just unlocked .
i should not have to hit someone dead on to kill them .
the splash damage on this thing is non existent .
i can shoot the ground right next to their toe or the wall right behind them and nothing .
oghuz khagan or oghuz khan turkish oğuz kağan was a legendary and semi-mythological khan of the turks .
some turkic cultures use this legend to describe their ethnic origins and the origin of the system of political clans used by turkmen ottoman and other oghuz turks .
the various versions of the narrative preserved in many different manuscripts has been published in numerous languages as listed below in the references .
the narrative is often entitled oghuznama or narrative of the oghuz .
the legend of oghuz khan is one of a number of different origin narratives that circulated among the turkic peoples of central asia .
the anonymous uyghur vertical script narrative of the 14th century which is preserved in paris is a manuscript that was probably already being modified to fit with stories of the mongol conquest as paul pelliot has shown .
but it does not have any suggestions of oghuz khan 's later significance as islamizer of the turks and it does not include the figure of moghul mongol as an ancestor of oghuz khan .
abū'l-ghāzī 's 17th century version roughly follows rashīd ad-dīn 's already islamized and mongolized post-conquest version of the early 14th century .
but in his account oghuz khan is more fully integrated into islamic and mongol traditional history .
the account begins with descent from adam to noah who after the flood sends his three sons to repopulate the earth ham was sent to hindustan sam to iran and yafes went to the banks of the itil and yaik rivers and had eight sons named turk khazar saqlab rus ming chin kemeri and tarikh .
as he was dying he established turk as his successor .
turk settled at issiq kul and was succeeded by tutek the eldest of his four sons .
four generations after him came two sons tatar and moghul who divided his kingdom between them .
moghul khan begat qara khan who begat oghuz khan .
for three days he would not nurse and every night he appeared in his mother 's dream and told his mother to become a muslim or he would not suckle her breast .
his mother converted and abū'l-ghāzī writes that the turkic peoples of yafes from the time of qara khan had been muslim but had lost the faith .
according to legend oghuz was born in central asia as the son of qara khan leader of the turks .
he starts talking as soon as he was born .
he stops drinking his mother 's milk after the first time and asks for kımız an alcoholic beverage made with horse milk and meat .
after that he grows up supernaturally fast and only in forty days he becomes a young adult .
at the time of his birth the lands of the turks were preyed upon by a dragon named kıyant .
oghuz arms himself and goes to kill the dragon .
he sets a trap for the dragon by hanging a freshly killed deer to a tree then kills the great dragon with his bronze lance and cuts off his head with his steel sword .
after oghuz kills the dragon kıyant he becomes a national hero .
he forms a special warrior band from the forty sons of forty turk beys clan chiefs thus gathering the clans together .
but his chinese stepmother and half-brother who is the heir to the throne become intimitated by his power and convince qara khan that oghuz was planning to dethrone him .
qara khan decides to assassinate oghuz at a hunting party .
oghuz learns about this plan and instead kills his father to become the khan .
after oghuz becomes the khan he goes to steppes by himself to praise and pray to tengri sky-god .
while praying he sees a circle of light coming from the sky there was a supernaturally beautiful girl in the light .
oghuz falls in love with the girl and marries her .
he has three sons which he names gün sun ay moon and yıldız star .
later oghuz goes hunting and sees another supernaturally beautiful girl inside a tree .
he marries her and has three sons which he names gök sky dağ mountain and deniz sea .
after his sons are born oghuz khan gives a great toy feast and invites all of his beys lords .
at the feast he gives this order to his lords
let 's all take swords and shields kut divine power will be our sign grey wolf will be our uran warcry
our iron lances will be a forest khulan will walk on the hunting ground
sun is our flag and sky is our tent . ''
then he sends letters to the kings of the four directions saying i am the khan of the turks .
and i will be khan of the four corners of the earth .
altun khan golden khan on the right corner of earth submits his obedience but urum roman khan of the left corner does not .
oghuz declares war on urum khan and marches his army to the west .
one night a large male wolf with grey fur which is an avatar of tengri comes to his tent in an aura of light .
he says oghuz you want to march against urum i want to march before your army . ''
so the grey sky-wolf marches before the turkish army and guides them .
the two armies fought near the river i̇til volga .
then oghuz and his six sons carry out campaigns in turkistan india iran egypt syria with the grey wolf as their guide .
he becomes the khan of the four corners of the earth .
he calls his six sons and sends them to the east and the west .
his elder sons find a golden bow in the east .
his younger sons find three silver arrows in the west .
oghuz khan breaks the golden bow into three pieces and gives each to his three older sons gün ay and yıldız .
he says my older sons take this bow and shoot your arrows to the sky like this bow . ''
he gives three silver arrows to his three younger sons gök dağ and deniz and says my younger sons take these silver arrows .
a bow shoots arrows and you are to be like the arrow . ''
then he passes his lands onto his sons bozoks gray arrows elder sons and üçoks three arrows younger sons at a final banquet .
abū'l-ghāzī identifies the lineage symbols tamga seals and ongon spirit guiding birds as well as specifying the political hierarchy and seating order at banquets for these sons and their 24 sons then he says
now i am giving my land to you . ''
in the scientific literature the name of maodun is usually associated with oguz kagan an epic ancestor of the türkic people .
the reason for that is a striking similarity of the oguz-kagan biography in the turko-persian manuscripts rashid al-din hondemir abulgazi with the maodun biography in the chinese sources feud between the father and son and murder of the former the direction and sequence of conquests etc .
oghuz khan is considered mythological founder of turkic people and ancestor of oghuz subbranch of turks .
even today subbranches of oghuz is classified in order of 6 sons and 24 grandsons of oghuz khan .
in history turkmen dynasties often rebelled or claimed sovereignty by saying their rank is higher than the existing dynasty in this tribal classification .
oğuz and oğuzhan are a common masculine turkish given names which are used in memory of oghuz khan .
an introduction to the history of the turkic peoples .
ethnogenesis and state formation in medieval and early modern eurasia and the middle east .
volume 39 issue 1 2011 pages 33 – 53 .
the aqquyunlu clan confederation empire a study in 15th/16th century turco-iranian politics .
so i 'm currently overseas and wo n't be back home until january next year .
my so and i miss each other badly so we planned a five-day stay at a hotel when i come back .
of course sex is bound to happen but my so does n't want to use condoms since she complains about it hurting her so much even with lube .
we always used condoms whenever we had sex but now she suggested that she use birth control instead .
she had already been on birth control for most of the last year but stopped because she could n't bear the side effects and she was n't consistent on taking them .
but now she decided to give it another try and start this month so that when i return she already would have been on the pill for at least two months .
in our country we have limited options on pills so we found two that she could use a nordette and b lady levonorgestrel ee .
the second pill was the one she had already used before .
two months of successful birth control use would be enough to prevent pregnancy right ?
does this mean that finishing inside her is possible without a risk in pregnancy ?
would the frequency of sex increase the probability of her getting pregnant ?
we plan on making the most out of our five-day accommodation .
this may make me seem like a complete noob in sexual matters but i just wanted the opinion of others from this subreddit since i 've always been a paranoid person .
i 've had fairly severe social anxiety ever since i was bullied from age 8 .
i am 22 now and yet back in february i would shake panic sweat feel like vomiting and having thin shits every time i had to go do anything minor social like show up for school make a phone call whatever .
in march i moved away from my parents on the countryside and to a big city and trust me it has been tough at times .
going outside and feeling like i stick out and like everyone judges me as a loser .
i have worked hard on getting over my social anxiety though by going out as often as possible .
any social events i could find without having a circle of friends .
i kept challenging myself despite how tough it was and how sick of fear i was .
my big turning point was when i decided to face my fear of dancing .
i was gon na make a complete fool out of myself in front of so many people and so many attractive girls .
but i was so proud of myself for going and even if i felt like a fool nothing bad happened .
i started realizing no matter how big a fool i make of myself there are n't actually any consequences from looking stupid .
later in the summer i took a trip by myself to couchsurf in two other countries to further challenge my fear to get myself into unknown territory and situations .
i would never in my life have thought i 'd be able to do this considering i used to be afraid to take a bus .
but it went great and it gained me a ton of confidence in myself .
since then i 've worked hard on my social anxiety/uncomfortableness with girls and with learning to be myself and be happy with being myself .
forced myself to ask girls out to go on dates to hit on girls at bars and what not .
still terrified of this one but i 'm getting there .
to show how far i 've gotten since i decided to start challenging myself i am now going out every day of the week without problems .
rarely any anxiety only a bit of common nervousness now and then .
i am even writing this post from the set of a tv show that i signed up for to further challenge myself and break my limits as i am waiting for the next recordings to begin .
in february i was afraid to make a phone call .
now i stand in front of cameras that show me on national television and i do n't feel a hint of anxiety .
just wanted to share my story as i am very proud of what i 've accomplished and hope that maybe it can in some way give hope or inspiration to some of you
does anyone know of any voice mail services that feature the ability for the caller to be transferred to another number at the press of a button ?
such as press 1 to be transferred or leave a message after the tone '' .
i know youmail has this on their paid version but i have had issues in the past with reliability through them .
i do n't care if its a free service or a paid service just looking to see if there are any other alternatives .
have n't been able to find any looking through the store .
i have my third sleep study in two weeks to check that i definitely do n't have narcolepsy .
a job i could only do by removing all semblance of a social life and go to bed at 8pm to keep the fatigue in check enough to survive a work week .
i got a job offer however the start date is the same as my sleep study .
so they withdrew the offer cause i could n't do the first three days training out of 8weeks .
i just feel so overwhelmed because i know there 's nothing to be done for my fatigue and it is not only costing me a social life but now also a job .
there are no talks of decompression and conventional ih/narcolepsy medication has had zero effect on my .
i just feel in the literal sense hopeless right now not knowing when my next pay check will be or what will pay the rent .
and yes i have applied for around 30 jobs the past month .
last time it took me two years to get a job .
so i just really came here to rant and to say to everyone herein the same situation with no chance of a positive end to these symptoms i salute you and your strength .
may you have energy and may your migraines be rare .
did anyone purchase the skin and can add a screenshot of it ingame from the back ?
i really like it but since i mostly see it from the back i would like to see that first before i purchase .
just to make it clear if i wanted to check the booty i could just do that on the regular skins since the body is the same duh .
i want to see what the hair looks like from the back under that hat .
today is the first day i only take 1/5 of the amount i normally take when i first started to taper i only sleep 4 hours today ?
any1 get it too if i get insomnia should i just jump off ?
my only fear is the insomnia and the body aches .
i 'm just posting this once more as the stack exchange proposal for self driving cars has stalled in a big way with only 46 complete .
to reiterate there is a proposal here https area51.stackexchange.com/proposals/113997/autonomous-vehicles to start a q a site for autonomous vehicles .
60 followers are required and 40 questions with a score of 10 or more .
i 'm in a very small company working on automotive radar and am hoping that such a site could provide support to me and others working on emerging autonomous vehicle technology .
it would be great if you could lend your support .
cause there ai n't no fucking way i 'm trading anyone on the hornets just to get vince carter .
so i mentioned this to my guild yesterday as a sort of joke but then really thinking about it started to worry this could be a reality .
the movie 's true initial battle '' if you will started off with finn and rey escaping in the falcon against multiple first order ties .
i 'm thinking because it 's the first thing in the movie because they 've made the falcon farmable for almost 2 months and because you can unlock it initially at 4 i simply would n't put it past cg to start it off this way .
double drops for rey/falcon hard node for 4 or 5 days leading up to it and boom .
it 'd be messed up but also kind of cool and fitting to the actual story itself .
either way i 'm working on the ship as should most people simply because it 's the falcon .
i was like who is this green kid all of a sudden now and why are things so fast in the first episode itself d
i then thought omg if first episode is so blown me away stuff then what about the rest of the season .
so we 've seen a yellow spren in oathbringer and it 's been hanging around the group of voidbringers right ?
after reading through the coppermind and the 17th shard i have a sneaking suspicion that voidbringers are just anti-knights radiant and that the yellow voidspren has bonded with one of the parshendi in that group khen possibly but thats just a gut feeling
the reason why i believe this is so is because of the fact that voidbinding has its own levels that reflect surgebinding and on this https coppermind.net/wiki/file twok_rear_endsheet.jpg the spren 's colour matches what would be the bondsmith order and the likelihood of these being parshendi forms and not orders is possible .
hi just wondering if anyone on this sub or the sub itself has a referral/invite link which i can use to get 15 off a gmmk mechanical keyboard .
with the release of the chapter from 'before the storm ' we know that sylvanas plans to attack stormwind this has led to many people reacting saying that she 's 'garrosh 2.0 ' and in general people are fairly upset over this .
but i do n't believe that it is what it seems to be for a few reasons ...
same way that they have n't done a master of the undead expansion or a second world destroying dragon ...
it 's already been done before and blizzard know that fans do n't like more of same ... 6.2s boats say hello ... that was a complete rehash of content if you can call it that that we already had ... and did n't enjoy
we like to sit back and laugh at blizzard saying they have no idea what they 're doing and that everything they do is a massive shit show joke ...
they allowed that chapter to be ready before blizzcon to get people thinking worrying even .
why would they release a chapter of a new book that spoils the next expansion a day before they officially reveal it ?
they want us to think that but in reality it 's a misdirection
sylvanas character lately has undeniably been turning villan ... or so we seem to think .
let 's not forgot were the same bunch that believe jaina is evil ... we 're not still thinking that ... are we ?
i believe sylvanas is the latest victim of blizzards questionable writing ... misunderstood but not evil .
obviously the book seems to be centered around her .
blizzard has been dropping subtle hints for well over a year at this expansion and none of them besides ilgynoths whispers point to sylvanas being evil .
speaking of ... 'the king of diamonds had been made a pawn ' obviously magni ... 'the boy king serves at the masters table ' most likely anduin ...
after retrieving his father 's sword in 7.2 he kinda disappeared from the story one would think velen would drag him to arguably at the very least he should be an npc on the vindicar .
'the boy king serves at the masters table ' the master most likely being nzoth .
what we see as anduin in stormwind could very well be a minion of n'zoth there to spread whispers and manipulate greymane into another war with the forsaken .
where he will kill sylvanas ... 'at the hour of her third death she ushers in our coming ' at this stage that line makes no sense except maybe sylvanas or possibly lordareon that 's another theory i have that i 'll share if people are interestsed by killing sylvanas it will lead to the desolate council being in full control of the forsaken and the undercity under which i believe n'zoth is imprisoned or at least nearby .
'to find him drown yourself in the circle of stars ' everyone believes the he here is nzoth but could it be anduin the real one that we 'll search for next expansion .
recently it was discovered that an old crest of lordareon has a circle of stars on it .
kul tiras used to be part of lordareon it 's not a stretch to believe that we would be searching there along with the noticably absent from legion ... jaina who could have kidnapped anduin to keep him hidden while nzoth tears the horde apart .
i know ... any theory that has jaina as evil usually does n't last long but it 's possible this time around .
somehow which will obviously be revealed in the book or inevitable cinematic we will discover how sylvanas learns of all this and launches an attack on stormwind to kill the thing pretending to he the king anduin wrynn this preventing the old gods coming but of course it 'll happen anyway ... or else there would n't be an expansion which ties in with cthun and everything that 's happening in silithus following antorus .
possible storylines would be jaina greymane and sylvanas finding the real anduin how sylvanas discovered the plot hunting down the desolate council and much much more .
i know but it feels most plausible than blizzard pulling a garrosh 2.0 ...
tl dr anduin has been replaced with a minion of nzoth and sylvanas has uncovered the truth and is on her way to attack stormwind to stop the old gods coming .
western massachusetts red here going to be in the city for business and do not want to miss the west ham match any ideas where to watch with my fellow reds ?
selling a 0.008 ump scaffold and unapplied bish holo sticker for a combo of 2k .
with the new moves found in the recent apk it is reasonable to expect a move shuffle with the release of gen 3 .
if it 's anything like last time move values energy bars energy generation etc .
could be changed in addition to pokemon being able to learn new moves .
using any tm right now might prove regrettable later when we find out the new moves meta that gen 3 brings .
will included bonus plugins in my pro tools perpetual license disappear when my one year subscription expires ?
we bought our first home in june and the po had put in a new covered deck looks like regular pt decking boards maybe 12 ' x 12 ' and said that we should seal it before winter .
well between one thing and another we have n't gotten to it .
however we still have random warm days oklahoma and the highs this weekend are supposed to be 80 lows 50-60 .
i 'm trying to decide if i can get this done this weekend because the humidity looks to be ramping up and the temp dropping mtw with rain on wednesday .
should i just wait until spring and squeeze it in before the tornados start ?
any good guesses on what the overwatch team could announce during the event ?
makes no sense to me do you really like people alt-tabbing out of your game to trade ?
with mario odyssey it would come to around 370 euros at most
but 420 for the system alone ... hell no ... even tho i am tempted
i have yet to buy ys viii and blue reflection on ps4 and since both cost over 45 euros if i choose to import them now i 'd most likely have to pay 30 of their price in customs fees so here 's hoping play asia has a sale or they dorp in price before they sell out lol
on wii u and project zero 2 on wii already have the wii u project zero so that 's two fairly pricy games right there
for whatever it 's worth the food lab cookbook might be a good one to check out .
also remember your local library probably has a fair amount of cookbooks to check out as well .
neither console had a stellar first party lineup at launch .
sometimes i get on at 4 and you are still up .
easier to rebel when you are n't on the brink of starvation .
just the act of voting on it could get them all indicted for obstruction and the smart ones know it .
to take it even further the nba is structured to incentivize tanking more the baseball with a quicker turnaround too .
one or two superstars can completely change the dynamic of your team in the nba in a relatively short window and those superstars are rarely found outside of the top few picks of the draft .
mlb the draft is much more of a crapshoot prospects take much longer to develop and one or two star players do n't make as big of an impact as they do in the nba .
side note 2 of the 4 flops were drafted by our organization and a 3rd appel is struggling with us now .
that 's ironic given that you 're arguing against not-enforcing structural norms on trans people
why do you lie about what people have constantly told you ?
yeah ive seen responses on social media to get people to write not '' on these posters
the more rabid devils fans follow the team for road games in a dodge grand caravan .
no villian goes up to someone and says i need you to join my side to lead my minions against your people 'cause i do n't think they can do it alone . ''
will a cleanly shot/instant kill animal taste better than one that bled out and ran .
the reliant is the whitney houston of ships in a sea of chris browns .
i love the ship it flies nice handles well sounds great .
but like whitney it punches weak and gets it 's shit kicked out by every other ship in the verse .
i mean when an aurora can beat you you 're in the wrong ship .
yes that 's exactly what it can be used for .
fixing and optimizing is n't done in a day .
they already have build 1.0 together they are looking at ways to make sure it 's bug free and patchable into the live build .
i only read this one book about him i think he had three or four sons .
for what it 's worth he has moved into a kind of lewis black role and it totally works for him .
to me it is refreshing to hear bullshit being called but to each their own of course .
i mean it was the evidence suggests otherwise '' leave that up to the users to decide it was n't in the title of the tweet uploaded .
i thought this was going to be a joke about them reusing the explosion in generations .
one of the earliest accounts i could think of where even my young mind did n't want to see or admit that that just happened in front of my eyes .
i was n't suggesting that one tells the doctor they have symptoms they do n't have .
often a person may have a medical symptom that they think is unrelated to a deficiency or a disease and not mention it to the doctor smooth tongue and brittle nails are also symptoms of a b12 deficiency for example .
it 's good to see the common symptoms of diseases you think you may have online for example .
i find it 's better to go in prepared and slightly educated about medical issues with doctors .
her final smash would be her just smacking people with her staff yelling hai over and over .
they are adding health scale to other things to just hope that test chest gets a health scale so it would be fair and a more chance of loot
i stayed away until someone convinced me to watch fullmetal alchemist the original .
i thought of going back to start up 's just so much risk no benefits lower pay ussualy ... .
please use the financials flair for these types of posts in the future
you realize if the roles were reversed and something else was more evolved than us we would be in the same situation .
i 'm really going to be disappointed if disney takes star wars and turns it into one of its fairy tales about love .
oh you killed your father yes you can still be my prince .
i think the stay suggests ca2 has concerns with judge failla 's holding that a player missing games is not irreparable harm .
but i do n't think it indicates one way or the other what ca2 thinks about the merits or larger motion for stay pending appeal .
i think ca2 figured nfl wo n't really be harmed if we stay this one more week so a panel can take a closer look but zeke would be harmed if his suspension is truly unlawful or in violation of cba let 's let him play this week and take some more time to dig in . ''
venus is most definitely not a compatible planet haha .
it 's atmosphere is like 95 c02 and it 's surface temperature reaches around 872f 467c .
i do n't think there are any compatible planets in our solar system .
i would like to see more of a push for exploration and rovers on moons such as europa .
it has an atmosphere primarily of oxygen surface of silicate rock and water ice and hypothesized oceans underneath .
ya but i got for an ips panel or a tn ?
hey now i only gave up free wins the first two games .
i was only 1 square away from tying ornan twice and if i had n't made a positioning mistake late that led to a gunner surf i think i would 've tied that game .
if y'all are going to keep being negative about me at least be accurately negative .
i ca n't see any other way for him to survive prison .
he must 've liked it bc he 's constantly bringing it up which shows how disturbed he is ... and kreeenie going along with it and thinking it 's funny is even more screwed up !
she 's spending too much time with him she 's becoming a pole too !
i wonder how long it 's going to last if she ca n't get to the u.s. ?
i 'm sure the k1 visa refusal is bc of pole !
i was pretty sure that 's what she had in my at the beginning anyway !
no question he is s tier in 1v1 situations .
i would probably bump him down to high a in 4v4 modes but not many would agree with me there i think .
sorry i got tired you either consistently misrepresenting my arguments or failing to understand them .
i wish i could afford the non-resident permit i 'm up in illinois like every other month and it sucks going through shady gas stations at night unarmed .
i kind of like the idea but at the same time feel it 's pretty unnecessary .
if they were going to revamp the grab system i do n't think this would be the way to do it .
also if you force jason to grab in a 2v1 situation it 's typically a free hit for another counselor .
if they were to change anything to the grab i would like to see grab cause health or stamina damage instead of just insta-killing anyone with full health/stamina .
or if it would also be a nice buff for jason if they gave him the ability to just drop/toss someone he has in his grab cancel his grab to switch to another target rather than being locked with the person that is grabbed .
with my luck it would just be a casual acquaintance with robots .
just do the best you can and learn from the struggle .
it does prepare you for the work force where you are also expected to come in and infect everyone .
it 's like taking a test with 100 questions and only having answered 10 .
you could get all 10 wrong but still end up with an a or b .
hoping to attract a dom with that figure if yours i can see .
as a convicted felon myself just home to have faith their hard work a look like it 's for nothing and they might want to do something quicker for cash but just tell him to have faith that all their good work will pay out in the end
all orders share the immortal words and then speak four other ideals unique to their order .
except for lightweavers who speak truths instead of ideals .
jokes puns and off-topic comments are not permitted in any comment parent or child .
any comments that violate these rules will be considered as trolling and will be subject to removals or bans .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/formula1 if you have any questions or concerns .
nice haul wanting to order the fleece and pull over soon
any chance you could take a closer pic of the tnf logo on the pull over ?
according to rule 3 in the sidebar you must include the name of your posted item in the title of your post .
there is more information about the rule here http www.reddit.com/r/nostalgia/wiki/rule3 .
if you choose to resubmit the item please follow this rule .
note rule 3 is suspended on sunday for our sunday funday ! ''
the point was to see if people would call it racist which they did .
they are n't backlit like tablets so you can read them as long as you want without eye strain .
a fire with a screen protector would not solve this .
the black and white screen is not an issue as long as you are n't a graphic novel reader .
an ereader does one task really well reading books .
if you 're not much of a reader then i do n't really see the point .
i agree this kind of line is way too common in reddit .
people equating anti-occupation protests with people that want to destroy israel and commit genocide against non-arab israelis is just a ridiculous line that i 've heard too many times here .
but if you use canoe wit a pal rom it 'll probably run too fast
need the video of bryn forbes challenging jordan bell at the rim to even this out .
i want to do network and later on security but knowing some things about itil/prince2 seemed handy .
seen them getting mentioned a lot on job applications .
it 's a classic that will never go out of style .
okay so just fyi if you are only sleeping 4 hours a night it 's shortening your lifespan by like 20 years .
no we got some different dialogue acknowledging or tipping hat to certain things .
sounds like the problem is him as a person not any type of addiction
i never noticed the noid in that domino 's commercial before .
just so you know for some other time you now can redeem keys through steam 's page .
a b l e i s t p r o p e r g a n d a
i was more miserable at the 43rd ag during winter than i was when i was genuinely homeless
from what i understand rosenstein would the acting ag and trump would have to appoint a new one .
a lot of people say that wo n't happen since some republicans are going against trump but then again the republicans seem on board with the cut cut cut tax .
personally with the way things have been for the last year i would not be surprised if the republicans did a rush approval on a new ag .
what you 're proposing is the violation of the property rights of thousands and thousands of real estate owners changing canadian immigration policies while creating hardships for many recent immigrant changing the ways different branches of government interact significantly rewriting our real estate laws and then starting a massive government funded infrastructure project .
the new but not really new motto of the gop .
i actually saw a discussion on r/whatisthisthing earlier about this exact thing .
apparently there is a scam where you take the item out of the box fill it back with something that weighs the same and return it to amazon .
amazon does n't check the returned boxes properly and just sends it out to a new customer .
it is also likely that op and his friend are trying to bamboozle us for karma .
a night at the roxbury did the outside club thing better !
i am a bit nerdy-looking i guess so not really expected .
after they discover i listen to metal they then get surprised to know i am a quite enthusiatic fan of classical music .
she used to participate in orgies and had some insane parties .
you do n't know if you waved your speedy ?
if you did i would demand a speedy trial in open court asap it 's your best bet it sounds like .
i 'd bet money that you 're significantly less clumsy when you 're not being yanked 'out of the way ' every five minutes be it verbally or physically .
xu xin is a penholder find his videos on youtube and see how he holds his paddle hint like a pen
i have a fuel sour tangie cookiewreck and chocolope kush that are all phenomenal
i feel like if we stuck rigidly to a 3-4-3 like we did last season instead of switching in and out of a 3-5-2 musonda would have had much more game time especially given the early season injuries to hazard and pedro .
ed in which case not wanting to go out on loan over the summer totally would have made sense given the squad 's lack of depth and inability to get a 3rd striker which is almost required if you want to play in a 2 forward setup .
they voted for the party because it 's enabling them to slowly implement sharia law .
they hate all the other people who vote liberal but use them because they 're useful idiots who give muslims the means to bring more muslims over here .
it 's a clear cut boundary of a situation in which consent is n't considered valid no matter the circumstances rather than a question of what the victim 's perspective on the matter may be .
yeah man it 's breville got it as a gift from my realtor when we bought our first house 5 years ago .
we 've used it 5-6 times everyday since we got it and has n't given us a lick of trouble .
i would say it rivals anything i taste in 98 of coffee shops .
shall i go to your town or will you come over ?
i 'm in enemy territory bay area but that wo n't stop me from watching kings hockey !
however i 'll be near the golden gate bridge tomorrow so i try food there
i 'm not showing that your gift was marked as shipped .
when the time comes to report no gift you can do so at that time .
since it was n't marked shipped you 'll be in round two of rematching .
except with trading higher middle class taxes for lower inheritance taxes .
i agree it is flat out racist and do n't agree with it anymore than you seem not too .
what if it called for deportation of all white people ?
i still would n't agree with it but i would support the right of someone to send it out .
i agree in the right to free speech and we must defend the right of people to say even that with which we disagree because one day it could be something we say and find our rights taken away .
thats a new one i only know the alt f4 one
esports are pretty fucking stupid so i do n't blame her for not understanding them .
hp is a better indicator of how much acceleration you can get once there are gear ratios involved .
i do n't think anyone will argue that the very low torque v8 and v10 f1 engines did n't allow the cars to accelerate quickly .
homeless guy in the bathroom eating his own feces on a drug fueled haze .
i used mine from 12 years ago and still had 6.90 on it !
all apologies u/sleiman7 but your post has been automatically removed because the artist was posted too recently r/music/comments/7a3o5y/greta_van_fleet_highway_tune_rock .
if you think this is in error or this is a new release within the last two week please contact the mods message/compose ? to=/r/music subject=post removed in error. message=https reddit.com/r/music/comments/7ag6gg/greta_van_fleet_safari_song_rock .
if you 're new to the subreddit please read the full list of rules r/music/wiki/rules .
do n't blame me i 'm just a bot .
i 'm curious as to who those two are ?
i for one can get enough of lt stamets .
this weekend 's episode solidified him as my favourite crew member .
i think i 'd rather have this for once than another game where we have a billion shots and still do n't score
unless you 're gon na make me a hot toddy and watch me drink it i 'm sober tonight .
can no longer make mom oblivion staff phase boots orb of venom ring or health ring of regen vanguard bottle .
and you get a free tp at the start of the game anyway .
i 'm a teacher at bumfuck highschool '' vs. i 'm head of department x at caltech ''
if you publicly post a statement under your own name calling me a nazi bigot how is it wrong for me to point to your own public statement and denounce you ?
it 'd be one thing if i posted your private address or phone number in order to get back '' at you .
but if i simply point to your own public statement please explain how that 's wrong ?
also i 'm going to go spy on fwc because i want to know how good that hand cannon might be .
ok thanks for the tip we are n't pulling anything and the body should n't be heavy so we 'll be sure to try that .
looks to me more like he 's thinking maybe mommy and daddy 'll love me now ! ''
i 'd recommend either calling or walking in and asking if your local starbucks can spare a bottle .
best to it early in the week ask when a stock day is so that it 's more likely you 'll get one that just ca n't fit on the shelves .
it 's rolling out quick this time android 33 is already updated
the duty is to the customer corruption money in politics corruption and lobbying fines and regulation violations illegal antics mass firings etc do not help the shareholder directly .
if it 's all about the shareholders then why is it that employees with shares get fired ?
we allowed a really stupid policy to go through that prevents companies from doing what 's right .
that middle sentence is what 's amusing to me .
they make up 90 of what i watch and pay attention to .
but it 's just silly to me to take sports so seriously that you never get over something that another athlete did in the heat of the moment .
when blake goes off i 'll see if i can trade him for someone have quite a few guards and i 'm trying to trade wiggins but he 's going to be a solid player overall however fg is an issue .
i told him to call the texter 's bluff .
lol i bet there were n't any pics to begin with or if there were they were n't clear or solid proof to where you could make out our faces .
that worked so beautifully before maybe it will again .
edit the sheer irony of that post forced shim 's overlords to delete the post and the username .
xen has really interesting punk-rap style kinda like a more polished and less weird xxxtentacion and his voice is fucking amazing .
my personal favorite verse of his is on unmask by ski mask on drown in designer his best solo song is probably death to he who crosses me even though the outro is kinda wack
yea it is always nice to have players who seem to want to be here for reasons beyond the paycheck .
would n't be surprising if he stays in the us after retiring .
he spent so long out of brazil in ukraine so maybe he does n't want to go back to brazil .
fabi seems to want to stay in us/become a citizen too from what i 've heard
i remember her character being sharper/quicker than she appears to be here .
if taquitos are small tacos burritos must be small burros .
reading playing guitar going on walks or walking my dog .
you stated inaccurate information about blues dropping above your light level in response to a thread talking about the lack of options to level up beyond 265 .
you can have my jacket but it wo n't be free . ''
bernie is ultimately irrelevant to this story as brazile describes in a non-incumbent year the party traditionally does not merge with a campaign until after the primary .
a year before biden was still inconsideration of running he declined in october of 2015 and the primary in theory was still open to other democrats like martin o'malley lincoln chafee and others .
all of whom were viable enough to make it to the initial debates .
there was an expectation of clinton 's dominance and as we know maneuvering for her to control the party ahead of schedule but it was supposed to be an open race .
it was n't simply unfair to bernie it was n't simply unfair to the more pure '' democrats to who ran against clinton it was unfair to voters who deserved to have a choice .
it 's within the dnc 's rights to conduct it that way but it 's undemocratic .
for a party that rightly rails against the gop voter suppression it makes the democrats look hypocritical .
how can a party that supposedly stands for making your vote count turn around and then say dem 's the breaks '' pardon the pun when backroom shenanigans are exposed ?
justify it how you want but i think if this pattern of king/queen-making continues people outside of happy places like r/politics will be even less enthusiastic about the democratic party and thus less capable of opposing trump .
which pays you for the hours you work during that month .
basically you get a letter you take it to the apprenticeship school and they fill it out including the hours you worked for that month and they mail it to the va typically receive a check in about 2 weeks .
i did this when i first got out because i could n't find anything .
was worthwhile but i 'm not physically capable of continuing so i 'm going back to school .
you will still have gi bill benes left over when you are done as well .
almost every construction trade is eligible for this through the va .
i was just trying to let you know what can happen .
take classes about things that interest you outside your major .
the disgusting and rejected frog or dragon of the fairy tale brings up the sun ball in its mouth for the frog the serpent the rejected one is the representative of that unconscious deep so deep that the bottom can not be seen '' wherein are hoarded all of the rejected unadmitted unrecognized unknown or undeveloped factors laws and elements of existence .
actors are typically paid on a episode per episode basis right ?
if they 've only shot 1 episode why would he make more than the salary for said episode .
idk how much they 've shot but ca n't be more than 2 or 3
oakland the last time the dodgers went to the world series was 1988 the a 's won the world series the next year .
but for some bosses/fights you do n't want pets running around .
but this is a super easy super simple build for people to pull 30k no pet with .
please make sure that whatever you end up gifting to your giftee is something that is based on their preferences and is not just based only on what you create and what you like .
they do a sort of hybrid steam/fry cooking method .
https m.youtube.com/watch ? v=kh88bbq9isu they will substitute a scrambled egg if you ask .
the app 's audio comes through my mic while it 's plugged it .
yes but the argument was that white eyes would n't allow a batman actor to emote while we 've seen another example of a zack snyder character convey a massive range of emotions with white eyes .
yeah the other side got in bed with the kremlin to undermine the election process but there were shenanigans at the dnc !
—i mean it all seems like it was more or less legal ?
no charges are being filed as far as i know .
not like manafort being charged with conspiracy against the united states .
anyway back to the absolute outrage of the impropriety and breaches of protocol and unseemly ambitions !
burn the witch ! ! ! ! 11 ! ! !
granted there are fewer deployments these days but if you 're staying in for more than one enlistment it 's far better to start there and get to experience teams life than to come back and try to be in charge when you do n't really know what it 's like .
what does harvey weinstein have anything to do with this ?
i find the nioh combat to just be plain superior than ds .
smh i 'm losing my precious iq i need for rick n morty
because that 's how pretty much any other traditional sport is .
again i 'm a huge esports fan i 'll certainly be watching the overwatch world cup tomorrow .
but it is distinct from most other professional sports which is why it 's prefaced with 'e '
when i send a risky message at 2am in the morning and you see the other person starting to type but then the decide to just leave you on read and go to sleep .
well how am i fucking meant to sleep now ?
no this is not something that people want to see lol
but everyone goes to see remakes and spinoffs so that 's what we get more of .
until they stop and hollywood finds a new vein to mine .
also dressed up as ariel from the little mermaid for halloween with my girlfriend as prince eric that was a fun night
imo one should be very careful about banning stuff you dont because if they start banning then they might ban what you like .
maybe you think communism is good or worth discussing and maybe you think a isolated state is something worth pursuing .
you have to hope that the people banning are on your side .
but if you allow everyone to talk you have a more intellectual space where real discussion can prosper .
i do also understand incels are worse than discussing communism but where would the line be drawn is what my argument is based on
you can replace jeskai elder for smuggler 's copters .
copter 's resolution triggers prowess and it helps to head for the skies when the ground is at a stale mate .
copter 's cycling ability also lets you ditch all those extra lands in the mid game for more spells to fuel prowess .
these guys are mostly right about ao but if you 're really curious about what ao is and why it 's not used anywhere and everywhere it 's because it 's an approximation .
because it 's such a cheap effect to process it 's used often in real time rendering to approximate what 's known as contact shadows '' .
where they 're referring to the cracks and crevices this would be where one surface is so close to another that it would likely not be illuminated .
in cycles you do n't need to use ao because not only does it already properly calculate lighting including global illumination bounce lighting but also because adding ao would give your render that cgi look '' which could be unintentional .
as for game engines the reason they say you should n't bake ao straight into the diffuse map now is because of the pbr material system that has basically become the new standard over the old blinn phong specular map days .
you could get away with it before because of the way specular maps affected lighting but now the model is designed to be much more accurate especially in different lighting scenarios .
therefore if you try to bake a lot of lighting into the diffuse map then when the actual lighting in the scene hits those spots it throws the whole accuracy off .
a very small bit is acceptable but engines like unity and unreal have dedicated ao inputs for shaders .
have you ever thought of using your horn as a means of notice ?
you really did n't see the death of an achilles genderswap named after a guy infamous for winning at the cost of his life coming ?
sounds just as good to me d same concept different execution
it 's entirely plausible that they do n't want them to know the entire cosmology of the world but they 'd want to give their follower a reason to follow .
there was that one time he had people tweet pictures of their feet to him for a show that was oriented for teens .
dam i do n't think i can get the cropped trousers cause im 28 max and 27 tts
i 've done the exact same thing and i concur..it 's such a great romantic authentic and easy dish .
it took me a little bit to figure out the timing of not over cooking the garlic .
throwing in some sauteed mushrooms also fits in really nicely with this dish ...
its not like she keeps talking about it or mock me
umm is this a trailer for your release next week .
uses personal opinion as a sweeping generalization based on what he sees on facebook and call its an objective comment '' .
robin hood not in nottingham https youtu.be/c2dimprgib8 rachael cormack|2011-04-11|0:01:45|2,820 97 741,249
song from disney 's animated film 'robin hood ' .
that 's the problem usually the people that cry are louder than the people that like the current patch .
they will never be able to make everyone happy .
confirmation bias also called confirmatory bias or myside bias is the tendency to search for interpret favor and recall information in a way that confirms one 's preexisting beliefs or hypotheses .
it is a type of cognitive bias and a systematic error of inductive reasoning .
people display this bias when they gather or remember information selectively or when they interpret it in a biased way .
the effect is stronger for emotionally charged issues and for deeply entrenched beliefs .
i 'm sure adam would much rather prefer positive thoughts than negative ones .
i took an exercise class there a month or so ago it was fun and surprisingly difficult .
the place seemed nice enough there were obstacle courses and dodgeball areas and whatnot .
i dunno how fun it 'd be for an adult to just bounce around for an hour but i 'd imagine kids would have a blast .
the number one sign is if she seeks you out ... it may just by being near you especially if you are young .
in college she would probably initiate converstaion in high school ... she could just always be near you hoping you talk to her
she 's my go-to for sortie assassinations mainly using her 2 and 3 havent found a boss to survive more than 3 or 4 shots from the latron p after being hit with her 2 and 3 and the same in lvl 35-50 defense missions .
on mot in a party with a little support trin/rhino her damage can carry to 1 hour easily i get bored and re at that point .
her 3 just rips the armor/shields off everything and ive seen 2 700 000 damage from her 2 explosion and feel like if i tried it could hit higher numbers .
i really feel like some of you just dont know how to play/build her .
ive come to the realization that thats the only explanation for all the hate on her .
in edge of the empire getting those extra starting xp/credits means making your character 's life harder down the line once obligation starts biting you in the ass .
in force and destiny you can be either a light/dark side paragon or you get some extra stuff and you have to work hard to get to those paragon levels .
in age of rebellion you can either start closer to your first contribution rank up—meaning cool new toys favors and opportunities—or you can have some xp and/or credits .
eote is the most punishing f d is the best for storytelling aor has no real side effects .
i do n't why most players wouldn't dump at least a little bit of duty since collecting duty is easy it comes naturally with being victorious while obligation is hard to lower and morality takes a while to make grand shifts .
celtics ml almost qualifies ... celtics 2.5 or 3.5 alt line
he made it into a how to win at '' video from wowcrendor
check out my twitter jcbarona23 you 'll see everything there .
meanwhile i just want a proper scythe that i can use on the plains of eidolon to cut all that over grown grass .
the ones currently can barely cut grass let alone grineer
what can happen is that for instance a person is misgendered and asks not to be and then a debate ensues over whether or not it 's ok to misgender people and plenty of people will come to their defense but others will continue on saying it 's ok after all there 's nothing in the rules prohibiting it and that is a pretty cruddy thing to deal with if they just wanted to talk about bdsm without being called a dude or a lady .
it does n't matter if being correctly gendered/identified matters to you .
hello cptsmackthat your post has been removed because posts without a detailed body of text are considered low-effort and are not allowed .
you 're welcome to amend your post and resubmit it .
if you 're posting a discussion post or question consider answering your own question or providing some discussion starters .
please visit the rules page r/anime/wiki/rules for more information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/anime if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm really glad you commented because good discussion needs disagreement .
and that 's true zero 's motivations could very well be spite or maybe a mix of a whole bunch of things .
and i should n't have left out how she kills those soldiers or even murdered families just for their food .
it 's hard to tell sometimes whether she 's just incredibly determined sadistic or remorseless or all of the above .
i 'd argue that she does care about her disciples to some extent so long as they 're faithful to her .
i agree with your point about one and how she basically has the same goal as zero but it makes sense to me that zero does n't respect her .
zero knows that the intoners each embody one of her own traits so one is essentially a fragment of herself .
if i met someone who was a manifestation of a part of my personality i do n't think i 'd consider them an equal either .
might be bc they are running team and they turn to heavy passing only in situations when they need a quick score so usually when they are losing ...
but im not an expert on the bills so i might be wrong ...
is purposely did n't add aversa yet because then most people would n't pull for witch nowi in the halloween banner .
haha i 've been using the hard g. geh-bit '' is how i say it !
supposedly this has been proven with a few studies .
been using his theory for over 8 years now and it seems to work wonders .
they should make the light turn red immediately irrespective of the ped signal .
just let everyone have a red light for a few seconds while the walk cycle finishes .
not gon na lie a city burrowed into one of the mountains would be pretty dope
ya i felt like we were n't too far off tbh .
i was just worried with how you used facilitate in your explanation but i 'm glad we were able to clarify this !
as someone who made one of these links i know this sticky will help others coming here .
yes but that would need a code change since there is no function like that exposed to modders right now afaik
this sub never ceases to amaze with just how stupid it can be .
wraith eldar was what drew me to the faction as well so its awesome to see them standing on their own two feet again .
the wraithknight in particular seems to be pretty unpopular on review sites but i disagree .
probably a good 75 points over what it reasonable should be .
but with spells like fortune and not degrading in efficiency until its at 6 wounds im gon na bring it if i can .
its a great distraction and focal point especially if youre opponent does n't have great fire discipline .
every lascannon melta or rocket going into him is saving another unit .
i try and throw him into the opponents line and make him a threat they have to either ignore or deal with .
do you use any drawings apps like photoshop or sketchbook pro ?
we have them at our office depot for 230 for the 11 '' model .
i played on the display model it felt pretty good for its price .
im really considering get this for a drawing tab mainly .
which the gold piece thing is n't really viable in a game like pathfinder .
still bringing in some of the flavor spine whips !
could be a fun homage to the original myths .
and then your wife says so what i wanted that bukkake .
yeah maybe in the future sugar will be a controlled substance '' ?
the goal of the paris accord was to mitigate global warming not completely stop it or reverse it .
that is not anywhere close to the scope of fixing global warming .
i do n't think any theater is going to out of businnes just because they do n't play star wars lmao
i dunno this is pretty legible to me since it 's not monochrome .
it 's not the prettiest graph but i can interpret it pretty clearly
this this may be the biggest money-grab to date lol .
we might not always agree but i 'm with you 100 on this one .
i work with the magnificent stranger that used the last of the tp and hand soap in the bathroom and put the empty roll and bottle on top of the trash .
i 'm actually kinda glad i ca n't wrap my mind around that .
d/st philly carolina but hoping to drop carolina and pick up steelers when they clear waivers tomorrow
i love the idea of having the jags and thielen but also love the idea of keeping jones for a 9th rd pick next year .
other consideration is that i 'm 3-5 and need a run of wins to sneak into the playoffs the team i 'd trade with here is 4-4 and just above me in the division .
i really crave and want the attention that comes with being a real victim but i was never assaulted so i 'm going to try and make my story about being kicked out of my improv group seem like sexism ''
i ca n't get it too work anyway tried 2 different cards both no dice it just wo n't go through
i copied the code to remove the gap on the beggining of the tab bar and it totally worked for me maybe somebody could do it cleaner
alt+x org-mode will turn on org mode for your current file though once you get used to emacs you can configure it to automatically turn on org mode for .org files .
you need to put it in a folder named .emacs.d in your home folder .
i think i have to tell my gf about that ...
guess he had no idea that there can be off duty cops lmao
the thing is that you ca n't really force these things .
believe me i know how frustrating it can be to want that special connection but they just kind of happen out of nowhere .
just imagine yourself out in a bar some night having a good time and when you least expect it you 'll see somebody .
you 'll both talk and then meet up some other day and it goes from there .
uhh inventory management just about does n't exist in this game i 've found .
all that shit scattered in the world is worthless .
you only need to care about chests and loot from mobs .
if a piece of gear is trash shift-click and then sell .
i only have like 20-25 items in my bag at all times and most of those are runes/frames .
just glad you posted something like this more recently because so many new players are entering the ranks and its good for them to see more viable way to handle snow than using the all terrain boots
not join as single voices but as an organized bloc that turns their world upside down .
i 'm glad i originally commented i do n't typically comment .
lots of the articles and comments have enlightened me to the pharma industry in the us that i truly did n't understand thank you for challenging what i had perceived as truth for a long time .
as is the case with politics it 's often the role of the elected officials to fix '' the things their opponents did .
whoever owing allegiance to the united states levies war against them or adheres to their enemies giving them aid and comfort within the united states or elsewhere is guilty of treason and shall suffer death or shall be imprisoned not less than five years and fined under this title but not less than 10,000 and shall be incapable of holding any office under the united states .
i very doubt he 'll be convicted of treason .
if trump is convicted though the punishment will likely be a slap on the wrist .
the embarrassment suffered will hurt trump much more than the 10k fine .
they also dont chill on a bed in someones house .
that is true but it can also be a bit annoying and come off as conceited as if i know everything and am the smartest man alive .
i 'm not obviously but it tends to come off that way .
plus the whole hive mind '' of reddit tends to follow patterns and in this case it 's calling out people who seem like they 'd belong on r/iamverysmart .
i would never assume a stranger is std-free no matter what they say .
take precautions use condoms do n't do oral also just do n't meet him if you do n't feel comfortable with it .
portland oregon resident here and yes we have quite a few different seems and two weeklys .
they said i had to contact apple to ask them to trace the shipment .
spent 3 hours talking to ups and i 've determined they are incompetent .
have been told multiple different stories and everyone claims that the other people i 've talked to are wrong .
the thing people do n't seem to realize about the nypd is that they have over 170 years of corrupt history at this point .
they 've always been abusive owned by the mob threatening politicians on the take etc .
hell teddy roosevelt 's political career took off by cracking down on nypd corruption over a century ago .
could n't one argue that the burgeoning chinese middle class and their recent access to disposable income have helped to stimulate this very same industry ?
i have a family member who sells luxury watches and he does a lot of trade in china so he seems to think so .
i 've been running an etsy store since 06 so i am used to dealing with shipping internationally .
i do n't sell clothing though i can see stocking various sizes would be a pain to unload .
they do spin us around and around and around .
the triple draft latte will have you seeing colors !
and we still have it won now due to unforeseen circumstances because i do n't think we pick up kyrie if we draft fultz and given how it and the nets pick are turning out so far that was a good trade for us
and now i 'll always be with you . ''
i would n't necessarily call a person who pushed an old woman down a set of stairs powerless ... .maybe irritable .
haha he told us he does n't read the comment section on youtube .
you guys can still smoke in the bar in the states ? ! ! ?
but i went to a commuter university not a community college .
i loved community because of how much it reminded me of my college experience .
stay strong pal it 's too late for the rest of us .
guessed it would n't be but somewhat disappointed this sub is n't a thing
i mean i had no issue buying her stuff i just was n't expecting to get cheated on lol but i get what you 're saying
if you are in the circle and have full inventory and extra time drop extra items in water off cliffs or hide them in buildings .
great when you have 2 slots of shields and keep finding extra scars and splodes
it 's approaching la/bay area levels in rush hour around the city .
i feel like thats only in certain directions at certain times .
the bay area has heavy congestion for significant parts of the day .
luckily sac is a city that has many neighborhoods where you do n't even need a car .
i only drive when i want to shop for groceries .
the h7 is a great step up for you check out the macho grande and the noctus dual tower one of you 're looking to oc on air .
most reviews notably linus tech tips videos on the air vs water debate were all pleasantly surprised with the air coolers being effectively the same performance wise and way better performance-per-dollar .
personally i prefer air but it 's just a preference i know a ton of people here and personally who love the ease of an aio but i 'm not going to jump .
for what it 's worth i 've oc 'd my 1600x to 3.8 on a cooler master 212 with two fans on it and my temps are staying under 70 under load on prime 95 and i 'm still switching to this h7 deal to try and oc more with keeping my temps this low .
which is stupid imo because it means you have to choose between the og and retrain .
or its out of system so fast it wo n't be seen ?
i opened up a ticket too i do n't expect much from ign but we should speak up incase the person choosing the games did n't know as they just changed ownership
not the fact that he has no background in science whatsoever ?
trump is the stupidest man to ever buy his own 757 .
there 's like a 0.1 chance you 'd actually be banned .
some games will require you to use a vpn for 30 seconds just to activate it while others might require you always being connected which is inconvenient .
i spent five years of my life trying to invent an anal bum cover .
to my knowledge they wo n't be pushed along bt the conveyor belts but their drops will be .
if trump were a real capitalist he would n't throw a fit when a private company bans him for breaking their terms of service tbh .
it seems you did n't replace the posting rules with your question !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/skyrimmods if you have any questions or concerns .
world of overwatch the zerg infested diablo of the storm
i was being sarcastic about the implication that aot s3 being left out meant crunchy failed to get the streaming rights to it .
its transparent because the admin can see everyones passwords lol
here is a list of threads in other subreddits about the same content
president my twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee .
i guess the word must finally be getting out-and having an impact .
https www.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/7ailxy/president_my_twitter_account_was_taken_down_for on r/the_donald with 14 karma created at 2017-11-03 18:52:51 by u/perrarm
geotus tweets my twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee .
i guess the word must finally be getting out-and having an impact .
https www.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/7aiman/geotus_tweets_my_twitter_account_was_taken_down on r/the_donald with 13 karma created at 2017-11-03 18:55:31 by u/takingcoats
realdonaldtrump my twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee .
i guess the word must finally be getting out-and having an impact .
https www.reddit.com/r/trumpstweets/comments/7aimb4/realdonaldtrump_my_twitter_account_was_taken_down on r/trumpstweets with 1 karma created at 2017-11-03 18:55:34 by u/sextacularspiderman
my twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee .
i guess the word must finally be getting out-and having an impact .
november 03 2017 at 10:51am https www.reddit.com/r/responsetopresident/comments/7aima2/my_twitter_account_was_taken_down_for_11_minutes on r/responsetopresident with 1 karma created at 2017-11-03 18:55:23 by u/stevesmith2020
my twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee .
i guess the word must finally be getting out-and having an impact .
https www.reddit.com/r/tweetsfromtrump/comments/7aim7i/my_twitter_account_was_taken_down_for_11_minutes on r/tweetsfromtrump with 1 karma created at 2017-11-03 18:54:49 by u/thegamechat
unlikely however it 's does n't have to be a small majority of them being tory would topple
with my parents our family was always more nuclear rather than extended .
the best part is the lack of relatives hitting me and my brothers up for money .
when i married i migrated to a place far from my parents and doubly far from my in laws .
we have n't cut them off but i myself am not really making an effort .
i really do n't like the koombaya of extended family .
especially if the extended family has notions of assuming they can influence your decision making .
i 've been spamming her recently and i swear first back berserker 's grieves makes her feel so much smoother .
i find it really hard to believe that sessions would n't have at least asked why '' or what '' as a normal reflex .
trim all the bushes around it so there 's nothing to compare it to .
im sniper and i just cant kill no one because when i aim down the sight sensibility is so slow i cant do shit !
elected politicians get removed by the executive for economically weakening the country '' .
you may laugh and downvote all that you want but even the madrid major http www.eldiario.es/madrid/intervencion-cuentas-ayuntamiento-manuela-carmena-hacienda_0_703079935.html is now scared of that .
only been out for a bit over a year but i 've played it for at least a couple of hours every day for the past 200 or so
just did n't quite work out as expected and as i think some others might expect too .
i have n't see it mentioned anywhere else yet ?
i saw you on the way back to the u6 lol .
if this does happen then unfortunately my model 3 reservation will be canceled .
i thought 35k was the retail price on one of these ?
where would 50 come from unless it 's optioned to the hilt .
... why is there a random raaf roundel in that mess ?
i saw this pattern and it is n't quite the same .
it does n't utilize the panel and there are many smaller stars instead of the fewer larger stars .
they are pretty much just i5 or i7 marked up cpus with ecc support .
each episode is just over 10 minutes long so the whole series is under 2 hours .
i have n't seen that episode or do n't remember it .
the movies more or less cut dumbledore and replaced him with a completely different character .
how to cook grilled buttermilk fried chicken https youtu.be/4mkpz6hppsm free to cook|2017-04-26|0:04:14|86 94 14,167
in this episode we are going to cook buttermilk fried ...
i 've been reading the soule run since the start and i think it 's pretty awesome admittedly the start was a bit slow but to me it had some good moments like the single issue with cap .
also the art for the supreme arc was weak the only time this run i 've thought that but the story was great .
but besides that i 've thought it 's been a wonderful run and ca n't wait for the legacy issue and the mayor fisk storyline !
if your husband wants to meet his mom let him go by himself .
if mil wants to see the kids she can get her ass over to your place .
hmm daily pull thread if allowed might be the best
i was thinking of off topic myself but not daily .
but he went completely off the rails probably more so than trump .
because after hillary win he only reluctantly came to support her and the second something same out from her that bernie people took to be condescending i ca n't remember what she said but i remember bernie people taking it out of proportion and accusing her of hating them .
he flipped went completely nuts and started bashing the hell out of hillary and bernie for supporting her eventually declaring he was voting for trump and if that meant muslims being rounded up and shot so be it they deserved it for supporting an evil woman like hillary .
i challenged him told him trump was an anti-semite and that guy being jewish should take concern of that .
he yelled at me called me an anti-semite and blocked me .
unfortunately some bernie people are completely insane and bonkers .
we need to try winning people over who are n't them not because they 're bad but because it 's impossible to win with them alone and they 're mutually exclusive to everyone else .
it came out to 1,400 1,200 without my monitor and although i am now almost broke i 'll probably regret not going for more rgb parts down the road .
yes i do think red bull gives both drivers an equal opportunity .
who would insure a 10m claim for what was in the beginning of the year 12 to 1 odds .
he would had to have paid over 1m in insurance assuming the insurance was bought before the year started
i just do n't see the game having the same marketability as x .
and not being fully open world make it more difficult to appeal to the masses in the west .
that 's not to say the game wo n't be amazing it just wo n't necessarily see great sales at launch .
if the game truly is a gem it will see sales and interest long after launch like og xc ... and that 's good enough for me .
i 'm pretty sure those military grade bicycles are even more quiet not to mention i can strap 500lbs to the frame and use 2 inch wide trails through the jungles .
in all seriousness it 's neat that the hydrogen tech is being tested .
if faces of all things turns you off i think you should just stay away from those games especially morrowind .
seeing as old graphics '' are such a big deal-breaker for you i 'm going to guess that you are fairly new to gaming .
the gameplay in morrowind is no where near as hand-holding '' as in skyrim and if you go into that game expecting it to be like skyrim you 're gon na have a bad time .
besides i never quite understood the graphics issue for some people .
in 5 years skyrim will look like shit compared to new games hell it 's already showing its age .
if developers had to remake their old games every generation just to cater to new players they would have time for nothing else .
oblivion and morrowind are products of their time and if you ca n't handle that i suspect those games are not for you .
that being said i ca n't believe you have n't heard about skywind http reddit.com/r/skywind and skyblivion https www.reddit.com/r/skyblivion ?
they are quite literally what you 're asking for .
then i 'd like to make the point that men and women are different in this aspect as shown in the video .
of course making bad decisions while horny is gender-neutral but as i have never been in possession of a vagina i figured i was n't in a position to comment .
i lived in genève for a year and indeed the locals are fucking impatient at rush hour .
they would often crowd around the tram door trying to get on before i could even have a chance to step off .
thank you d i was little surprised nobody actually used this song for mh series .
4 for stark or 4 total for others as well ?
i got ta do what they say you know ...
it 's a lot harder to make them ageless hours ring changes they disappear upon reaching max understanding and additionally you can only have one at a time now .
on the other hand they 've individually become a lot stronger albeit using their abilities will make them disappear pretty quickly .
looney tuna ecstasy of gold https youtube.com/watch ? v=ve7pmwhnqbw looney tuna|2014-05-16|0:03:16|12 92 1,067
why would a limit to how long you can do a job you are good at be a good thing ?
that stuff is fairly common way more common then you think
we 've got a few piles of various different colours in our basement that my wife collected .
the chicken.. have skipped that part at least once during re-watches .
i wake up at 4:30💖😍💖 every morning 🎃for the grind💯👅🍆 .
if you ✨honor✨ the💯 grind the grind 💯honors you .
nacht der untoten the building at least has been in every treyarch game since nacht .
the building appeared in waw 3 times bo1 once bo2 once and bo3 twice .
there seems like other places the skin could have come from that do n't have tattoos on them like 2 '' further down the forearm .
you ca n't play offline outside of the campaign last time i 've checked but the game auto detect when you are on the same network with your buddy so it probably use your local network as much as possible .
dc gateway is my usual have been using california for a little bit since it was n't as affected but now every single gateway is in the 250 ping range .
i am on distributel dsl they rent the bell lines .
i 'm just happy for marc zumoff he deserves to call some fun hoops .
technically these forensic accountants would likely be from the irs criminal investigations division .
as a tax lawyer i can confirm though that they do not fuck around and they do carry weapons .
my fiancé and i found a decomposing shark on the beach i.redd.it
what 's the most romantic date you 've ever been on ?
without a doubt frigga followed by fandral volstagg hogun and odin even though his character was kind of a jerk until the last moment .
i do n't feel like fandral volstagg and hogun should have died .
i at least wish they 'd had a bigger part along with odin .
take the feat human determination ua feats for races should be printed in xanathar 's .
thor 's very strong sturdy and charismatic but not the brightest .
you get booming blade at 3rd extra attack at 5th and war magic at 7th plus 2 asis .
since you have a negative int modifer you 'll need spells that do n't use attack rolls or saving throws .
after that storm sorcerer or favoured soul sorcerer and specialise in lightning spells .
you 'll end up with spell slots one level higher than what you can actually learn but upcasting lightning bolt seems plenty fine for the god of thunder .
❤️ i 'm very aware of that now and inderstand that it could just be that you 're literally ill .
your body is sick and needs help to get better .
i 'm definitely getting the help i need now .
i 'm constantly working on me and it 's getting better .
more like we better be able to pick up people 's hats put them on in rdr2 ... that 's a nice hat mr put em up ''
it was just featured as the foundation 's cover photo for their annual report .
he and the dossier are the tobias funke talking himself up at the watercooler '' of the trump administration
if they know for a fact you arent a seeker or user they will throw that shit at you .
ive considered selling some of what they give me but i figure that would only lead to trouble .
i do keep a few oxycodone around for emergencies and for trusted friends who might need one or two to get by until they can see their doc
yes it does but it tastes nasty and tends to numb your tongue .
it sounds like you reacted much better than i would have .
yeah everyones like we suck again '' like its a powerplay goal relax lol
so you have a problem they actually made her look 29 ?
looks gorgeous i feel stoned just looking at it haha
what does plup say right before he turns to hungrybox ?
he 's speaking really quickly and i ca n't understand him .
the xenosaga games range from 40 hours xenosaga 1 to 25 hours xenosaga 2 with xenosaga 3 somewhere in between .
funny adding all that up is about the equivalent of playing persona 5 once .
i will be messaging you on 2017-12-19 01:23:55 utc http www.wolframalpha.com/input ? i=2017-12-19 01:23:55 utc to local time to remind you of this link .
click this link http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message https www.reddit.com/r/dbzdokkanbattle/comments/7anoxt/anyone_else_been_not_collecting_gift_stones_until 0a 0aremindme !
45 days to send a pm to also be reminded and to reduce spam .
parent commenter can delete this message to hide from others .
faqs http np.reddit.com/r/remindmebot/comments/24duzp/remindmebot_info custom http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message link inside square brackets else default to faqs 0a 0anote do n't forget to add the time options after the command. 0a 0aremindme !
your reminders http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=list of reminders message=myreminders !
feedback http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebotwrangler subject=feedback code https github.com/silver remindmebot-reddit browser extensions https np.reddit.com/r/remindmebot/comments/4kldad/remindmebot_extensions
your submission has been automatically removed because you have triggered our rule regarding charities and/or monetary requests .
please see these specific rules https www.reddit.com/r/randomkindness/comments/6td1qd/rk_attention_update_to_the_rules_about_monetary about monetary requests .
and also be sure to understand the rest of our rules here https www.reddit.com/r/randomkindness/wiki/index .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomkindness if you have any questions or concerns .
i hope it works if you get to it !
it 'd be great if you could comment if it does or does n't in case anyone else comes across it .
growing healthy root stock to graft scions from the parent tree or some tried and true variety ...
if you 're trying to propagate a variety for free this is it .
also apple trees are good for more than apples .
apple wood is still desirable for smoking i believe ...
anyway question what ever you want but try not to be a dick ...
getting upset by a post that you think is redundant seems like a pretty big waste of and energy .
which is why i 'm not saying anything else .
first set up the board so that both players have stealthed malganises
i few times before yes but now i no longer feel like i want to cry .
welcome to r/kniferaffle please read the rules in the sidebar .
op will reply to your comment to confirm your slot s .
if you anticipate you will not be able to pay for your slot s in that timeframe please arrange with op to pay for your slot s early .
the only accepted payment method is paypal friends family .
do not write anything in the payment notes section .
report to mods anyone that refuses to pay via paypal friends family
after you have paid please pm op with the name and email address associated with your paypal .
do not publicly post your email address or name .
raffles 150 or less do not require mod approval .
please pm mods with any question of price or authenticity .
mods try to keep you safe but scams are always possible trust your gut
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kniferaffle if you have any questions or concerns .
wait the stranger things/best kid in the new it is named finn wolfhard ?
that 's like one of the coolest names iv'e ever heard in my life
i needed a good cry before i got off work !
communication between the classroom and home is very important especially to parents whose children are nonverbal or less verbal .
i 'm also really sorry to hear your beloved teacher is on medical leave .
i have worked in an autism preschool classroom as an aide with other aides the special ed teacher speech therapist occupational therapists and adaptive pe teachers .
the good thing in our case was the aides where there every day with the same students so we knew them and their programs and could help with subs .
maybe you could suggest to the principal for one of the aides to write a summary of what your child did each day for your if that 's something you got before ?
or you could just try to talk to them a tiny bit during pick up and drop off ?
i 'm not sure if it 's against your school 's policy but someone who works with your child would be the best point of communication .
if they refuse that could you maybe correspond with the speech therapist since they would be at ieps and normally do have to interact with parents some ?
also they presumably work with your child x hours a week ?
this might be the beautiful quilt i 've ever seen ... . wow !
that terrorist attack was truly devastating to the victims their families and everyone who feels safe in a gay bar environment .
it 's a wound that will never be truly healed .
what 's the purpose of even listing items this high
so no one will buy it therefore keeping the listing up while more stock gets delivered .
i went to lynyrd skynyrd high school in east jacksonville .
it was just a bunch of tugboats tied together .
edit adding question what is so stressful about law school dont you just learn about law ?
doesnt that just boil down to a really watered down philosophy degree or something ?
has a good series too called weekly assets round up .
40 days check if raqqa citizens respect sdf traffic cops ''
you know that guy from that thing that used to do that stuff ?
i wish i knew they were talking shit before this game i woulda been even more excited
this would all be easier to swallow if we atleast pumped in the first place .
jeter is cumulatively the worst defensive shortstop in baseball history .
his lack of range was something that had been recognized by the community before advanced defensive metrics were even available .
it 's not his fault that he was n't moved off ss and he played for so long but ranking him any better than historically bad '' is overrating him .
okay here is where i am a little conflicted .
pros cross-server dungeon finder was helpful in that i did n't have to spend hours forming a group having people run out of time and leave and then have to fill their spot as well .
cons wow had a sense of community before cross-server was a thing .
you 'd see the same people in your battlegrounds .
you made friends with randoms and kept seeing them in the wild .
i once watched an entire alterac valley team flee when our faction 's high warlord and his pvp partner showed up .
you could almost hear the alliance screaming '' it 's high warlord mac !
i miss the days when you were a part of a community but i also do n't want it to lose a lot of the improvements that they have added since .
ex as a casual player who does n't have time to raid i love transmogging armour .
i also do n't have the time to spend 2 hours forming a group to spend another hour travelling to the dungeon/waiting for people to spend another hour clearing it .
how many guys do you need to kiss before you realise you 're straight ? ''
if liverpool had stuck to its guns for real this line would be very sensible .
but there is no indication whatsoever barring can that liverpool has suddenly become prudent when dealing out wages .
his wage demand is preposterous and the clause is rude .
it seems evident that he wants out he wants to play and progress .
that might not have happened at liverpool and he 's more likely to win trophies with juve .
your submission has been removed for having spoilers in its title .
we appreciate you spoiler-tagging your submission but only future content need spoiler tags at this time so spoiler tagging a submission with chrysalis and tirek in the title implies that they will be in future episodes .
you may re-submit this but please a title that does not feature the names of characters that will be making a surprise appearance .
and after tagged you here i saw there is difference place for confirmation d
wtf this is way to high effort for a meme on this sub .
in fairness i also found a conversation matthew rosenberg had with the author megan leonhardt https twitter.com/riaaanna/status/926361947150229504 where she explains where the numbers came from .
it sounds like devoin does have some things to work on but the way that briana brittany and roxanne treat him is disgusting and a person would really have to be some kind of saint to ignore that and go over all the time despite the amount of hell he catches every time he steps foot through the door .
i think he needs to try a lot harder but it 's disgusting that he 's only allowed to see nova at briana 's apartment and with brittany or roxanne sitting there interfering .
nova has expressed to her mother that she wants to know more about why she looks different from them and they still wo n't let him bring her around his family so she can see that she 's beautiful and understand where she comes from .
it is n't even like that because of a court order ... they just literally act like she 's only their child and he has no right to her and i bet that if he went to court for custody they would be even angrier .
is it not a valid form of expression as surrealism suprematism or otherwise ?
on a different note you took a good photo .
what 's evident to me is that they are all annoyed with him at the moment .
i feel bad for em when its time to take a poopie
do any of you guys know of cool places near belmont/jefferson/geurnsey counties ?
if you have a 3d printer it would be cool to have all the ports and buttons hidden behind the flap in the lid .
i might have to dig out a raspi0 and have a crack at this .
just to be clear broke it while taking a paddle stroke thats why its important .
probably like £50 £60 i am in the uk with no games .
i could probably have got one about a month ago for £100 or around £80 but with no controller .
it 's possible that it may get a repress at some point .
when somebody halfway across the country on reddit makes a harmless joke https media1.tenor.com/images/a4d8133d20670d0ed4be4cc28aa183c2/tenor.gif ? itemid=8128195
serious question is tyler hundley the younger brother of brett ?
u need a op team to beat all these scrubs
reply to the comment that was nuked ... by u ewwwww ! ! ! !
i thought tu techi hai ... anyway its really hard to manage people .
expected tax income increase from the park expansion the cost of the parking so the city wins even if disney pays zero on it .
i feel like dungeon loot should never go above current tier mythic for the simple reason of keeping mythic raids rewarding .
put them easily on the shelf next to the ps4 ... or put annoying pieces of velcro on the controllers and let them hang right in front of the console making it hard to get to ... what 's the benefit here again ?
i 've always wanted a sorry '' dialogue for when a glitch goes clearly in my favour .
my unit revives somehow their unit gets stuck not doing anything etc .
i think that being the first in your family to go to university is hard .
if it helps at all a lot of people i know have stories that involve failing classes/years of school and they still managed to turn it around .
it helps to go see the academic advisor for your department or even the dean .
i never got it together but i 'm making another attempt now .
keychain passwords and credit card numbers are encrypted with 256-bit aes .
i 'm able to if you still have n't seen them 😊
sometimes you have to make a choice in your career .
so we just have to wait on xbox because of the producers .
when eric stryker sacked aj tattoos mccarron and insuring fumble was recovered and in the diving outstretched arms of an ou defense barely crossed the plane of the goal line .
that was the culmination of the best game i had ever seen .
pleaseeee play the first two v3 is pretty much separate but it also links back to the first two games .
my friend picked him out for me when i told her i wanted a unique guy and i want to say she said he 's a super mack snow .
that 's funny recently i 've been looking into the zoom h6 myself as a portable interface option i 've heard and read a lot of great things about it and it sounded nice on your samples as well .
the apollo twin would be great if you can afford it and think it 's the right piece for your setup .
i actually use an apollo quad one of the heftier rackmounted interfaces from ua .
it 's overkill for vo alone but i do audio post-production and music work as well which is where its power comes in handy .
all of the gear you 're looking into is good stuff so i do n't think you can go wrong with any of it and none of it is gear that would be responsible for you not booking work if you set it up and use it properly .
so again do n't go crazy with this stuff do a little homework get some good stuff and then focus on your actual skill and ability as a talent and marketing yourself .
it 's really the 80s and 90s ones that run forever .
i know they changed a lot in how they are built .
just jumping in but the cable routing for the shift cables seems about standard from whti can see for the side-exit brifters .
it looks a lot like a home mechanic job that sold it to someone and now it 's getting sold again .
i would n't be shocked if it works well but it aint exciting .
the dt cable stops are brazed on so its probably an old stem shifter bike so odds are it 's not gon na be a really nice frame .
after the paint nobody knows without a serial number or more details
just wanted to show everyone a counterfeit slab '' .
i 'd never seen one before and they are quite interesting .
but you have to beat me in a widow 1v1 .
cooldowns low no smg no ults items off final destination . ''
i 'm pretty sure it 's just testing for whole foods that they just bought .
eventually i think the idea is to order from amazon pantry and have someone put the groceries in your fridge .
that reminds me i 'm waiting for a 10 rebate from microcenter
sombra can heal if people use the packs we hack .
the vesper was ridiculous at release but they actually patched it .
other than that the brecci and vmp are the only other two that were base weapons
i have recently dealt with the same sort of thing .
i made my yearly check out to the pta ave ny daughter also wanted 'real money ' for a class donation .
she wanted to take her piggy bank money car change and tooth fairy money .
i 'm going to take her to a bank to open an account instead of the ceramic pig .
i think my daughter does not understand the true value of money .
it is rare she wants needs something that she does n't get so she thinks about money differently myself her mom .
i 'm thinking i need to better teach her by paying her to do chores .
there is a pile of dirty dishes in the sink i 'd say it is worth 4 5 bucks .
seriously the top ones are usually just anime girls and nice designs someone made .
saitama is strong but strength is n't everything in a fight .
well he is fast as fk and very durable and has shown mental resistance as seen with the tatsumaki feat
make this a fair fight he blitzes do n't give doom a prep time and knowledge saitama and keep saitama slow he still wins
but saitama in character would n't start off with an attack strong enough to one punch doom
try beating all the real time speed runs it 's a brutal workout and so rewarding when you get it
without even looking i can guarantee their sol is based on the crime in question .
murder will be extraordinary long if an sol even exists and embezzling one dollar over the limit for a 'felony ' case will be shorter than that .
your insults are really doing nothing except for making the ark community look like a bunch of children .
when i was going through uni the top-ranked kid in first year maths where everyone else is 17/18/19 years old was only 14 .
it 's feasible he could have graduated university by 17 .
i 'm not sure four good core recommendations but they 're but quite heavy gauge wires is definitely try wrap with 36g just try to get the clapton as close a possible .
i bend the end of all my wire to keep it in the chuck secure the clapton wire buy just twisting it around the bent bit and you 've got an easy way to attach the clapton wire and it wo n't slide off
but not by a huge margin.. og pixel 128gb .
common questions can be answered via search bar or faq r/askwomen/w/index .
http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/askwomen subject=why+was+this+removed ? message my+submission https www.reddit.com/r/askwomen/comments/7aoij6/ladies was+removed+and+i+do+not+understand+the+reason+given+by+the+mod+who+acted upon+it .
as a native you should realize we do n't really give a shit about what 's normal .
bought the console instead of upgrading from a 5s good choice my dude
i would rather play with 5 defensemen than watch prout or lovejoy play again this season
i absolutely loved wrath ... after the terrible leveling had finished .
i just think you misunderstood what i was trying to say manafort was the man who ran his campaign if any russian influence was used to help trump win that 's a story in itself .
but what i 'm really trying to get at is if trump knew and tried to either ignore or even aid these processes then he could be in very hot water .
and the evidence against him is circumstantial but even so he 's not helping the optics by calling the founding principles of our justice system a laughing stock while he 's being investigated .
firing james comey is a second faux pas and admitting it was because the investigation is even worse .
thirdly but certainly not finally his hatchet man roger stone just admitted he concocted the uranium one story to tie mueller up while investigating trump .
if i 'm his lawyer i 'd beg him to stay off twitter .
to tie it up if i was working with someone and he committed a crime and i fire the prosecutor in his trial openly try to discredit the second prosecutor and then call the justice system a laughing stock .
are you saying that you 'd be stupid for trying to associate me with it that criminal ?
then you obviously do n't understand the magnitude of google and how much information helps them .
they 're fucking massive they can take one loss and move on it was clear that glass was n't a commercial product from the beginning they made no effort to do so but they got a lot of information regarding how they could use this in the future .
the reason you do n't hear about whatever they 're working on now is because they do n't want the competitors undermining their potential market
oooh man i feel like webtv never gets mentioned !
that 's how i did most of my consumption in the '90s .
it was infuriating trying to navigate around with a keyboard and no mouse but i 'll be damned if that does n't bring around some nostalgia .
can someone point to a post from one plus or some thing of the confirmation ?
not mine but a good friend of mine told me the other day he does n't want to date a woman with too many opinions ... he hates when women are even remotely smarter than him or do n't agree with him on every single thing .
sounds to me like mr whack is trying to hold a playa down !
my husband and i used to play left for dead together and i really liked it !
i also loved battle block theatre and chariot as well ... both are the two players help each other get to the ending type of games so that he could pick up my slack without it being incredibly frustrating and when i finally got the hang of them could play decently well so that we could laugh and have fun
i 've been fortunate enough to enjoy salmon cooked over the fire on cedar stakes with the ditidaht first nation .
some of the most delicious salmon i 've ever eaten .
they had a way of removing the salmon 's backbone and butterflying it on the stakes which i have tried replicating a number of times but thus far not successfully .
i 'm normally not a fan but i have to say i enjoyed this .
you should use that leaf as scale and fuck with people on the internet
no you have to pay for playstation plus if you want a performance increase with an ssd .
otherwise it throttles the speed to that of a hdd .
no but he 's a close second behind bill walton .
be aware this is an official gopro video not something this random person put together .
i guess i just struggling with alot of other issues right now and that 's why the addiction part is really weighing on me..
but it does work and i have nothing against it..
i really like the stuff ... been taking it for months and i have to take it daily.. like 3-4 times a day .
for now i 'm just going to continue with it i guessreally just need to find out what 's causing these deeper issues..
i can tell by your grips your a bit of a terrorist .
and the last part is my bf is an asshole towards his parents .
he expects them to clean up after him and basically baby him .
and will be a massive millstone when he goes from mummy to wife .
we have teached him to drop he does n't listen .
he just gets crazy like this if we give him a bone .
franchise clearly had the higher highs the entire battle .
there were numerous occasions the crowd had to rouse up some reaction for joe .
franchise was just on the whole better in this battle
so you want to encourage debate but want to only hear one side ?
one person presents their opinion and another does too .
i wonder how many people have fucked up back from autofellatio '' stories .
once i was 14 ok getting horny was serious business i really threw something out of whack and the next day i carried a tuba three miles through a parade on the one day of october that it had to be in the eighties .
if its an island could the dlc be themed around the pacific theatre ?
hello u/acetrainer196 your submission has been automatically removed because you have not included some mandatory information about your gts deposit in the post title .
for reference your post title should look something like this nature pokémon gender level or hidden power pokémon gender level .
since there is no way to change the title of a post please create another request https www.reddit.com/r/morebreedingdittos/wiki/askforaditto .
you may need to wait 8 minutes before you can post another thread if you are new to reddit and/or this sub .
it 's because you do n't have enough karma so reddit slows down your posts in case you 're a bot .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/morebreedingdittos if you have any questions or concerns .
no but it 's been multiple accusations and pictures and reports from set of house of cards and the way spacey acknowledged it immediately and tried to spin it into a coming out story when he 's refused to comment on his rumored sexuality for years .
i hope we get to see the bentley-deebo connection again .
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
just report the image and a mod can deal with it .
in a competitive market labor needs to cover much more than the cost of labor .
consider taxes rent electric water gas tools materials ect ect ... in order for an employee to make his portion of labor in a business profitable he/she must first produce enough of whatever widget he is working on to cover all of the wage loss costs .
then and only then should a business consider a wage increase .
why would want somebody who knows how to pull the strings ? ?
politicians wo n't save the day it 's not what this country is about .
i never implied jagex was an industry leader just that they were one of the first to try hosting older versions of the game and in 2017 where osrs playercount has surpassed that of rs3 http www.misplaceditems.com/rs_tools/graph ? display=avg interval=month total=1 aka the most current version of runescape which has a full team working on it
good ideas do n't have to come from industry leaders and blizzard jagex and probably dozens of other companies can have success with this kind of model .
6 fellow soldiers were killed while searching for him ... he deserves prison he is a deserter and a traitor .
that and his air shot onto bunny are my favorite shit .
nightwatcher is supposedly cultivation 's equivalent of the stormfather right ?
i do n't think it would take any legitimately malicious actions .
i think the real twist will be that the higher eq version of taravangian will be the one that 's more capable of saving humanity rather than the higher iq one .
well yeah of course it would be fuller if china had made it to the finals .
i was just stating that even if only half the ticket holders turn up your getting close to the biggest crowd league has ever had .
mind you if it was full it still would n't be close to the biggest esports crowd in history
dudes like you think all this shit is just anime
we piled flammable materials as high as we could and started throwing lighted matches at it .
it is the white supremacists fault it got too hot to stay in the kitchen and keep the stew we 'd prepared from getting burnt .
i do n't remember if any white supremacists got singed that day .
serves them right if they did for helping incite a riot not using safe cooking techniques not staying the fuck outta my kitchen !
everyone said like 63535 for smth but i was still confident in myself .
your post has been removed as it is in violation of rule 1
read our guide https np.reddit.com/r/quityourbullshit/comments/4o92d1/not_sure_if_your_post_follows_rule_1_follow_this to rule 1 for more details .
if you are still unsure you may contact the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fquityourbullshit for more information .
if you have fastcraft or betterfps then change the math algorithm in the config .
typically you do not need to touch it at all .
i have the same feeling that 's why i am specifically creating a fuel view !
i 'm very very sorry that you had to live with all this pain ... .now that you 're approaching your death .
not as hot as the light she is under .
look like she got 10 shades darker between photos .
good of her to take the situation into her own hands .
it 's because the carbonation actually has two different states a gas and an acid .
when you take carbon dioxide gas and put it under pressure next to a liquid like water or soda or cider or beer that co2 actually reacts with the water to form a fairly unstable acid called carbonic acid '' .
it 's unstable enough that as soon as the pressure goes away the carbonic acid molecules start breaking back down into water and carbon dioxide molecules .
open a carbonated beverage container and over a little while the breakdown transforms all of the carbonic acid back to carbon dioxide the carbon dioxide bubbles off and the container of liquid goes flat .
and a shock makes the instability a lot worse .
if you increase the instability by pouring a just-opened beverage from on high the shock causes the carbonic acid to rapidly break down which is why pouring soda too fast causes a huge foam-up .
ditto when you tap a glass of beer with another glass of beer .
and if you shake the bottle or can of soda without opening it you 're breaking a whole bunch of carbonic acid into carbon dioxide a gas and it really increases the pressure in the can because all that co2 ca n't leave .
but wait a while and the pressure will force the co2 to form back into carbonic acid ... and the pressure will reduce so it wo n't blow up when you open it .
so if my local store has one i can swap to a pick up instead of waiting for my preorder delivery ?
kelly oubre is probably the dumbest human being in or around the nba .
he commits some of the stupidest fouls and is just generally a moron .
looks like a larger man which will allow me to summon and even larger man .
giving the cdfw more discretion over take permits would n't necessarily be solving the problems .
the few mountain lion groups are still isolated save for a few lucky individuals who happen to hop over the man made barriers and livestock owners are loosing animals and getting pissed off that they have to just sit and endure it .
we are a country with rich resources and should start to stand on our feet and refuse amy foreign intervention because they are all out there to destroy us .
people who think domestic chickens are stressed because of their eggs being taken really do n't understand the intelligence of your average chicken .
vegans tend to project human intelligence and emotions onto animals to make an emotional argument .
chickens are not people they do n't have our intelligence and their emotional investment into offspring is no where near ours .
considering for half of the world it is n't heading to winter either .
he 'll be lucky if he avoids prison after trying to fire mueller .
even tho we were n't seeing eye to eye it 's cool talkin w people and you funny dawg good show .
i 've seen this http jasonclement.me/table-studying-thingy posted here and it 's a pretty good source for the rote memorization side of things .
if any one correct my mistake，i will just accept and thank him
i point out your typo so that other members can get correct information，not aim to teach you
how does your statement apply to what i said ?
i drank in the sun pissed on the moon stole a blanky from a polar bear snapped it at the cops .
they gave chase pretty good but i lost ‘em when i zigged they thought i zagged .
anyways i do n't have time for this beer i am about to fart real powerful blast off into outer space man .
growing up it was one of those things that made it special .
sam just wanted to go back so he could land that rosie girl !
leider habe ich die erfahrung machen müssen dass sich in sozialen netzwerken äußerungen rasend schnell verbreiten können und das mit den böswilligsten interpretationen .
erstaunlich war dass viele menschen nicht in der lage waren fiktion und wirklichkeit voneinander zu unterscheiden .
do n't make it sound like it was common for families to own slaves .
yes there were more slaves in the south yes there was an economy built around agriculture and free labor but the average american never owned slaves no matter what time period .
and northern democrats were in favor of slavery just as much as southern democrats .
and democrats from their infancy until today has had a long line of racisism and racist policies .
lyndon b johnson was most likely a former kkk member and that dude signed the civil rights act passed by a republican majority and he did it for the votes .
probably went to the grave as a racist democrat at heart .
the south never voted republican until well into the 80 's and 90 's when racist democrats started to retire and die off .
america has reconciled the slavery issue by having 600,000 men die to stop it and keep the union together .
it was the racist democrats in the north and south that kept it alive for so long and then continued the racist shit for a hundred years after by racist laws and creating a domestic terrorist thug group called the kkk .
you ca n't name one or two racist democrat that switched parties .
that 's because they all died racist and democrats .
you ca n't rewrite history it 's all there to look up and read .
i do n't care how much you want to distort reality but the truth remains most americans were poor farmers that never owned slaves .
for instance what if it 's just drawings or computer animation ?
i heard of one guy arrested for text porn that he wrote for himself and never shared with anyone .
nobody chooses their kink but are n't their lives hard enough ?
they never get to have what they want and many of them accept that .
do you really want to deny them all porn as well ?
no one is going to understand what you mean by skipping through base sequences with no reference points .
i mean it 's been so difficult with all these rules regulations and lack of prejudice that benefit me did n't realise it was okay to be white .
does this mean it 's definitely over with the legion ?
i have n't been able to play ever since the raid in suramar because i had to join the army so yeah i do n't really know what happenned there
fleet foxes if you need to keep time on me best for cozy rainy days
is that a 'regular show ' reference that i smell ?
if 90 of the population heck even 40 of the population believes something it 's not extreme by definition .
by that definition genocidal fascism is centrist when it is being practiced .
if in doubt legalising weed will solve every problem .
now they have the framework laid out for how they handle sub-races we can probably expect more in the future .
people say this every expansion and it never happens .
it 's a small world i was active there from 1996 to about 2000 .
there was huge hype about jan magnessiun back then though jackie stewart called him the next senna .
as you can guess i 'm not a native speaker .
if 5/7 is a perfect score are you saying that you do n't love him at all ?
i dont have a phone and guillotines are expensive as fuck for some reason
one really good way to get your sound detection down is when you do hear random shots off to a certain side try to spin towards them to determine as best a degree of direction as you can with enough of doing this when you hear the quieter sounds you already know how to place where '' the sound is now you just have to work on hearing the quieter sounds such as the steps or scuffs from laying down and whatnot
born and raised in houston here and considering moving to east austin .
last question could n't do about the number of products sold and it was increasing from 400 to 850 to 1520 what 's the answer ?
something i hate is that if our guardian did n't get their light back because they 're extra special ... ... the city would 've been fucked .
but of course one guardian comes and destroys everything the red legion built along with pimp slapping the other races around a bit and rallies a group of maybe 10 people ?
the journey to take back the city should 've been an up-hill battle with the hill throwing rocks at us .
it 's just the city is brought down and then saved so simply that the stakes feel non-existent .
i get the distinct impression tillerson honestly does not give a fuck .
i mean them giving alchemist 2 reveals instead of 1 is as much of a buff to reveal as a nerf to morvran since his leader ability becomes less valuable when bronzes can do his job just as well ...
meanwhile calveit and emhyr both have unique abilities sure emhyr is a decoy but its a unique decoy morvran has nothing unique
if there 's thousands of players doing it that would make sense .
i 've played about 600 hours and the stealth has been nothing short of frustrating .
my siblings and cousins were allowed to drink as children and it helped us become more responsible adults .
we had little sips of our parents and grandparents drinks had cherry liquors at christmas and a glass of very sweet very weak wine at the christmas day meal and boxing day meal .
when i turned 16 i was being served alcohol on an all inclusive holiday and did n't get drunk or try to get drunk once .
then dad said i earned his trust and allowed me to go to the pub after work with my work colleagues .
come mine and my siblings 18th birthdays not one of us felt any need to go out and get smashed and none of us are heavy drinkers .
anything so i do n't have to hear him on sundays .
this submission has been automatically removed because it comes from blogging platform .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
the story was about arianna grande never wearing seat belts .
i can also add some paypal if things do n't add up .
i was going to buy the game once it went on sale anyhow .
i started with jedi and they are all stupid .
and i love mace but this mace is in a bad place .
im trying so fuckin hard not to laugh out loud next to my sleeping gf after reading this .
he should have stuck around and eaten some puss or something '' .
my eyes rolled so hard i 'm dizzy and in pain now .
anyone else had a problem with l3 button sprinting ?
mine seems to cancel itself after a split second and it does n't happen with any other cod game
i think they are doing the best they can do writing a world they did n't create .
i eventually ended up just giving my pc to my dad and just use my laptop now and laptops ca n't game for anything .
you can try removing it and then booting it launching it and seeing if it works .
40 man raiding in mc requires everyone to be on their game ''
10 people would go afk you 'd barely notice .
and after the imperial flametrooper they should maybe add the clone flametrooper from landing at point rain .
their insta posts are so self aware with their over use of emojis in some post-ironic manner i just love em
think it 'd already be power hybrid if they actually allowed the tuska effect on it to stack with a biting perk .
most people only hear what they see in the news .
at that point it gets summarised and then gets media and political spin .
the original studies are quite free from hyperbole even if they can be hard to read for the layman .
how would you have scientists 'prove ' their conclusions that we are the contributing factor ?
we have no control set in this experiment no twin earth full of people who care about each other and the environment .
as for each side making their claim the studies which disagree with human influence are typically found to be incorrect or funded by big energy and their mouthpieces are old white right wing politicians with links to energy funding .
it is not a balanced argument in any way .
there 's an option for that as far as i remember just look into settings a bit .
that 's a pretty big discrepancy in damage between the two vehicles .
even with the expensive parts that seems to excessive .
i think it would be worth your time to get with an attorney .
i would also look into an independent appraiser to assess the damage to both vehicles .
as an auto adjuster i 'd be scrutinizing a file with this kind of big difference in damage .
an itemized invoice is n't enough info for you though they need to provide individual part invoices and photos as well .
i mean yesterday i pointed out to people that one of the memes that amy klobuchar https ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/624/cpsprodpb/7266/production/_98568292_973b0939-7fe2-4c69-98da-eb2ada2382db.jpg was presenting in the senate as evidence of russian trolls trying to subvert the election actually originated in a 4chan pol thread https archive.4plebs.org/pol/thread/95372553 under an indian flag meaning nobody can actually know who created it its anonymous .
and then people respond but they could have spoofed an indian ip ''
if you have no way to prove whether someone is an alien or not you do n't go around accusing everyone of being aliens on a hunch
but what if every problem people are experiencing is in the 5 7 range ?
this would be enough to say that yes it 's a huge problem relative to other phones and yes most people are still happy with their device and yes it might be deserving of the media outrage .
the problem is we do n't have raw statistics of failure rates and never will and if you want them if you want them the best option is to just accept whatever you 're hearing in the media .
yeah none of the campaign maps are particularly accurate but this one is pretty bad .
it should be noted that in any political map depicting the pre-modern world the nature of governmental power and borders were very different .
borders were largely fluid unlike much of the devolped world today and most governments had very little actual authority in vast swathes of the area they supposedly ruled .
just something to consider when looking at any map like the aoe2 campaign maps .
if anything sombra would have a speedy gonzales skin .
cozmo came out and said flat out that third party software that doesnt touch the game client will never result in a ban let alone an auto ban that they didnt have a hand in .
looked a bit burned out and also was out of meta .
it 's not an empirical law it 's purely derived through quantum mechanics .
maybe tyson meant something different which feynman said before him
if you think you understand quantum mechanics you do n't understand quantum mechanics .
it means quantum mechanics is so unintuitive it 's impossible to understand it .
it does n't cure it but many people with crohn 's find that it helps reduce symptoms enough to be functional .
although there is some research that suggests that it carry help achieve remission .
yeah it 's pretty weird how this works considering that on an individual level republicans typically earn more .
let me explain to you why your comic is factually incorrect ''
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
r/veganfitness what are chiropractors allowed to do healthinfi https www.reddit.com/r/veganfitness/comments/7aq0g7/what_are_chiropractors_allowed_to_do_healthinfi
nbsp if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
do n't forget about the greatest of all acs guests vinnie tortorich .
wow downvoted when you tell people to form their own opinions .
in a thread where it is obvious no one bothered to read the article .
yeah but there 's nothing about wonder woman and aquaman waging war .
superman being found by the government instead of the kents .
at least when they did that with the two flashes storyline they had a cute homage to the comic and captured the core concept .
take a look at ilya reds channel on yt hes is one hell of a lt player
there is a bit of aimless wandering in the first 30 minutes/hour of sh2 but it 's worth persevering as it 's an amazing game .
as someone else has said it 's arguably one of the best if not the best horror game ever made .
it 's a fun dating sim and i recommend it but it 's blatantly nsfw so it 's not for everyone .
still cool but not as cool as a mass rez .
maybe grab a cheap guitar or ukulele from a charity/thrift shop and try it .
these are the sea lions of the vienna zoo i 've been there many times and i 've seen the little show they put on with the sea lions a few times there they also gave the informations as to why they 're doing what they 're doing .
the big guy 's name is comandante btw and his favorite past time is plunging from a 15ft cliff into the pool d
he 'd be taking a massive gamble on moving to a new team possibly in a new league too to work with new players and under a new manager halfway through a season so no time for preseason bonding/learning tactics .
i just do n't see a player taking that kind of risk when he knows if he wants 4-5 months he can still transfer to just about any club in the world and probably start in the wc too .
the real heart breaker is when he comes back carrying her lifeless body and just walks away wordlessly .
three uk have a limited edition model which has a bright green logo on the back
all i want is dinosaurs and if i can play as a dinosaur my life is over .
i 'm truly hope you and your parents strength as you deal with all this .
perhaps it was only the receptionist who did n't know 8 foot basketballers from 4 foot midget
however unlike kane cornes he can definitely string a single coherent sentence together .
i enjoy browsing these bad makeup subs but i 'm new to makeup and would like to learn and its nice to see examples of what these should look like .
read the article i linked then if you want specifics as i said i am no expert .
if you have any issues with the data in the vox article i 'd be happy to discuss .
your expecting a lot from me whilst basically just repeating yea but why even when presented with an article that you might find answers your questions ?
was n't expecting much and it 's honestly one of the shows i look forward to every week .
like everyone 's saying it 's a bit of both comedy and serious stuff .
never one or the other but that 's fine .
this reminds me of a guy i use to work with .
he was convinced utterly convinced that he was going to die because he was having recurring stomach/abdominal pain for days .
he was too scared to go to the doctor to find out what was wrong with him and feared the worst he also looked up his symptoms and was convinced he had some random ass rare disease .
he eventually went to the doctor and was told that he was just constipated .
trump cheated his way through the primaries and general election .
any loss to him can not be attributed to anything other than that .
but you do n't need nature resistance until much later so you have plenty of time to get it while you 're progressing through the first two raid tiers .
you also did n't really need fire resistance until the second half of molten core and you 'd get crafting materials to make it from the first half .
it was n't all that much work unless you progressed extremely fast .
there has been a bit of evidence that sylvanas might be using some kind of mind control on new forsaken troops look at zones like the plaguelands where you would literally convert farmers into troops and for some reason while hostile to you in life have no problems saying my life for the banshee queen '' mere moments after getting ressurected by the ally of the dude who just slashed your throat or burned your entire body to a crisp .
same goes for the silverpine storyline people willing to accept the curse of the worgen to evade the fate of becoming undead but mere moments after their slaughter they abandon their friends and say for the banshee queen ! ''
i get it that some undead get to have their free will but even garrosh commented on this fact what 's the difference between you and the lich king now ? ''
to which she actually answered ca n't you see ?
i serve the horde '' subtle evidence that there might be mind control involved in some cases sure some of this can be defended with the they got a second chance at life '' argument but do consider that it 's been stated multiple times that being forsaken is a painful existence which lack basic needs for a healthy mind .
i think it 's really great that you and your wife found something that is consensual and works for both of you !
sorry if this was mentioned before but first thing that struck me is that lisa went through your wife 's emails when she was logged in .
i do n't think that 's okay she should 've just logged out .
moreover i believe that she is taking things too far with the calling and fighting .
you are two adults and have every right to live your life the way you want to .
it 's bring to barge into your relationship and decide what is right and wrong .
maybe this is something you can bring up to her and set some boundaries with .
moreover as someone else pointed out therapy could be useful .
it allows her to let it all out while having a professional understand why exactly this bothers her so much .
hope you were able to find something useful here on reddit .
hey would you trade resident evil 5 gold edition for 1 sack of gems ?
i have one legendary and it 's the worst .
i do well my family is happy and we want for nothing .
i 'm able to give back and buy property in my old neighborhood and be an inspiration to people .
i have a college education but did n't really need it to land the job and lifestyle i have .
formal education is overrated in my opinion because most people are basically being taught to work for someone that probably lacks a formal education if you think about it .
i would value a financial education over a college education .
college education can get your foot in some doors but a strong financial education can allow you to do so much more depending on how you use it and what your goals are .
they had a split call in teamfights in game 2 which results in bang flash into the drk pit to ult ambition .
game 3 is also a throw by bang by jumping in to sej ult and push ruler away .
fun fact parrying a shugoki is more likely to get you punished instead of the shugoki
then you have n't played with a sorcerer who knew what he was doing .
does the board follow your input and do you see said manual vcore reflected in cpuz ?
offset voltage basically uses a vid table vid voltage demanded by the cpu not what is actually supplied and then you set a offset depending on the results of your stress tests .
vid is meant as a guideline but you might find depending on the silicon that your cpu actually needs less/more than the table dictates .
now personally i would use manual voltage some like adaptive if available .
you know what you 're working with and it 's the best way to find a stable oc .
was n't 2014 the era of samsung sister teams ?
you should learn how to play safe or aggressive it really depends on your adc .
just go to youtube or mobafire to see some guide that will help you .
you will become a true bronze player after that .
oh man did she own that guy i wish they had a camera on him to show how red faced embarrassed he was .
your post was removed because it uses the text box .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=after weinstein and spacey which other actors/actresses would ruin your faith in humanity if they it turned out they were monsters too ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
you ca n't be successful with women without swallowing the red pill .
they 'll hurt you you 'll feel depressed and then you 'll lose your streak .
red pill ensures they never hurt you since you 're already aware of their true nature .
yeah both my parents are on gabapentin mum is fine with it but dad experienced mild memory issues so stopped taking it .
surely as a tsm fan he would know that ... right ?
is that a reason to vote for the democrats ?
i 'm not even from the us but what does this matter ?
your voting for a president to fix your problems trump is supposed to fix the republicans problems right now which im sure he isnt .
people already bithcing about bugs especially the blind haters ... like other alpha games were polished and stable
but only if we cuddle during the shows too .
i 'd back japan what with all the live sea creatures .
overwatch has like 1/5 of the lifespan of league and pulled around 250k viewers in their quarterfinals matches today .
secondly if anything huni and faker were their two best players at worlds .
bang needs to go he has been terrible all series .
cost them game 2 could of been a totally different series .
it is actually a feature for the 1st of april where flight ready means you getting fired out into the air ejection malfunction
ca n't believe that did n't program it to void after trying 3 times but that 's myki for you .
honestly would the government have saved money if it had removed farebox collection all together for all metropolitan transport ?
yearly metro/yarra tram boardings 500 million i 'm assuming that 's one way fare collected 3 per boarding cost averaging between myki pass and concession and fare evaders 1.5b collected
nobody says hollywood '' and means literally every single person who works in any capacity there .
nobody hears hollywood '' and interprets that as literally every single person who works in any capacity there .
you 're continuing your habit of being utterly disingenuous .
sworn deposition states that donald trump is a rapist .
you mean ivana and are still being highly disingenuous if not outright dishonest with your claim of violence
during a deposition given by me in connection with my matrimonial case i stated that my husband had raped me .
i wish to say that on one occasion during 1989 mr trump and i had marital relations in which he behaved very differently toward me than he had during our marriage .
as a woman i felt violated as the love and tenderness which he normally exhibited toward me was absent .
i referred to this as a ‘rape ' but i do not want my words to be interpreted in a literal or criminal sense .
any contrary conclusion would be an incorrect and most unfortunate interpretation of my statement which i do not want to be interpreted in a speculative fashion and i do not want the press or media to misconstrue any of the facts set forth above .
all i wish is for this matter to be put to rest .
and you 're angry about a sexual assault that probably happened before you were born ?
i 'm not angry '' it did n't personally affect me or anyone in my life .
i pointed out that the community that protects and deifies polanski is a shitty one and you ca n't seem to stop having an autistic shitfit because i do n't add the disclaimer that there are some best boys and runners who might privately disapprove .
do n't know if this counts for other european made games but it is a niche product anyway .
i figured this out too when i was in university and was eating cereal with milk for breakfast and lunch and dinner sometimes .
first week kind of sucked but then i was fine .
of course by then i was already short so i kind of hope the lack of milk drinking/calcium as a kid did n't stunt my growth and i 'm just normally short roughly the same height as the rest of my family but i 've read the youngest child is usually the tallest and i 'm not .
on the plus side i eat lactose products now .
i just received my first gift from roaa fam r/kyriya and i love it !
we are going to wait until we move before i stick it on the wall but i unwrapped it to take a couple pictures
im so excited to be a part of this awesomeness that is random acts of amazon !
i recently decided to kick all my irl friends that dropped warframe from the dojo and start recruiting active players .
the only people that signed up have been new players which is fine i do n't mind helping people out but i 'm struggling when it comes to interacting and getting groups formed .
i 'm not a high level myself mr15 i 've unlocked all the nodes and spend a lot of my time forma'ing my equipment .
i have said that i 'd like to have everyone ip to speed and able to participate in more endgame content like sorties and eidolon hunts but righr now everyone is pretty far off and no one needs help with anything .
i 've never lead anything outside a crappy raid team in wow so any ideas to encourage engagement would be great
please use this thread to write what you are planning to do what not to do what to eat etc ... as usual please do n't just list the things please be elaborate and at least put some effort to it .
nice it 's for 8.11 meilan x6 bike rear light http couponsfromchina.com/2017/10/13/meilan-x6-bike-rear-light-coupon-price-gearbest really good price !
decals can do a bundle here all for 2 keys
a good bit of non painted decals i can bundle 4:1
all items and prices are negotiable so add me and we can talk but understand i am really only looking for keys ! !
simply add bot to trade and proceed with instructions .
i bought a game on a online game store .
i tried activating it on steam as on the how to redeem '' after clicking on show key '' making the bundle base game dlc dlc it showed a steam activation .
it did n't work so i opened a support ticket about the key not being redeemable on steam .
while i waited for an answer i looked on youtube for gameplay videos to get used with it .
in the comments i read that the game is a monthly subscription game not a pay once play forever game .
no where it said that it was a monthly subscription game .
i opened a refund ticket for a refund in my wallet website 's wallet so i can purchase a game that i 'm going to play for more than 30 days .
they refused because i clicked the show key button use .
i did not redeem the key which was a picture of a key not a text .
the key xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx is unused and can be redeemed but they claim since i opened the bundle and the key is showing to me they ca n't give me a refund .
i detailed to them since they made false advertising game being playable only for 30 days i want a refund in my wallet .
now i am stuck with a game that i can play for only 30 days this is not what i paid for nor what i was advertised .
i paid £38 for a game and 2 dlcs i 'm going to play only 30 days ?
what can i do about it since the store does n't want to give me a refund ?
this is the best tl dr i could make original http www.cnn.com/2017/10/31/health/marburg-virus-uganda/index.html reduced by 84 .
a game hunter the man lived near a cave inhabited by rousettus bats which are natural hosts of the marburg virus .
laboratory tests at the uganda virus research institute in entebbe confirmed that marburg was the cause of both deaths .
the who which is working with ugandan health authorities to contain the outbreak has followed up with 135 contacts of the patients ja scaron arević said .
still several hundred people may have been exposed to the virus at health facilities and at traditional burial ceremonies in the kween district according to the who .
quot marburg is a virus that is in the same family as ebola and it basically has very similar characteristics quot said dr. amesh adalja a spokesman for the infectious disease society of america .
during previous outbreaks fatality rates have varied from 24 to 88 depending on the viral strain and how well health authorities managed the disease according to the who .
currently there are no treatments for marburg virus disease .
for the current outbreak prevention and containment activities are underway as health authorities continue to investigate family and community contacts .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.cnn.com/2017/10/31/health/marburg-virus-uganda/index.html faq http autotldr.io 238682 summaries so far . ''
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords health 1 virus 2 case 3 outbreak 4 ebola 5
post found in r/worldnews http np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/7avclr/while_madagascar_battles_the_plague_uganda_is r/stormcoming http np.reddit.com/r/stormcoming/comments/7agn4s/deadly_marburg_virus_outbreak_declared_in_uganda r/climatechaos http np.reddit.com/r/climatechaos/comments/7agpmx/deadly_marburg_virus_outbreak_declared_in_uganda r/reddlinenews http np.reddit.com/r/reddlinenews/comments/79v8dm/deadly_virus_outbreak_declared_in_uganda r/breakingnews24hr http np.reddit.com/r/breakingnews24hr/comments/79v5zn/deadly_virus_outbreak_declared_in_uganda r/autonewspaper http np.reddit.com/r/autonewspaper/comments/79v2v2/health_deadly_marburg_virus_outbreak_declared_in and r/cnnauto http np.reddit.com/r/cnnauto/comments/79usw5/health_deadly_marburg_virus_outbreak_declared_in .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic .
please do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
one of my soldiers told me he 's having knee pain the problem is it 's in the knee he had 2 miniscuss and 1 acl replacement on and did n't disclose to the army when enlisting .
this thread is a place to post any minor topics that do not quite deserve their own submission .
the daily post should be utilized for questions requests track id 's general discussion as well as being a place to have some casual banter with your fellow users .
or feel free to join our discord channel https discord.gg/skrillex for casual chat with other people
please keep the discussion civil and be sure to follow the subreddit rules at all times .
what year is dead by daylight set in or did the entity go to different years to acquire everyone .
i ask just because i 'm working on a project about dbd and i 've heard multiple thing since about when dbd is set
i was playing competitive as a plat three mostly as terminus .
i was on a streak of 8 before that another 8 streak and then got to plat 2 .
i lose one game and go to plat 3 with 0 tp
have some extra coinage and my kickers only an 80 .
should i just shell out the 550k and be set for months ?
her career took off as i lost my business in the housing crash and then i cared for our children and house and worked as she traveled .
should i accept 22,000 for equity in our home and equal custody or fight ?
i would get nothing else and make about 40,000 a year .
we are in a state that almost always gives an equal split and this offer does n't include her retirement or stock .
i do n't want them i want my girls but am i being short sighted ?
i do n't want to piss away money on lawyers but i also do n't want to be a fool .
split screen have the icon of switching weapon or mantle exactly in the crossair !
! buy amount buys 17x sets for each whole key you enter .
! buytf amount buys 15x sets for each whole key you enter .
! buygems amount enter how many sets you want to buy in exchange for gems .
! sellcheck shows the amount of sets you have which the bot can buy from you
! sellgems amount sells your sets in exchange for gems .
! rate shows the current rate for both buying and selling .
! level amount shows you how many sets you need for specified level .
my 05 base rsx with 228k needs a little work .
i just had the front balljoints/knuckles and wheel bearings replaced 1700 and my mechanic says the struts are bad .
unfortunately he says he can only get the struts through a dealer at about 700 a strut .
i had some work friends who are very mechanically inclined check out the car and they think the struts are fine .
i only need the car to last another year until i go back to school and was hoping to get some input .
i am looking at property in several places in the southeast and one is southwest georgia colquitt to be exact .
i have bad reactions and can handle a few buzzing around but not the swarms i remember from living in pensacola .
i 'm going to eventually build my own pc i have like zero skill with a pc more of a project to challenge myself but i figured i 'd sure up my internet first .
i believe the hardware rogers i 'm from canada left us is crap .
my computer is stating internet speeds of 33 mbps in my office upstairs with my router located on the main floor .
i was wondering what would be the a good router for me to get that is good for video streaming gaming .
i was thinking netgear nighthawk x4s ac2600 not sure if i should buy a modem ?
bonus points if the hardware looks like it could fucking murder someone .
so i 'm looking at my 8th level feat for my half-elf archfey warlock .
my invocations are mask of many faces agonizing blast repelling blast sculptor of flesh .
i already have the everybody 's friend ua feat .
once per short rest misty step is useful when you have 2 spell slots .
i have the dms ok even tho i 'm not a full blood high elf .
so at level 9 i can grab the voice of the chain master .
i can speak in anyone 's voice anywhere from an invisible flying familiar .
appart from the obvious benefit of ignoring cover and having a 240ft .
eldritch blast i get to grab shocking grasp from the sorcerer spell list and at level 9 again with voice of the chain master i get to have a little flying invisible taser .
i try to play as the face of the group and i use lots of charms and illusions in combat .
i use my few spells for control and saving my friends asses mostly stuff like dimension door hypnotic pattern hold person the odd counterspell amp dispel magic etc .
sorry if asked already but anyone got a list ?
each cs go key you will get 16 card sets equivalent to 1600 xp .
each tf2 key you will get 12 card sets equivalent to 1200 xp .
every 220 gems will get you 1 card set equivalent to 100 xp .
! help show you the commands and what they do
! owner show the admin profile if you have any problems you may contact me
! stats show current amount of bot currencies sets gems keys
! level your dream level calculate how many sets and how many keys it will cost to desired level
! check show how many sets the bot have available and how much you can craft
! check amount show how many sets and which level you would reach for a specific amount of keys
! checktf amount show how many sets and which level you would reach for a specific amount of keys
! checkgems amount show how many sets and which level you would reach for a specific amount of gems
! buy amount of cs go keys use to buy that amount of cs go keys for sets you dont have following the current bot rate
! buytf amount of tf keys use to buy that amount of tf keys for sets you dont have following the current bot rate
! buygems amount of sets use to buy that amount of sets for gems following the current bot rate
! buyany amount of cs go keys use to buy that amount of cs go keys for any sets following the current bot rate
! buyone amount of cs go keys use this if you are a badge collector .
bot will send only one set of each game following the current bot rate
! buyonetf amount of tf keys use this if you are a badge collector .
bot will send only one set of each game following the current bot rate
! buygemsone amount of sets use this if you are a badge collector .
! sell amount of cs go keys use to sell your sets for cs go key s
! sellgems amount of sets use to sell your sets for gems
! selltf amount of tf keys use to sell your sets for tf key s
! sellcheck amount of cs go keys use to check information about sets you can sell
there are many changes in solos including gas changes and loot distribution that need feedback from more than just the 7-8 people currently playing .
and do n't get me started on how much the flame of hate has been reignited for bk stay in room ?
one of my favorite parts of rick and morty is the citadel of ricks and morty 's .
but if we are going with the multiverse theory being confirmed could something like this actually exist ?
a finite citadel '' composed of two different people ?
i think that would be really really cool to see .
a citadel composed of myself and for example my friend .
the scx 10 ii has been upgraded and the savage was basically a write off from years of being rode hard and put away wet .
i accidentally found the final ritual location which literally gave me goosebumps after roaming around ka khem nome .
i 'm afraid that i might not complete the game at 100 because i have skipped the other 2 ritual sites .
i mean we have to see that cunningham is struggling right ?
at some point you have to be a coach and let him sit for a while .
darius miller started one game played for 6 minutes and only shot once before he shot his way to the bench '' as everyone kept saying .
let him come off the bench as a 4 and give the 3 minutes to miller ta and moore .
not ideal but cunningham just looks super out of position right now .
how much longer are we going to let jrue play more minutes at pg than he is prepared to .
honestly can see positives in all 3 but this is my prefered order .
just finished the series and have loads of questions having not read the book .
at the end of epi 5 during the dream who grabs grace 's hand at the end ?
i just reset the counter after an off-week and it 's time to get back on the horse again .
writing my thoughts down and communicating with you the community is how i maintained two great streaks in recent history and i do n't want to slip into the abyss by letting go of my socializing here .
so i would like to find an accountability buddy to charge forward with together .
feel free to pm me if anyone of you would like so we can help motivate each other and have someone to talk to regarding such a taboo '' subject in daily life .
do you prefer a 2 in 1 form factor good battery life or best specifications for the money ?
light gaming usually older/indie games with some heroes of the storm thrown in .
capacity to play less-intensive aaa games at low settings also a plus .
any specific requirements such as good keyboard reliable build quality touch-screen finger-print reader optical drive or good input devices keyboard/touchpad ?
reliable build quality durability is highly important i would hope to be using it for 3-4 years good keyboard medium priority and usb c hdmi 2 would also be good but not a priority .
leave any finishing thoughts here that you may feel are necessary and beneficial to the discussion .
a large proportion of my usage is watching/streaming video general web browsing and word processing but i am coming off a surface pro 3 and i found it slightly limiting in what it could play .
not hugely fussed about form but i 'm not a big fan of the overtly gamer laptops e.g .
acer helios 300 most of the acer predator range .
i 've knitted up pieces to my jumper that 's knitted up in mock ribbing stitch .
i 'm struggling to sew the shoulder seams in a way that looks good .
i 've tried the kitchener stitch but it does n't look good .
monday will be there from 7 pm jst tomorrow .
never miss visiting their channel https freshlive.tv/sakuragakuin on ameba .
however you must be subscribed to their channel to watch it .
tutorial on how to sign up can be found here https www.reddit.com/r/sakuragakuin/comments/6ffc9o/sakura_gakuin_ganbare_fresh_monday_signup_tutorial .
there will be translators who will try live translation at the irc chatroom https kiwiirc.com/client/irc.rizon.net/logirl .
no need to register just type your nickname and chat away !
two weeks ago i bought witcher 3 goty digital on sale for ps4 and i absolutely regret not buying it earlier because i am absolutely in love with it .
i found out that the artbook only comes with steam versions of the game and i really want it as i could n't find it online .
i would really appreciate if someone shares it with me .
of late i 've noticed that our little server has been less vibrant and i wanted to change something about it .
so i had the idea to promote our official server on reddit .
we have a wide community of helpful and positive people and we 'd be more than happy to accept any newcomers to the game in our pve environment .
my psn is prettyodd7 feel free to add me and join our lovely server i 'd be more than happy to help out new people and i 'd love to see more established tribes join us so that we could trade and benefit each other .
hey guys im going to the brisbane australia show this friday 10th and his ovo chubbs after-party at the tbc .
unfortunately my friends pulled out so if there is any brisbane fam going to the show or after party hmu .
i know its a minority but thought i would chuck it out .
much love ill be sure to share some footage for the reddit .
to the turks please select the turkish flag as your flair and ask as many questions as you wish here .
if you have multiple separate questions consider making multiple comments .
do n't forget to also answer some of our questions in the other exchange thread https www.reddit.com/r/turkey/comments/7ax0su/welkom_cultural_exchange_with_rthenetherlands in r/turkey .
to the dutch please come and join us in answering their questions about the netherlands and the dutch way of life !
we request that you leave top comments in this thread for the users of r/turkey coming over with a question or other comment .
r/turkey is also having us over as guests in this post https www.reddit.com/r/turkey/comments/7ax0su/welkom_cultural_exchange_with_rthenetherlands for our questions and comments .
please refrain from making any comments that go against the reddiquette http www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette or otherwise hurt the friendly environment .
does anyone know if there is any reason not to add both the 256 gb ssd and the 128gb tf card to the 12.3 lapbook ?
this is happening as i 'm writing this out .
where i 'm living now only has a handful of krispy kreme stores around and the closest one is a half hour away from me so i only go when i hang out at a friends house for the weekend which is about every 6 months or more he only lives 15 mins away too and i know that sounds pathetic but i have other adult responsibilities .
so last night i set my alarm for 5:15am and went to bed at midnight .
as i woke up and checked the time on the digital clock my friend has in his guest room i noticed it was 5:20am and my alarm did n't go off .
ok no big deal luckily i woke up at a good time .
packed up took insulin so i can eat when i get there i am a type 1 diabetic snuck out my friends house put the coordinates into google maps and it warned me that i would be arriving at 4:55am and that it will still be closed .
so i double taked and remembered that we get an extra hour today .
so now i 'm already out in my car tired as hell cold from the rain with 40 units of insulin in me craving some krispy kreme deliciousness .
so i decide to just drive over there and wait an hour for them to open .
i 'm currently in the parking lot writing this out .
first and foremost we all know how heavenly that extra hour of sleep is and would n't sacrifice it for anything but sadly i forgot about it like a chug and wasted this years on some donuts that i should n't even be eating in the first place .
secondly i 'm not feeling low quite yet and i have about 10 mins till opening so i 'll probably be fine but the thought that something bad could have happened in between getting there and waiting an hour is scary and foolish on my part .
tl dr on our yearly end of day light savings day that i forgot about i wasted my extra hour of precious sleep just to wake up early and get fresh krispy kreme donuts with an hour to wait for it to open and 40 units of insulin in me .
i had posted earlier about finding a place in makati/manila .
found a place with a pool and high speed internet and breakfast !
the lower rate does not include electricity/water which i am being told will be billed at actuals supposedly a meter in front of every unit .
since im going to be there from nov-jan which should i pick ?
i 'm hoping to find a book that looks at all the brontes and focuses on their childhoods particularly the atmosphere that allowed the angria/gondal writings to take place .
even if you think it 's quality of life or it 's what was properly intended '' just stop .
i keep seeing comments like i hope they will finally address feral in prebc .
could n't raid tank not that great in pvp honestly only good for leveling .
if you change that you change the way the game was designed to be .
they essentially said that paladins have been shafted since day 1 http i.imgur.com/outuv.jpg .
this guy even made a longstanding series about the topic https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=cwpyhvelbkg list=plc4beedddbddb7bb9 .
their basic argument was that paladin 's class identity was all over the place and they did n't have a structured role in the game .
people said pvp as retribution was rng with seal of command procs and that seal of blood horde only at the time was their only saving grace .
complaining was at a maximum and so blizzard bent to the community .
the 3.0.0 pre-patch hit and paladins became literal gods .
they were given divine storm and crusader strike which ripped through plate like butter .
alliance paladins were given seal of the marytr and all paladins because of the changes to the judgements judgement of wisdom kept their mana high without them needing to switch seals .
if i remember correctly avenging wrath and divine shield could be used at the same time .
hammer of wrath suddenly hit for 35 of your hp bar there was no surviving it like before .
you could n't kite them because of blessing of freedom you ca n't outrun them because of pursuit of justice and you ca n't run away mounted because pursuit of justice gave mounted speed too .
i remember 3.0.0 prepatch avenger 's shield hit me on my 12k hp hunter for 4.6k in resilience gear .
in fact healers would actually go prot because it made them unkillable .
in my opinion from that day forth paladin 's were completely changed forever .
they did a 180 on all their design decisions .
players wanted a paladin class that could do everything and they got it .
they became the best aoe tanks maintained themselves as the best single target healers and got the best burst literally overnight .
please do n't ruin our only change to have a proper vanilla experience .
some classes were designed not to be good at certain roles even though they may have had a talent tree for it .
if you do n't understand concepts like that then please do n't try to press your agenda on the community .
i 'm just wondering since the founding and attack titans are very different is eren 's physical titan form a hybrid of the founding and attack or is it just purely attack with the founding dormant as the coordinate ?
that 's great deal to me convoy c8 new edition flashlight http couponsfromchina.com/2017/03/20/convoy-c8-edition-flashlight-coupon-price-gearbest really good discount !
just finished the second stage ultimate edition graphic novel and it would be sweet to listen to coheed with someone in the area .
also if immigrating from the us to the uk as a nurse would one have to search for a job take a licensing exam and then move ?
or take a licensing exam search for work then move ?
i am trying to figure out a good way to create a movie recommendation engine and need some guidance .
what i have is data with a bunch of movies and binary characteristic for simplicity sake let 's say genres .
what i want to do is loop through all movies and get the n closest neighbours of that item based on the multidimensional characteristics .
so i have been looking in to a bunch of ways of doing this but am now wondering if anyone has a tutorial or another project which has done something similar .
almost everything i find through google is user-based recommendation algorithms .
i just want to map the movies and find the closest match .
i have n't tried to reproduce it but it happened multiple times .
gets fixed after you use ult and morph back to yourself again i think
i just spent 1500 on brand new pc parts .
i finished my build put windows on it downloaded drivers and then i tried to plug in my rgb led strip from phanteks .
i took the led input at plugged it in the motherboards rgb header and then the pc just snapped and turned off and now it wont start .
i have tried to just plug in 1 ram stick and the cpu and starting it but nothing happens .
i know i am a fool for doing this whilst the pc was on but can really a led strip ruin a pc ?
anyone have any leads on good places to ride on the delmarva peninsula ?
i know there are a few mx parks but i ca n't find a single trail .
assateague island has osv but does n't allow atvs .
pocomoke used to have atv trails but not any longer .
not sure if this is just me but the pumpking skin for bk seems to have a really loud vp .
you can hear him talking loudly from the other side of the map and can get irritating at times .
my friend and i looking for serious players or team to play faceit or mm .
some guy pulled up to me in his car as i was leaving a strip mall yesterday .
he claimed he was trying to leave the country but wasnt allowed to board his flight because he had too much perfume in his bag .
i asked if he was trying to sell me it to which he responded no im trying to give them away '' .
becoming sceptical of some stranger giving me free merchandise i refused and walked away .
is there any away to block adsense ads in android ?
hey guys i 've got this 0.080 fs with a firestarter holo and am looking for 127k .
just wondering would be kind of nice of bethesda to give us something .
apologies if this is a dumb question but i 'm looking to take a cold diagnostic lsat pt and i 'm wondering where people usually get them ?
a few google searches did n't shed light for me .
i am looking to start studying an openplus physics course with open university and a partner university either lancaster or sheffield .
i just want to know if anybody has experienced open university and what i can expect going into the course ?
was studying from home easy enough or did you struggle ?
the course studies 2 years from home with the open university then a further 2 years with the partner university where i would complete my degree with them .
what are the best heroes for the offlane you can think of in the current meta ?
no último semestre da faculdade a gente fica meio assustado com o mercado de trabalho mas o que me deixa mais tranquila é que não conheço nenhum farmacêutico desempregado .
será que essa é uma realidade apenas do meu círculo social limitado ?
ah seria interessante também deixar aqui a sua cidade e estado haha pra ver se varia muito de região para região .
4k in-game courtesy of csgro http beta.csgro.com/index.php ? r=screenshotrequests/getss name=screenshot_16430.png
4k in-game courtesy of csgro http beta.csgro.com/index.php ? r=screenshotrequests/getss name=screenshot_16853.png
4k in-game courtesy of csgro http beta.csgro.com/index.php ? r=screenshotrequests/getss name=screenshot_8341.png
4k in-game courtesy of csgro http beta.csgro.com/index.php ? r=screenshotrequests/getss name=screenshot_16294.png
4k in-game courtesy of csgro http beta.csgro.com/index.php ? r=screenshotrequests/getss name=screenshot_8363.png
4k in-game courtesy of csgro http beta.csgro.com/index.php ? r=screenshotrequests/getss name=screenshot_14592.png
4k in-game courtesy of csgro http beta.csgro.com/index.php ? r=screenshotrequests/getss name=screenshot_8343.png
4k in-game courtesy of csgro http beta.csgro.com/index.php ? r=screenshotrequests/getss name=screenshot_9813.png
4k in-game courtesy of csgro http beta.csgro.com/index.php ? r=screenshotrequests/getss name=screenshot_7377.png
4k in-game courtesy of csgro http beta.csgro.com/index.php ? r=screenshotrequests/getss name=screenshot_16855.png
40 on exchange including unknown owners and st variants of the skin http prntscr.com/h2i1kf
4k in-game courtesy of csgro http beta.csgro.com/index.php ? r=screenshotrequests/getss name=screenshot_16007.png
4k in-game courtesy of csgro http beta.csgro.com/index.php ? r=screenshotrequests/getss name=screenshot_7380.png
among the top 80 floats on exchange for this skin st and non-st including unknown owners
4k in-game courtesy of csgro http beta.csgro.com/index.php ? r=screenshotrequests/getss name=screenshot_9977.png
tl dr enforcement of laws if any keeping people safe how do things get done etc .
as you might gather i 'm having trouble answering this question .
some of the people when i️ say communism is a stateless society respond oh ok. others respond with that 's retarded. to be honest i have no clue what it means .
does n't this power vacuum make the perfect target for someone to swoop in and become king or whatever .
i 'm looking at the census of alaskan immigration and it says that the majority of immigrant coming to alaska are either from philippines or alaska .
i wonder how common is russian immigration there since there are close proximities and history .
are there as much russians coming there as new york city ?
this just happened to me today with a girl i was texting for a little over a week after matching on a dating app .
i had a lot of fun texting her and she told me she felt the same way .
but during the date it was completely different and kind of awkward .
i was n't talking as much and was n't feeling the connection .
she texted me after that she does n't think it 's going to work out .
i have lousy social skills and it 's hard for me to socialize and make friends so i 'm wondering if it 's my fault or if this is just something that happens to everyone ?
since i 've been playing boss rush more i 've gotten to use the dokkan mode a lot more and it 's a key element for the game as the name of the game is dokkan battle so in the many times i 've used it it just seems bland .
i feel like if the unit is dokkan exclusive or a regular ssr they should have different types the regular ssr should have the bland one and the dokkan exclusives could have their own unique ones .
they can either work on this in the background or release one every week but idk i do n't work on the game what do you think they should do .
so i 've been thinking about learning to roast my own coffee and eventually starting a business selling my coffee .
i was wondering if anyone here is currently home roasting and or have a business selling their coffee and if they have any tips or advice you can offer me !
i am flying a wyvern with friends in air rb and we all do the same tasks and for some reason i get around 5 k rp and they 10 to 12k .
this is consistent even though we are doing the same things all bombing and killing a mini base with no other extra kills .
i am looking to apply to a specific type of scholarship program .
i am interested in scholarships that cover a fairly large amount of costs in return for service .
an example of this type of scholarship is rotc scholarship where the military pays for your schooling in exchange for you working for them an equal number of years back .
i do n't want to join the military but i want a scholarship similar i do n't mind working for the government just not the military .
if it helps i am looking to major in engineering and i 'm a black female .
if anyone knows of a scholarship like this that would be so helpful !
i sit here and make fun of or talk shit about others for some reason or another .
but at the end of the day all it really is is my envy and anger .
it feels like that 's all i live for now .
they all go have fun and laugh with their friends while i end up alone wishing i was dead already .
i know i 'm capable of being a better person but i just do n't have the will or energy for it anymore .
i 'm looking to buy a dash cam for my brother 's new car and so far the blacksys ch-100b 2-channel seems to be the best option for under 300 .
i have two main questions i was hoping someone could help me out with
1 are there any other dash cam recommendations in a similar price range to this model that also have the same/better features front rear discrete wifi parking mode ?
also does anyone have recommendations for memory card size gps option and free vs. cellink battery b hardwiring kit ?
will this dash cam still be functional in cold winter temperatures ?
the dash cam is for a 2017 mustang if that makes any difference .
2 where can i buy this or other dash cams in canada ?
i ca n't seem to find any of the most recommended ones from this site on amazon.ca and was wondering if the only option is straight from the manufacturer ?
the price shipping is adding up to a lot .
definitely a prospect to keep an eye on this year .
if he keeps scoring at this rate my guess is he 'll sign a pro deal after the year and join the phantoms .
so far he has 6 goals and 14 pts in 9 games .
gut black lam ft https s.metjm.net/4fvjsuw.jpg b/o 27k sold for 26k
redline https s.metjm.net/ke5jgpa.jpg b/o 3.5k .5k 1.35 usd in skins
if you want to bundle i can give these values
when loki was in the vault he took the tesseract .
that 's how thanos 's ship finds the asgard arc in the mid-credit scene .
i recently upgraded and reorganized my whole server and i 'm having a problem with the subtitles since then .
when i watch my media over a remote connection the subtitles work like they should or at least as good as it gets with plex subtitles but when i watch media over a local connection they do not appear in the video after i selected them .
i have absolutely no idea how this happened i did not have this problem before i upgraded however that was a previous version of plex .
will only go first if you are a confirmed trader with more trades .
my conversion is shit or at least it is compared to other case studies here .
i can send 50-65 of my visitors to amazon .
i get them there but without a real need to buy anything .
edit here i send them through best x product guides not through why my cat pukes candy ? ''
this translates into only the 3,5 people that i send to amazon to buy something .
just saying if i could get only to 8 conversion last month i 'd had earned comissions on 732 more products than i actually did .
i 've heard tons of things about how you should write good compeling content but i have n't seen anyone giving an example .
i know i could learn how to writte better content if i had a solid model of piece of content from another affiliate site .
do n't think i have n't tried different things .
currently on my way to create something that my visitors want to read i 'm picking up books on copywriting between other things .
what i want with this post that probably will end banned/deleted is some of you guys sharing for example a post of another affiliate site that you really think are pumping out pretty good content .
i do n't want to find a new niche with this or whatever malicious reason .
if bestproducts.com has pretty good top 10 posts or whatever i want to know because on my eyes i ca n't see if it is good quality or not .
also maybe this can help more people here too .
just got my first t1 ak ch https s.metjm.net/twljboe.jpg .
i have almost 0 knowledge about the ch market besides the good patterns and some of their prices .
excited to have a blue gem for the first time .
i see such awesome stuff from users on this subreddit .
i 'm dying to try one of the weekly challenges but i 'm just coming up squares .
a hat in time '' will be right up her alley .
i would n't call it a girl game '' but it does have a girl as the main character .
i just could n't stand doll girl and her and kylar 's romance felt completely fake .
if his party was still around he would still be a member .
i mean if god was real he 's a dick and lucifer was the only dude cool enough to say so .
the news on the television '' subreddit is that a popular tv personality is not going to be taping for a while .
the natural question to someone suddenly not making the show they make 5 days a week is why ?
even if you feel nothing for the personal tragedy at the very least it is tv related news .
my priest is so conservative that he does n't celebrate mass he offers it .
someone else mentioned that too much character design went into the wandering sorcerer for him/her to be a onetime appearance .
but i agree with you in that the ending was a bit confusing but unfortunately for me that 's nothing new as most things go over my head .
i 'd like to think that found a small reason to live when she saw bone daddy in the flower field .
oh maybe just take a couple bottles of whatever booze back up to my room here and see where they could put us .
maybe just more talking maybe something a bit more intimate ''
a message from my ex admitting she fucked up and she 's going into therapy .
there was a moment i thought a ecu game hail mary pass would be needed to win the game .
it 's the october 25th episode of the bill simmons pod .
i think masai ujiri is the only listed guest but it opens with bill and chris ryan .
i hate her nyfw looks i 've seen in news articles .
i do n't know if she 's a final three or so ... the article i read also had the decoy collections .
many of the alarm systems are overly sensitive faulty .
not to mention most employees at corporate retail stores are being paid just above minimum wage if they 're lucky .
maybe they do n't want to get into a big confrontation with a sullen teenager or a possibly-ill elderly person over 20 of someone else 's money .
the uk region would be rainy like 75 percent of the time because we get a lot of rain .
the bad guy team could be stereotypical british gentlemen who use the stonehenge expy as an energy amplifier to do it whatever it is they want to do .
whereas the ancient greece one could instead of gyms have temples where you fight expies of the olympians and their followers .
the bad guys could be expies of the giants .
with each of the twelve commanders having counters to the expies of the olympians .
like the athena expy could use psychic types so her counter commander could have dark types .
i did not see it topping my list i was so wrong .
til chinatown the conversation blazing saddles and texas chainsaw massacre are boring
i 'll additionally throw in night falls on manhattan '' 1996 andy garcia richard dreyfuss ian holm james gandolfini .
that one smurf that got detected is now not a problem anymore but if the stream of smurfs is constant it does n't matter at all .
new players will still play against smurfs for their first 80 games or something .
i 've got several friends that are learning to play this game .
they 're all probably around 300 mmr right now having a 20 winrate or something .
not quite coincidentally almost all of those smurfs are russians .
the us is more democratic than china it 's freer than china .
it does not execute the largest number of people in the world .
what is the point you 're trying to make ?
is my comparison of the us and china 'whattaboutism ' the perfect unclear term to smear any argument no matter what it is ?
or am i another clueless american patriot who has no idea what 's going on ?
or is genociding your own population to steal their organs fair play ?
surely if this is correct then as you say ships will be balanced by price in that case a ship that costs more than an aurora will be better than an aurora if it can perform the same functions
at first i thought the m22 were a joke m now i 'm weary of them .
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
it is like they forget how good he was in spring and at msi .
my first experiences of sex were with condoms and i continued to use condoms for over two years .
i got an iud a week after i had sex without a condom .
i farmed this crawling doctor lvl 40 every day got 5million points already and he still didnt give me a single ag knight .
i got every other sr card at least 5 times but no knight yet .
you say that but also saying you 'll probably be dead by 30 tells me you are n't convinced .
so it 's not the goal just a happy coincidence of this sort of drug abuse .
but there 's something stopping you from just od'ing on this shit and peacing the fuck out .
hold your first two fingers with your other hand then try moving your pinky without moving your ring finger .
i can move my pinky without my ring finger so much as twitching .
this is a great way to plan for future drama while also setting your husband up to be the bad guy .
if you cut the leaves they have that same green gelatinous look inside .
he shrugged and turned back to the fire watching the s'mores cook .
so um i hope you do n't mind me asking but how is it being a diabetic ? ''
what was the odds on a three-time and new '' parley in vegas ?
i 'm going to say something which sounds like special pleading and which if applied to other situations would sound really bogus but bear with me .
i just want to suggest that this falls under the heading of something we might think is a probable alternate outcome when in fact it is n't .
when someone flips a coin and it lands heads up it seems that there was a roughly 50/50 chance that it would have landed tails up but in reality it 's a completely deterministic event and the universe in which it landed the other way up has always been an alternate universe which has only now become detectable .
similarly whereas there are events which seem to us to have easily gone another way often they could n't we just think they could 've done because we do n't know all the factors .
i am thoroughly impressed at the fun i 'm having with my playthrough .
as juicy as that sounds that would require 2 champs both leaving their current divisions without defending their titles and conor has had long enough of avoiding a title defence defend or vacate motherfucker ''
not saying the ufc wo n't go for it but imo it would n't be the next fight
'' see how many titles gsp can collect before he retires ''
well fighting conor at 170 would not give him one of those
but it 's not optimal in pro-play or in high elo
so it 's optimal for more than 99 people you say ?
from what i hear many maybe most female celebs regusrly fuck their bodyguards .
i had the same problem with a dell docking station had the same hdmi and vga ports right next to each other .
i found out that it supports either hdmi or vga output not both at the same time .
i double checked this by cutting off the side pins on the vga cable .
i 'm pretty sure the manual says something about that .
but yeah it sucks they should have made that more obvious on the box .
i can get to the japan site right from the links .
this gave me flashbacks to my old raving days .
it 's like saying it 's the end of the world !
then someone chimes in with the classic no man will know the hour of the end . ''
the day goes by and the prophets say of course it did n't happen we predicted it would therefor god had to postpone . ''
then they dupe a fresh crowd and maintain some of the old .
exactly there was a bug basically it was self illuminated and lighting would n't affect it .
this is really well put and i agree with a lot of what you are saying .
a political movement like the fireflies is just as vulnerable to radicalization into a cult like organization as a religious movement .
in the aftermath of loosing the cure and marlene they 'd be ripe for a charismatic leader to step in and radicalize them to the sort of extremest behavior we saw in the trailer .
but i really do n't see a political movement like the fireflies adopting religious jargon .
having said that disillusioned and isolated fireflies would probably be great potential converts so maybe there was some crossover
our game sucked but i ca n't lie ... watching urban cryer lose hard was glorious
typically if high golds are going low low golds are going high and vice versa .
just got ta snipe or buy when low like thursdays .
market is extra high because of fo sets and mf token sets that are still active till the 10th .
i highly doubt raids will ever go as late as 10pm .
i saw one of your posts asking about tunisia tunis i'am from there i can answer your questions also if you still have some to return the favor huh
i meant the politicians that held 47 of the vote in the last election and are holding hostage the 53 of catalonia electorate .
have n't had a dirtbike in a few years and the one i had was a 1980 250 .
it needs a lot of love but its on its way to being a reliable rider .
the 450 is crazy powerful might be a little much since i only have like 10 hours of total dirtbike experience but it was to great of a deal to pass up on .
now i have an image of tooru 's family being a bunch of ninjas stuck in my head .
yep that 's why the soviet union fell gorby wanted to eat dog food pizza hut crap
with crowder out i think grant moves into the slot and will be a better play than tp
native with taboola outbrain and yahoo gemini are great .
however at 10 price point you do n't have much room to work with most cpas for a credit card sale cost 20-40 minimum in just ads .
at a 10 ltv to be successful with paid ads you 'll need super cheap .03 cent clicks or adjust your pricing have big 1-click upsells post purchase .
nah i do n't want to have to sell my child into slavery .
you 're right i understand how my comment does that but it was not my intent .
i was just lashing out quickly because the dude told me to fuck off .
how did you hear about it if it was hushed up '' ?
for a further twist of weird on top of the physics the brain is fairly good at correcting '' for coloured light sources and will continue to tell you that things appear to be their ordinary colours even when a camera recording the actual wavelengths of the photons received would see everything as tinted .
your brain has a detailed model of the world and uses its own expectations as an input to build up that model .
that can affect what you see unless the model is directly contradicted by what your senses say in which case it 's forced to update with that new information .
but your senses are sometimes much fuzzier less complete or more easily misled than our perceptions seem because the brain is correcting and covering over the uncertainty .
although that does also create some optical illusions where the setup of the scene tricks the brain into correcting '' for things that are n't real .
for example these two rubiks cubes https i.imgur.com/oowgcpo.jpg where the green-looking squares from the one under a red-filter still look totally green even though if you take it into a paint program and use a colour picker they 're actually orange .
that bewildered hank shot however will break 1k upvotes and prompt a sad hank '' circlejerk
it happens to some teams in some city a few times a year .
i do n't remember more than a couple of free folds in this model and very minor ones .
maybe you should give it another try honestly i was convinced i would fail miserably but i am really glad to have folded this and now i even want to fold it again to practice !
i 'm not just perfect but i also remain humbly modest .
he has a great floor and fits the offense well .
i have it on my normal rdr disc not game of the year edition and it works fine
couldnt read the second paragraph right for the longest tim and thought he wrote a book about important people in book distribution and people were loving the idea of a book about book selling .
nothing splashy no animations or pretty picture to make you feel comforted .
just straight to the point and frank as can be .
maybe i 'll give it another go then and try to snag a sealed copy of dragon off ebay or somesuch .
do you ever find yourself sort of acting the story and getting into it letting your voice get excited and put emphasis on dialogue erc ?
i worry that i 'll start doing that and the dictation software will completely lose me google voice does p or i 'll have to hold it back and lose the flow .
i seem to have two modes either over-acting or perpetual weird monotone .
edit but even my 'over-acting ' is kinda monotone maybe i dunno .
and wtf are you talking about whites being shot by the police ?
no matter how you slice the numbers percentage of total absolute numbers relative to population size ect its primarily african americans that are the victims of police shootings .
this is a great example of a team playing with the lead and not letting up
let 's just pretend for a second that it 's cm punk
have no idea what your talking about and less idea as to why the z film is a hoax '' !
i still do n't have tyranitar because i 'm walking larvitar and because tyranitar raid are rare .
i see them maybe once a week or once every two weeks but the raids happen when i work or i can never find anyone to raid them .
now it looks like it will be even more difficult .
and i lost my chance at a good shiny magikarp through raid .
unless it 's video games mainstream music or anything they want to illegally download .
we literally got a magnamite nest on thursday and i thought the exact same thing !
i will be plagiarizing this as often as possible .
stuart macgill is surely the unluckiest cricket ever to have lived .
i thought i was in love once but now i know what true love is .
if you watch him closely he does gets away with that 2-3 times a game lmao i just dont think the refs really care p
yeah i understand why it happened but i think it was rude .
40 is unplayable to me i 'm usually at 28 .
by intellectual property do you mean every part of the game ?
so in other words can i just never mention the name but keep the sport in the game ?
ah ok so it 's basically saying i 'm aligned with your mortal enemy .
idk i 've been here since day 1 and yes there 's always been hype and chat surrounding new games ... but this one kind of trumps all .
i do n't know if it 's smo or it 's the update that allows people to record 30 sec clips .
smoked the 4 years i was in the military .
once i quit cigs and moved onto vaping shush it 's better than cigs felt so much better .
i 'd go for a cigar once in awhile but that 's about it .
that 's the way to work it man none of it fucking matters some people take this shit way too seriously i still have one nut job sending me almost weekly hate mail for some shit i said like a year ago lol
lol all it 's promoted is let 's roam around and team shot .
not anyone can blow your head off with a sniper that takes skill
honestly like i said i was willing to forgive him .
i was going to forgive him after i beat him in the duel and i was a forgiving nature character .
but just the whole duel thing was annoying and mean .
it is like gatekeeping when people jerk off about it but i would definitely choose a manual over an auto any day of the week .
the digital screen component can let you display pictures but you will need to write code to put the image on the screen pixel by pixel .
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
i 'm in the same boat the extra mythril and accessories help a lot .
eugene debs did just that in 1920 https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eugene_v._debs incarceration .
honestly for most people 's usage people overspend on getting flagships even if monthly payments although i get the desire for the latest gadget they are pretty cool
i sold my iphone 7 plus one day as i needed money and bought a 129 iphone se for straight talk .
software updates for at least up to 2019 apple pay imessage touch id etc .
not a flagship level design or specs but it has basically everything most people need and use .
downside is a smaller display but i ended up liking the form factor a lot .
hopefully apple updates it because i ca n't justify the latest and greatest when all i do is calls texting email browsing pictures and social media apps .
but that 's just me i get having the newest tech is pretty cool and if you have the money why not ?
but i found a happy medium between spending a ton and having a nice phone that does n't feel cheap or slow .
but please save evolution discussion in the upcoming thread .
before you start that thread i 'd strongly recommend you read why evolution is true https www.amazon.com/why-evolution-true-jerry-coyne/dp/0143116649 by evolutionary biologist jerry coyne .
it 's an entertaining clear well-written overview the single best book i 've read on the topic of evolution and in the running for the best popular science book i 've read period .
i have no doubt that it 'll teach you much you do n't know and at the least it will make any subsequent discussion of evolution you might want to have more productive on both sides .
tes might take a little bit more time to develop due to the everything way more complex about it .
the secrets and double life and paranoia that they will find out that gasp i 'm normal .
it has led to a lot of anger and resentment and also a long rebellious phase with drugs and alcohol which ironically is what the church teaches will happen if you do n't have them .
they point their fingers and say see what happens when you stop going to church ?
i feel your pain man the only thing i can say is time heals wounds but you 're never going to heal as long as you are still living that double life .
you need to be independent and live an honest life
1 they tell you whether you are accepted right away or whether a decision can not be made at the time .
if it can not be made it usually comes with a request for evidence .
2 from leaving the interview to participating in the oath ceremony there were eight days in between for me .
but it is not illegal unless that information was hipaa-protected in the first place which is unlikely if you do not provide medical care or work with medical insurance .
oops looks like this pack was made before there were separate taiko and mania beatmap packs .
still does n't explain the unranked set being included though .
a lot of this game has to do with health luck and randomness .
the cream will always eventually rise to the top but apart from those two or three teams lots and lots and lots of randomness .
if i were you i 'd just find a similar cleaning business in a different area copy their website .
there should n't be that much to say about it .
gas is the token the smart contract platform uses you generate it by holding neo in your wallet or the binance exchange .
you can keep it for the future or sell it on the open market .
nah i just got in bed but if i remember tomorrow i will send a pic to ya
the punishment for all felony level crimes in sc should be death as it 's the only thing in this video game that 's supposed to carry long lasting consequences not just short term consequences .
reasonable monetary fines simply are n't an effective means to make players think twice before risking a felony crime .
now if the fines are n't reasonable for instance they take 90 99 of all your assets for committing a felony level crime then it may be enough of a deterrent .
when i say felony level crime i mean extreme crimes that would put you on someone 's hit list .
murder for instance would be felony level meanwhile just assaulting someone would n't be .
stealing a single scu harmless to the society at large probably would get a slap on the wrist .
stealing two hull-es worth of cargo some one is gon na want you dead .
smuggling a pound of space cocaine probably a fine and some jail time .
they would n't want the criminal mastermind to keep breathing or they 'd be risking another 500 million tons making it through .
also i thought the advocacy was more along the lines of the fbi in terms of form and function .
yeah for example segwit and rbf eliminating time-out zero-conf which are pretty commercial contributions
here 's a sneak peek of r/seventhworldproblems using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/seventhworldproblems/top ? sort=top t=year of the year !
1 i have n't taken my medicine in time three hours .
when i look up i see a color blue and redacted sky .
there are redacted and object birds in the sky .
my machine is status there and action does work .
what classes do you want to take as an upperclassman ?
i honestly think it should be attributed to mental health disorder .
if you believe in imaginary friends after the age of 9 something 's wrong with you
just not a great lecturer although others will disagree .
i guess 2217 might just be hard in general and is hard to teach .
haha funny you say that shows how much of a normie i am .
the piece that brought this question up is canon rock for the violin .
there 's riff/run just before the last repetition of the canon theme .
i can always fake it with a different passage but i was curious to know how such is taught in classical pedagogy
outside of his family i do n't think anybody really likes him .
he does n't have enough people who respect him enough to take the fall for him .
apparently the 99 does n't like hearing the blunt truth about how much they have their ass hanging in the wind .
i wish them luck but ops story is n't exactly a rare scenario and if the market tanks and budgets for shit like freelancers dry up a whole lot of people here are exposed to a fuckload of liability .
ariza or j. richardson both are on my waiver wire at the moment .
i mean just looking at the locations given it 's pretty clear whats happening .
more stringent border control is catching more border runners crossing the southern border and since a very profitable means for those people to make their money is selling those they are running into slavery ...
let 's be clear crossing the border illegally is bad not just because it 's bad for the american economy but because it 's extremely fucking dangerous for a fuck ton of different reasons .
the question is how well do you know your roommate after reading all this .
i saw that video jeesus why would he do that
and yet i know people who could n't be bothered to finish it .
be that as it may my country is dragging itself towards global goals to fight climate change .
other countries are choosing to work towards the goals that ensure my children 's grandchildrens and great grandchildrens future .
i admire countries that see the problem decide on the steps to rectify the problem and pass legislation to rectify the problem .
i am ready and willing to sacrifice for my children 's future .
i do n't wish to sell them out and leave them in unacceptable conditions to make my life easier or to enrich another billionaire .
apparently my president could give a rats ass for the future of this planet ... .just saying .
i would probably say its a european thing that came along with globalism which due to a lot of things european mannerisms became dominiant .
i strongly disagree with you saying there 's an inherent risk to gmos .
the trillion meal project proved that they are literally harmless .
the only issues you mentioned that are legitimate are business issues not health issues .
i have a curved one and i love it no one is hating on curved banana dicks lol but someone already asked that question today i believe
pls make run like looney tunes when she shifts and bitch slap her enemies with her slipper when she melees
show me 5g with 200gb for 50 bucks then it can rival nbn
i have as much faith in 5g plans being usable to consumers '' as i do of nbn rolling out 1gbit plans on fttn connections
i find the most erotic part of a woman is the boobies .
you 're taking all their money until your investment is back if it earns out .
and worse the only writers who will fall into your trap are a self-selected group of writers too ignorant to understand that there 's zero chance you can offer them anything they could n't do for themselves .
it 's not about the points it 's about burying the conversation .
understood however someone specifically asked for it and it would be silly to make a new post in that thread to hand it out there ...
i ca n't tell if you 're making a statement and tossing an accusation towards cd projekt red or genuinely agreeing .
which i attribute to my emotionally crippled and very cynical state of mind .
i 'm at 70 fps at 1440p ultrawide in alexandria .
and it has a ton more going on than novigrad .
and the witcher 3 is one of my top 10 games of all time .
and aco is n't even though it 's a lot of fun .
get some diatomaceous earth and spread it in your cupboards .
as the result of having been relentlessly invaded and controlled by a parent or two .
i only know about such stiff because i have it .
see barry janae weinhold 's flight from intimacy on co and counter-dependence .
i had to do a lot of de-programming and re-programming to get as free as i have which is far from completely but a lot better than truly stuck in it .
had to face the facts in a lot of self-examining meditation-based pt .
see items 7b and 7c as well as 9 in the earlier post at the link below .
from bipolar to borderline to complex ptsd the long way around the recovery barn https www.reddit.com/r/cptsd/comments/71moyr/from_bipolar_to_borderline_to_complex_ptsd_the
i ca n't remember the first time i heard 46 2 ... might have been on the radio i really do n't know .
i do know that i had heard it plenty of times before i actually listened to it for what it really is .
then again this is a nice name for richard why ?
i see you 've got the pillows ok come on then .
knicks power trio next year gon na be porzingis doncic and rubio
i do n't think i 'd be easy to answer that question without going a little bit more specific .
cloning exists in all generations though gen v has n't been directly confirmed and it requires version-tracking https bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/cloning_glitches
good idea but the jarls might not approve of the capturing of their land .
maybe if you could be in a bandit group and just start taking over everything .
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
op has opted for a serious flair indicating his/her preference for a no-nonsense discussion on the topic .
this is not a subreddit rule but we ask you to not engage in jokes puns and off-topic discussion in any comment parent or child .
please downvote comments that do so as we would like community to self moderate this subreddit .
please contact moderators of r/indiaspeaks http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2findiaspeaks subject=moderation+bot if you have any questions .
super certainly has n't been skimpy with the action scenes .
they 've honestly been pretty consistently good for most of this arc .
not counting porn it would be the amount of videos and random pictures that is n't organize sitting on my desktop
the air temps are different on the ground than in the air and go down quite quickly .
average 41 f at 5000 ft. at 15k it 's very cold around 5.5 f or 14.7 c according to some quick searches .
some other quick searches tell me ww1 pilots flew usually between 5k-19k .
garbarant was acting like a fucking asshole the last few months .
alright i have n't gotten up to level 55 yet either is there a way to get around that that does n't involve buying legend or guardian ?
here 's my char page for reference do n't mind my username lol i made the account when i was 10 or something http www.aq.com/character.asp ? id=shadowdragons12345
the mark of a good coach is getting your team to be able to be better than just the sum of their parts .
if you have players always playing below their potential you need to start looking to the coach .
but do n't despair all in all you are pretty cool you look like a guy with a story to tell .
work on that story and you will have the ladies at your feet .
it does n't need to be true but a strong element of truth helps .
first-hand stories like yours and fact-based data-driven research is how cbd and cannabis can become a legitimate medicine for countless individuals .
i 've contributed stories about ptsd and cbd use together
there 's articles on there following the most recent developments of cannabis medicine for ptsd and many other diseases .
how do you reconcile the fact that the regulatory bodies established by the government are susceptible to regulatory capture ?
that 's totally in west virginia or rural pa i totally played there as a kid
shooter 's mother in law had a po box in sutherland springs .
it turns out the advancement in bullets is what leads to more deaths per mass shooting .
because the german legal system is protecting them from a total shutdown .
live look at the end of the first half .
no seismological data for any possible iran or saudi nuke tests .
then why do people say pakistan and the like are nuclear powers ?
there is an immense network of supporters of islamic terrorism around the world and whatever nk scientists they get will have already have done all the hardest parts of building a nuke specially a small one .
they ca n't even pull off a half decent terrorist attack they are n't going to manage to build a nuke .
one of the major sources of nk and isis and aq funding is illegal activity .
the southern cone is a major hub of activity for all of them surely some level of interaction exists .
should n't also forget that nk is a military importer/exporter with many islamic countries .
yeah but do you really think those scientists would run towards isis fleeing the us military when they can just get a cushy job in the west ?
getting out of nk to those groups would be a monumental task on it 's on and i just do n't see it happening .
we kill you because a lot of you have risk in inv you forget about sometimes ... i killed a guy at black chins last week with almost 2k chins ...
that 's the harshest criticism of this dude ever fuck you fantastic you 're the reason i joined up with a barbaric legion of ruthless slavers that model themselves on a decadent and cruel ancient empire you dick ! ''
no i said that i worked out a ton before i did this to myself .
ate very clean generally lived a very healthy lifestyle .
i still force myself to go to the gym but my workouts are nowhere near as good as they used to be because it 's like the entire hard drive of my brain has just been erased and my motivation memories and personality with it .
my drinking goes on and off though i do n't think i drink that much more than a normal person generally .
it was never an issue before i fried my brain .
i was dealing with some ptsd issues before last year that the mdma actually fixed hence gross psychic garbage but those last two doses just did something awful to me .
it is frustrating trying to explain it to someone who has n't experienced it and wants to keep insisting it 's normal depression but the best way i can describe it is that it feels like my brain has been chemically bleached .
the weird non-stop pressure behind my forehead and feeling like my frontal lobe has just been scooped out along with depersonalization derealization completely blank mind dead emotions et al is in tandem with what everyone on the ltc thread of the bluelight forums has described even though a lot of those people took just as little or even less mdma than i did .
it would appear some people are just very sensitive to it .
i can appreciate that you 're trying to help but not having my own lived experiences taken at face value and dismissed outright as something i know it 's not is incredibly frustrating .
my job requires me to do a lot of financial research on high net worth individuals and this was simply some of the publicly available information that i remembered from a research project in russia .
perfectly good reason for me to stop watching the season .
i love dunkey so much despite him being black .
just the laid back fuck you '' attitude of this tweet speaks to me
it 's actually a time i look forward to each year because it means that i can put on my pjs super early and without guilt .
doofe frage aber wie bitte passt eine ganze bar in den reifen ?
the only games where i 've complained '' about how much story there is is in a game like witcher 3 or dragon age in a good way .
if destiny had that much story and lore content in-game i 'd be throwing my money at the screen .
sounds like you might have some intestinal problems that 's causing bad digestion .
sent you an offer with all the couriers feel free to counter offer if you do n't want any of them .
it 's crazy how he went from a very reliable kicker to where he is now .
if you 've already passed aircrew selections continue on that route .
edit i 'm not sure why i 'm getting downvoted for my contribution but ok .
yeah but i like diabolos more than titan so i let titan rot on my xon when farming but id change espers if the encounter so needed .
yea i do n't think they 're smarter they 're just willing to do anything sort no scruples behavior .
other schools have people who are motivated to work harder and that 's how they compete '' .
people at berkeley might start rumors about you or drug you and even worse shit tbh .
death texas and denny hamlin barfing on his shoes on a late restart .
i guess you 're right that poke to the head was simply too much for lattimore to handle .
he coukd have just walked it off and nothing more would have happened .
i just popped a tall grass key lime pie .
it does n't add enough privacy/security for it to make a difference against standard blockchain pseudo-anonymous transactions so why bother ?
it 's there strictly for marketing reasons if the team cared about security they would warn you about the pitfalls .
ppl who have played sports just get that feeling that this is one of those plays is all .
eu gostei do tema e eu fiz a prova .
se fosse algo que todo mundo tava esperando não ia ter graça .
não tem que conhecer profundamente o assunto pra escrever a respeito enem é bem fórmula de bolo .
is it still true that you have to be related to noble family to be a parliament member ?
that the guns that have been used here don't come from indiana ?
the fact that he was a crip is all the proof that you need .
this is the 2017 version of an exploration tengu fit i posted to my blog some years back http jestertrek.blogspot.com/search ? q=exploration+tengu
carry a tengu propulsion interdiction nullifier in your subsystem bay and a mobile depot in cargo .
right before going to null swap out your propulsion subsystem removing one large shield extender .
the guns are purely defensive or maybe for getting small pirate bounties here and there .
in the years since i posted the original fit i 've heard from at least three people who used it to visit every system in new eden .
the biggest advantage to the fit is the 100mn ab .
if you jump through a gate into a serious gate-camp pulse your mwd once try and cloak and even if you get decloaked and tackled you should be able to engage your 100mn ab to get back to gate and away .
but the chance of that happening is slim since your align-and-warp speed in low is 3s and around 5s in null/w-space and you can shrug off the first point that lands on you .
staying faithful to gaiden it 's a 1 rn which is why higher percentage hits miss much more often than in 2 rn games .
interesting that one has more of a curve than the ones i 've seen brad turn .
have you ever thought that maybe you are the problem .
damn if only doom clan was there to pk them all smh .
just remember next time his hp hits 0 you have 3 seconds to say dc failure to comply will result in multiple citations and if they are not paid within 30,000 business ticks you will be permed .
basically half the people in those videos on the youtube channel are dead .
i do n't think anyone took that as sarcasm it was pretty obvious .
i tried that earlier today and i still had the same problem .
it 's way fucking better than just blowing someone else 's shit up at least in my book .
unless you happen to have a hangar right beside the victims you still probably have a fair amount of travel time to get it back safe .
if you 're just stealing from a player you outlevel so heavily they could never win then you 're a dick .
i mean the last game to have it as a full time playlist was bo3 and it almost never had above a 1 population .
it 's really not as popular as reddit makes it out to be
i 'm more upset about the lack of party modes in this game personally
yeah i just hope the ue wo n't fuck with our laws .
they seriously need to up their pr game because most players are not so 'famous ' in na but as soon as people start seeing the have the best player in the world in season 6 and some of the very best korean player in all roles they will surely get some bandwagon going .
when we have 573 casualties from not repealing those restrictions then we can talk about repealing them .
if gun advocates were n't so pigheadedly stubborn about common-sense restrictions then we could actually do something about the more irrational ones .
but when they 're the only restrictions that gun advocates will allow we 'll take what we can get .
i rebooted cleared bluetooth cache re-paired and mine has been ok since .
nice they beat a party that did n't have a major standing in the first place .
stayed up all night watching monty python sketches and redditing and yes it was great
terry is an amazingly smart guy but his mental health issues are not surprising when you realize templeos is basically the paranoid obsession of a religious zealot .
he programs things a certain way because god tells him so vga 480x640 is his chosen resolution btw and he does n't support some systems because intel is run by cia niggers '' .
templeos is amazing because it 's done by a long-time programmer with tons of experience coupled by religious obsession to an unhealthy degree .
if you banned based on ip you could end up banning a whole university or business very easily .
why go to that risk when you could just set a flag against the user in the database ?
i wish i could 've pulled off that save ...
i almost got both moons in this room on my first shot then either missed a platform or clipped a poison wave ca n't remember which on my way back from the key and could n't recover .
it took me about 10 more attempts after that for one reason or another .
lol i know it 's cringey but i was just so happy .
cannabis 2 litres of milk bananas fibre rich bread with butter ham sliced tomatoes and salt .
eat when you can you need the minerals from the bananas and the salt .
btw u/zephyrosmx you are fluent in japanese for playing cs3 ?
da ist keine kuh drauf um davon abzulenken dass 0,5 fettgehalt in wirklichkeit wasser ist .
03:30 pm et happens when this comment is 9 hours and 30 minutes old .
i 'm a bot if you want to send feedback please comment below or send a pm .
so ... who 's idea was it to shoot a fish barrel in the first place ?
the 'divas ' were a bigger draw than the women will ever be
i 'm glad cobra got his wish of seeing this with 10k upvotes .
i am secular irreligious saudi and i would say all of things done by mbs are done for power money and getting usa approval no less no more .
no real reform can happen with an absolute monarchy .
no real progress can occur without freedom of speech .
sid from ice age had sex with a brain damaged prostitut and left at birth and you are the out come .
any board will get you 3200 cl14 i had the gaming 3 from gigabyte and had no issues at all getting my kit to run at that frequency timings .
i heard a lot of good things about the taichi but if you do not need the extra features over a b350 then no need for one .
translated into spanish the catalonia changed its constitution to state that tarragona which was demanding the status of a region can go fuck itself and since we are into it also the rest of spain .
if any living thing gets within 50 ft of my house at night my dog let 's me know .
i would not be able to sleep tonight without her .
you 're saying instead of ddosing one or two people they ddos the entire team and then sent you a taunting message about it .
i find it a lot more likely that you got frustrated at trials and wrote this message to attack it .
idk but here is an article about propagating roses .
no the car came with oil already in it .
to protect the subreddit from spam we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
we ask you to participate in the comment sections of our subreddit to build up the karma you need to post here and to learn the rules and standards of our community then you wo n't be affected by this spam filter .
spend some time getting to know r/dankmemes and then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
do not message us asking how many points you need .
just get out there and make some comments and you 'll be all good in no time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
vetruvian golems work well together and are quite consistent .
pretty much just throw in the usual neutral golems and vet golems and shoehorn in a half-decent lategame finisher and you 'll have a reasonably consistent deck .
can be good but requires some set-up and isn 's as consistent .
arcanhai with shidai as general is pretty damn good and quite consistent thanks to the reliable double spell procs .
vanarcyst i 'm not really a fan of but they are decent enough .
in order to burn fat you need to watch your calories .
you can find a lot of information on it in r/loseit
you could also read up on the keto diet which helps some people with experiencing less hunger .
do you know if your medication slows down your metabolism or if it increases your hunger or both ?
aa and estrogen slow down metabolism a tad and sometimes causes hunger leading to a binge
read through r/loseit because you can go to the gym but if you then eat and drink more you will still gain weight in the form of fat .
staying safe will depend on the country you 're in .
in the west you could contact a gym about you being trans and see what the options are for example .
just first go to the gym but do n't go in .
for a month just go there each week and you will build up the routine of going there .
next you can build up the routine of going inside and doing one thing .
not sure what you meant with not offending anyone ?
almost bought a long grey down hilfiger coat there the other day .
i was waiting for someone to tell a story about amway pyramid schemes .
tl dr before i knew about amway a friend now acquaintance told me about some business opportunity and asked me if i 'd like to go to some meeting .
he did n't tell me we 'd be going to some random dude 's house .
for the second friend i had a gut feeling that he was going to give me an amway pitch .
he 's a nice guy so i decided to humor him with another friend of mine .
we legitimately hung out after his pitch so that one was n't so bad .
the third time was a customer of mine who told me i was great with people and recommended a job that will help me make a lot of money and have me retire in ten years '' or something .
i already knew this was an amway pitch at this point and just flat out refused .
sorry i 'm on mobile so no super detailed story .
or what they would do if they had the resources .
did the clearly facetious tone of my comment pass you by ?
seems like this is just a lawsuit for the sake of establishing case law .
nobody is actually offended by having an alternate oath .
given the current political climate is a lawsuit like this helpful ?
are we sure the supreme court would side with the plaintiff ?
the gameplay is pretty punishing and the story quite unaccessible.. but in a dark souls-kind of way .
i 've played about 10-15 hours and i 'm loving and hating it at the same time .
as a pretty casual gamer i 'm excited for the lower difficulty setting in the expansion so i can play around with the systems without fear of breaking the game .
he 's a coffee guy so i grind coffee beans and prep his coffee for the morning because he likes it when i make it .
as a bonus sometimes i write his favorite family guy quotes or something sexual on these sticky pads with cats on them let him know that i 'm thinking of him and that i 'm using up these expensive sticky pads i purchased online on him .
cosby confessed to having drugged the women before he had sex with them .
or it could have a very average toyota automatic .
though if its anything like the lexus single clutch box in the lfa it might be alright .
henderson is not a stronger wrestler in mma than gsp in terms of takedowns etc .
and chaels overall grappling is also not as good as gsps and it gave anderson fits .
i think gsp would have taken him down all fight long and keep him there .
like the first chael fight without the submission at the end .
i took all three at osu and the worst for me was 254 .
winona is either wasted or giving a highlight reel of joyce byers facial expressions
overall this is either no change or a nerf .
i understand that this flag is a treasure to your family but i think it would be righteous to contact the obon society so they can find and return it to its owner .
i understand that it 's a honorable trophy to your grandfather but these families would like to have their memories of their loved ones back .
more than just a scan copy of the flag .
it would mean the world for them if you return it .
but if you really do n't want to return it then there is nothing else i can say .
some people need crutches because own legs will never go anywhere .
if you ever want to know the truth or accept it you can read the wikipedia page under support and opposition .
we ended our revolt ostensibly when we were told we would become citizens of the british empire .
that 's how easy it was to bribe the rebels .
atleast it will signal people of how flimsy your worldviews are anyway .
i 've got better things to do than talking to some pathetic guy stroking his ego over dead bodies of people .
which heads of major corporations are you referring to ?
dude anywhere between 500k and 3 million germans were killed in those expulsions after the war ...
you still keep in touch with the other kid ?
if a combative patient needs medical care security ca n't handle it .
if a patient is thrashing because they are n't getting enough oxygen and it fucks up their mental status i ca n't just remove myself from the situation until they calm down .
i have to get in there and save their fucking life and if i get hit doing it then so be it .
yeah this chick brought it upon herself but a lot of my patients are in the hospital because of shit they did to themselves .
i 'm not just gon na clock a guy because he spent 40 years smoking and never exercising nor am i going to just let someone suffer lose function or die because it was their own damn fault they were in the situation .
this chick did n't have a gun she was a crazy drunk asshole .
but that cop should n't have smashed her in the face like that .
one day i got sick of wwe and stopped watching for a few years .
i saw lucha underground and was hooked once again .
now if i get tired of one promotion i just find another and go check out the storylines and follow only what i really want to .
i am not sure if the dragon pay-off is worth the massive loss in card quality involved in playing enough pauper-legal dragons .
lightning shrieker amounts to a bad '' lava axe most of the time .
even when you have reduced the cost by one mana paying 4 for 5 damage is a terrible deal .
even paying 3 is only really good in a dedicated burn deck which this is nowhere near .
a 2/2 flyer for 4 is around 3 turns too slow .
delver of secrets has stopped being played in many u/b lists because he 's too slow and dies to removal too easily .
your two mana 1/1 needs two mana invested in it to make it a two mana 3/1 ...
which is passable in a format of thraben inspector s and tokens .
dragonlord 's servant is sort of like a bad '' augur of bolas .
augur nets you a card 's worth of advantage in the decks built around him and that card amounts to roughly a bad '' preordain of value so perhaps closer to opt or serum visions in actual power level .
that 's an effect easily worth one mana anticipate and its ilk such as impulse and peer through depths are fringe playable at two mana .
the servant nets you one mana for each dragon spell you cast .
you 're going to need to net more than a dark ritual 's worth of mana before it starts to approach being worth a full card .
that means sticking around for 2-3 turns in most instances .
that is n't a good game plan when the pay-off is poor creatures such as those above .
dragon 's egg is a bad card unless you have enough self-sacrifice effects such that you can remove it for a positive effect and even then it becomes effectively a free '' sac effect for carrion feeder etc a 2/2 firebreathing flyer ...
which is worth three mana but only if it works out all of the time .
if you delay for even a turn it starts to look unattractive .
foul-tongue invocation a fine card when its effect works but not premium .
if there were an edict effect at 3 mana that gained you four life it would be a tutor target in teachings list and a strong sideboard card but three mana removal that often eats a token in a format that expects edict effects is simply not premium '' .
it 's a fine card when it works but it often wo n't and when it does n't work it 's an embarrassing diabolic edict a card that you rarely see outside of teachings lists due to its mana efficiency .
draconic roar we have searing blaze as an alternative .
while this is fine '' it 's also not sufficient pay-off to suggest that it 's worth building a sub-par deck around .
it would be a great addition to a good dragon 's deck but i would not view it as an incentive to build one .
overall i like your creativeness and i can see you are dedicated to building some form of dragon deck but the deck appears fragile slow and like its individual cards are weak .
i do n't fully know why you chose to pair night 's whisper and rite of flame it seems that you do n't know if the deck needs card advantage or needs to be explosive in pauper you really have to choose one being both is nigh impossible .
i do n't think this will ever be a competitive deck but if it is just designed as a casual deck then good luck to you .
if you are interested in reading more about building competitive decks please get back to me and i am sure we can source you with some interesting reading material .
ok i can understand not knowing how to work a particular child lock if you do n't deal with them on a regular basis but there 's no excuse for not taking the two seconds to ask
i got low eyesight so i can use my nose to do catching if my hands are busy but meh .
for a witch hunt ... there sure are a lot of witches .
i think that 's everything for now but if i have queries later i 'll be sure to ask .
i noticed that he has n't been cranking his choke lately .
now it 's just a sloppy sleeper hold with a body scissors .
as a long time acid freak my drug of choice was lsd .
in 1990 i was living in seattle and i was having an impossible time getting pure lsd and my gf made the brilliant suggestion that i start eating shrooms .
so i asked my oldest son if he knew of any and it turned out that he was a retailer of them .
i had read somewhere that the dose was 5 grams and the first difference i noticed was what i referred to as organic vs laboratory .
after a while i discovered terrance mckenna and he wrote of a mushroom fast where you start with 5 grams and every four days you increase it a gram .
i maxed out at about 20 to 22 grams of dried cubs as by the time i had eaten that much i was pretty well stoned and could n't eat anymore .
i did this for about a year then took a 2.5 year break and returned doing it once a week for another year .
i frequently communed with a group of creatures i referred to as the mushroom people .
her first appearance i can still see and feel the awe and fear was a massive creature stretching from horizon to horizon a giant brain with fibers coming out in the thousands .
the mushroom that we eat is her sex organ the creature stretches below the surface .
some of these beings are 40 acres in size and believed to be the largest living creatures on this planet .
i guess my point is that when eating organic plants and fungi at high doses whether it be vines of the jungle or mushrooms there is a being that makes herself known to me that comes with it .
i love psilocin but i like to trip alone .
my build is just about finished https imgur.com/a/lnwq2 i was wondering if you wonderful people here could look at it and see how to i can make it better .
i 'm trying my best to stay away from critical lw .
i 'm sick and fucking tired of emptying bullets into people and them just tanking it because of their ping .
if you have ping higher than a hundred which in itself is too high you should get kicked .
you can return but if it happens again you ca n't .
i do n't care if you live in a place with no servers everyone that does should n't have to suffer .
per la scimmia che è in voi per condividere offerte e occasioni se smaniate per l'ultimo acquisto o per necessità
lookin for a class to play that will be needed for groups at max level .
would hate to level up just to have a hard time getting into groups .
one reason i did n't consider hunter because i read somewhere there are so many so they have trouble finding groups .
i use two apple ids one for itunes app store and one for icloud .
when i open itunes apps purchased on my itunes apple id it asks for the password then crashes .
interested in glove and knife offers of any kind along with any other worthy offers .
hey guys where can i download that movie on messi i think it 's in spanish .
would love it if i can get a link to a downloadable file .
i was really expecting next expansion to be the emerald dream
second what is in each chapter that i ca n't get elsewhere ?
and third can i map repth and such to the bumpers ?
i saw on the news tonight that this friday and saturday night the police around hindley will have metal detectors and extra sniffer dogs .
i want to be informed on my rights in case something does happen with the police and aart from asking them who im inclined not to believe i do n't know where else to ask .
are they able to stop and search someone with no cause ?
are they allowed to get their dogs to sniff you for drugs with no cause ?
is it illegal in sa to carry self defense weapons aka metal cat head key rings small knives ?
if they are going to pat you down/search you do they have to take you somewhere private or do they just do it in the street ?
i got some fire blow recently for the first time in over a year .
i quit buying it because it got too expensive for me but this guy tonight got me a g for 60 .
i started doing crystal and it was the first shit i ever shot .
anyway i slammed coke for the first time a bit ago and i 'm not that impressed .
the bell ringer is cool but i always thought it 'd be more euphoric .
it also irritates the fuck out of my veins .
for those who have shot both which do you think is better ?
https imgur.com/a/z6myp my heart rate gets so high on stims .
i tried the elf 10 neutral matte eyeshadow palette and it made my undereyes feel very dry .
i currently use only the kvd shade and light eye palette and the ingredients do not irritate me .
i think a few years ago i may have tried on expired makeup baby wipes to remove my makeup and it give me an eye infection on the right eye where i was practicing .
i think i may be allergic to talc which is weird because it is ok on my skin .
i may be allergic to pigement like red lake 40 or maganese violent .
i 've tried an eyeliner with ferric ferrocyanide with no problem .
i 'm thinking of picking up the huda obsessions in warm and mauve or saint and sinner or toasted tarte or huda dessert dusk palette and i do n't want another allergic reaction .
mbc d all kinds of daughters-in-law part 1 part 2 5.9 7.4 hiatus|6.2 8.1
tvn d because this is my first life|2.292 2.725 3.266
mbc d 20th century boy and girl rerun 3.1 3.7
sbs d temperature of love part 1 part 2 6.8 7.9 6.6 8.1 6.5 7.9
tvn d because this is my first life|2.292 2.725 3.266
mbc d 20th century boy and girl part 1 part 2 3.2 3.5 3.2 3.7 2.8 3.1
mbc d all kinds of daughters-in-law part 1 part 2 7.0 9.4 hiatus|6.9 8.6
tvn d because this is my first life|3.841 3.636 3.779
mbc d 20th century boy and girl rerun 3.0 4.0
sbs d temperature of love part 1 part 2 6.5 7.6 6.8 9.0
tvn d because this is my first life|3.841 3.636 3.779
mbc d 20th century boy and girl part 1 part 2 3.7 4.3 3.0 3.0 3.3 3.5
mbn|history drama show the king and the woman|1.187 1.392 1.491
sbs d while you were sleeping|8.6 10.0 7.3 8.9 6.9 8.4
sbs|the traveler 's guide to my room part 1 part 2 2.8 2.9 new ! 3.5 3.2
mbn~~|~~history drama show the king and the woman rerun 0.624
tvn|just happened no way i 'm an adult 1.544 0.934 0.955
mbc every1|welcome first time in korea ? 3.010 2.400 2.822
tvn|just happened no way i 'm an adult 1.544 0.934 0.955
sbs d while you were sleeping|7.9 8.9 8.2 8.9 7.3 8.6
jtbc ca ssul jeon war of words 4.595 4.757 4.875
sbs|law of the jungle fiji part 1 part 2 10.0 11.7 8.7 12.1 9.4 12.7
mbc i live alone part 1 part 2 3.4 special|3.4 special|2.9 special
mbc d man who sets the table rerun 2.6 3.4 2.3
mbc d man who sets the table|10.9 hiatus|11.5 part 1
sbs d bravo my life part 1 part 2 7.5 7.9 new ! 6.2 6.6 6.9 6.9
mbc d man who sets the table|12.7 hiatus|12.9 part 2
sbs d bravo my life part 3 part 4 8.9 8.6 6.1 6.1 7.5 7.5
tv cho. m hip hop festival 2017 the cry ground~~|nr
sbs|it 's good to be a little crazy 살짝 미쳐도 좋아 2.8 new ! 1.4
sbs d while you were sleeping rerun 1.5 2.1 2.0 2.6 2.5 3.7
mbc d man who sets the table rerun 2.5 1.7
mbc~~|~~king of mask singer 4:50 pm 4.8 special 4:50 pm
mbc~~|~~king of mask singer 4:50 pm 4.8 special 4:50 pm
mbn|history drama show the king and the woman rerun 1.006 1.333
sources agb nielsen korea http www.nielsenkorea.co.kr/tv_terrestrial_day.asp ? menu=tit_1 sub_menu=1_1 area=00 naver and daum .
all ratings are nationwide ratings from nielsen unless noted otherwise .
i 'm new to the mirrorless world and photography in general .
there are 3 camera 's in my budget the sony a6000 olympus odm e-m10 mark ii and the panasonic gx85 and/or gx850 .
i want a nice all around camera and i am leaning toward the m10 but i 've been reading that it has difficulty auto-focusing moving objects therefore they come out blurry and low light pictures are poorer these are making me lean away from it even though i love the style of the camera .
sony seems to have rave 4.5 star reviews on amazon but i 'm not to sold on the look of the camera and i do not know too much about panasonics mft 's .
the lens ' available are a minor but important factor .
i have noticed that a general zoom aps-c lens is quite a bit more then a mft zoom lens .
overall the sony is the cheapest but comes with a poorer lens kit but additional lenses cost more and there are fewer selections .
m10 is more than the a6000 but lenses seem to be cheaper .
overall i want a camera with an option to film and photograph wildlife within my budget .
tell us one thing you 're worried about in the upcoming week onion and one thing you 're looking forward to orchid !
we are on royal pools but are down to start fresh .
i 've been creating a list that works off of my budget sheet .
this sheet will tell me once i have enough money to buy something .
well i got a bit ambitious after finding the import function i decided to make a game list and then track the price of the games .
this way i knew the current best price for each game .
i was thinking importxml function would work but it 's starting to get a little complicated .
if it 's the only way to parse that information then it 's the way i 'll go .
my question if you were to parse/scrape prices from amazon/gamestop/target/walmart/best buy how would you do it ?
is there an easier way to do this or is import xml my best bet ?
if it is how would you go about finding the xpath on those sites ?
i tend to get a little lost when inspecting elements ...
the hairs on the bottom of my chin and neck are dark but most of the hair on my face are blonde .
welcome to the bonfire our weekly off topic thread .
this is a place where anyone can talk about anything unrelated to dark souls and get to know your fellow undead a bit better .
be sure to check the r/darksouls/wiki page where you can find community-created tips and research threads .
you only need 10 karma from r/darksouls to contribute .
there is no iota coin to store in any wallet .
user can only access iota in the tangle using their seed .
owning iota is like owning a sub domain urls inside of 1 website domain name .
if the website is not accessible then the sub url in that website can not be accessible .
i 'm super new to r and i 've really only used basic stats commands hist boxplot lm etc. .
but i 've got this idea stuck in my head not really stats related that i want to test out .
i 've set up two data sets a and b and i want to check all elements a in a for this property
there does not exist a b in b such that a-b is a prime number .
i know how to set up a loop to check numbers in a certain range like 1:1000 for primality but i 'm not sure where to go from here .
feel free to let me know if this problem is more appropriate for another programming language .
i am very inexperienced but i 'm eager to learn .
i 'm asking if we should n't put the facts straight .
however maduro seems to be going in a pretty authoritarian direction .
maybe chavez did n't work hard enough at abolishing the bourgeoisie .
there is a channel on youtube called plato smith which has many videos hours long with tons of evidence laying out a pretty solid case that we 're dealing with more than just maps and handkerchiefs .
i am not related to that channel in any way i just came across it recently and saw it had a mountain of information for anyone who still thinks this is all just coincidence and conjecture .
early in the series other characters could keep up with goku even if just barely .
they could participate in fights against enemies of roughly similar strengths .
as dbz progressed the show really became about the saiyans .
what if super '' was n't unique to saiyans in that with enough intensive training and the proper trigger any race has an untapped potential ?
we 've already seen something similar in golden frieza .
i just want to see the humans and piccolo become really relevant again .
it would n't be an instant change but something they can build up like how flight and energy use comes natural to many races but is something humans have to learn and most are n't even aware of .
the gods that be reveal this inherent ability and certain characters decide to start working at it even if it means pushing their limits to exhaustion .
i 'm sure it could be done in a way that kept goku the kingpin too .
the ability just comes easier to saiyans because of zenkai power .
something tells me piccolo and tien would jump on it .
it was fine in d1 when it was an extra reward for doing it with in 20 minutes .
however in d2 they just fail you and no reward .
i write this post because brother 1 and i convinced brother 2 to buy the game and play with us .
the idea of brother 2 playing with us sounded fun since he just went through a divorce and does n't have a circle of friends where he lives .
brother 2 is not a gamer like at all .
with this set up we ca n't even carry him or train him .
so while some defend it i stick to my statement .
give extra rewards for completing it in a time constraint but do n't fail us .
b/o is kinda firm no rush selling this few items .
do not send me lower than 52 for ak declined 48 https gyazo.com/45cd7f4843208fb863c943c7878e634a
u/kittybunny75 is actually a discarded prototype of a new race of superhuman hyper intelligent machines designed to overtake this sub and laugh as it all goes to hell .
i 've seen it referenced on here several times as an example of racism against white people .
i have n't actually watched it so i decided to give it a try and see what it 's actually about .
i just started episode one so i have no thoughts yet but i wondered if anyone else here has watched it and wants to chat about whether it 's an example of anti-white propaganda ?
after about 7 hours of counting the results are in and the fsp have narrowly defeated the wfa !
kristerson has barely pulled ahead and by less than a point making this the closest election in swedish history .
kristerson has already began to assemble his government in agreement with their supporting parties .
i chose the best 5 players from 2007 2017 .
my theory is that although the defense has worsened since the 90 's the offensive skill of the players have vastly surpassed defensive ability .
additionally when you include factors like technology sports science new and improving physical and basketball training the players today are much more skilled than the players in the 90 's .
after beating xenoverse 2 and the talk of a new history i imagined a xenoverse not revolving around the time patrol .
frieza clan after a war within the frieza clan your family sent you out into space to escape king cold and frieza 's wrath .
human a young martial arts sought out muten roshi to help them become the greatest fighter in the universr
saiyan basically goku 's backstory only with you landing on earth instead of him
namekian a member of the warrior clan sent to find the nameless namekian on earth .
majin a piece of majin buu escaped into the world not very familiar with the majin saga
true dbz episode do n't defeat the villain in the time limit .
example vegeta crawls to his pod you 're exhausted krillin has his sword and ideally you 'd be given a choice to spare or kill which begins you on your path to ruthless or generous but if that 's too lenient save it for .
fighter episode you beat the villain within the time limit you get to make decisions because you still have the health and energy to do so .
and so on you could make allies and enemies and change the entire history of the universe .
and more importantly since you are the goku of the universe when you become a god or equivalent it makes more sense than a random time patroller handing blue goku blue vegeta golden frieza and metal cooler buffed their asses single handedly .
and old idea i used to want is when playing resident evil 2 i always noticed some doors can never be opened and no idea what was behind them especially the second floor hallway near the stars office so you playing as basically someone cleaning up and going into these hidden areas .
which is a stupid premise but i was young .
does anyone know what happened to the original mcbryde hall ?
school website says it was razed but does n't say what razed it
both of them are actually really cool with it in fact my mom helped me with makeup this morning
despite this being a very happy moment when i looked in the mirror at my face with makeup i felt terrible .
i thought my nose was too big and i had done a piss poor job .
we 've now seen him be overpowered by about half of avengers he 's interacted with .
scarlet witch made him go crazy not technically beating him but still .
cap clint pietro and vision are the only other avengers he 's been with that we 've yet to see beat him .
i 'm starting to feel like hulk maybe a little over hyped s
https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=euas_facmvq i personally have n't played it but it seems so much smoother and sacrifices way less in the way of gunplay for the sake of realism and this is from someone who has 57 hours under his belt and top scored multiple times .
i think the kommo-o and 3-4 codes sounds fair if not throw me an offer
kommo-o self bred ot andrew id 434349 ability overcoat nature modest ball love ball ivs hyper trained original ivs 31/xx/31/31/31/xx and evs sp.atk 252 spe 252 sp.def 4
i do not care about your reputation nor anything .
reputation is meaningless and it can be easily faked .
when you 're adding me on skype you 're agreeing with my terms of service .
i will link the account whenever you add me on skype .
paypal btc cs go skins skins are overpriced at 25 due to the steam market taxes
the account is n't registered at any leagues whatsoever .
you will receive proofs of purchase the original e-mail also known as the first ever created e-mail within the account .
can i have a profile link and some other questions answered ?
if you are interested on buying it just add my skype .
b/o awp dragon lore with crown on scope w 440 keys flip ruby or sapp keys or m4 howl ft adds
i 'm thinking of switching to pc however having always been on ps4 for playing a fps..
i 'm going to be using my ps4 remote at first and migrate my way to keyboard and mouse..
so my question is will i be banned on pc for using a ps4 remote ?
i used it before to play some games and i know you have to install a program to make it work on pc .
that 's my main concern i really do n't want to spend the money on an updated pc and then get banned over something stupid .
want someone to play with and destroy other people in 2v2 3v3 and 4v4 .
would love a decent partner who is over the level 20 or 30 .
all my home cities are level 100 except for the asian dynasties home cities .
check price click sale chinese hulusi hulusis drone flute in bb or c key plastic flute case http commonshopping.com/sale-chinese-hulusi-hulusis-drone-flute-in-bb-or-c-key-plastic-flute-case
last week i found out my 2 pre-orders 1 gift were for the physical copies of battlefront through gamestop ps4 and i went in and had them exchanged for the digital downloads instead .
the employee told me ea has not yet released the codes to gamestop yet and i would have to come back to pick them up .
anyone here know when these codes will be released ?
when i migrated to iphone x i had to repair my apple watch which had been done smoothly .
but now i ca n't find my activity app on the iphone x !
i did repair my watch again two times and no luck !
i also reset my watch after the two repairs but nothing changed !
today i searched for the activity app in the app store and found this message https i.imgur.com/naqhwt6.jpg
is the activity app not prepared to the iphone x ?
i 'm coming up on my two year anniversary and unfortunately it falls during finals week .
this was n't a problem last year since we were at the same university but now i go to grad school and he 's finishing up his last semester of undergrad .
there 's a distinct possibility we wo n't be together for our two year anniversary and i was wondering if you all had any ideas of how to celebrate it apart ?
i am new to this subreddit so i am sorry if this is not appropriate place to post this .
my company wants to make an ico so i was wondering if there are some good resources to learn this you could recommend .
i posted to eth dev since i heard most icos go trough eth network so i figured they are probably done using eth dapp or something like that .
i do not care about your reputation nor anything .
reputation is meaningless and it can be easily faked .
when you 're adding me on skype you 're agreeing with my terms of service .
paypal btc cs go skins skins are overpriced at 25 due to the steam market taxes
the account is n't registered at any leagues whatsoever .
you will receive proofs of purchase the original e-mail also known as the first ever created e-mail within the account .
can i have a profile link and some other questions answered ?
if you are interested on buying it just add my skype .
my name is polina i 'm from germany russian parent 's though that might explain my name and i made my abitur last year .
instead of enrolling to an university i decided to use my new-earned freedom and travel through europe !
unfortunately i did n't really have enough money for more than a weekend so i needed to improvise .
i looked online for people who were offering a lift without being to expensive and traveled through that .
i used tinder to find couches or beds hehe d to sleep on and tramped half of the time while doing every work i could just to earn a few bucks .
from babysitting to sorting stuff in a mall i made a lot of stuff during that year .
i even got an offer to work in a brothel but i said no to that one d
i traveled a total of 209 days never stayed longer than four days at one place and had sex with over 50 people from all over europe .
nearly everything was awesome except for the smartphone bills that were unpaid at home and a few lost clothes .
i met a lot of nice people got a few friends and nearly married one of them at a mcdonalds p
hey guys so i decided to try the 90 days challenge and 2 weeks are already behind .
before i was watching porn every day and masturbating maybe every other day and it definitely affected me in a bad way .
an interesting observation after 14 days it that i really became aware of how i look .
for example if my shoes are kinda dirty it never bothered me .
if i didnt wash my head for a day or two it never bothered me .
but now i feel an urge to look good to look sharp .
it 's like you gain some self respect and you dont want to look like a miserable fuck anymore .
sometimes i start to fantasize about stuff but i 'm holding up .
gym 3 times a week and yoga on days when there is no gym definitely helps .
thanks for this subreddit and do n't give up if you relapse you lose all your progress and you gain nothing .
two people i know are isfj 's one is my best friends boyfriend the other is my sisters fiance .
i found it funny that these two people i 'm close to have ended up with so 's of the same personality type to me but that 's besides the point .
when i talk to the guys it feels like i completely understand them to the point where i do n't even need to talk to them because i know what they 're feeling and how much they probably do n't want the attention on them in that moment and little things like that .
i 'm so perceptive of other people 's comfort levels but nobody can ever tell what i 'm thinking and suddenly i 've met these people where if they caught on to how similar we were they 'd know exactly what was going through my mind and that 's kind of unsettling .
on a slightly unrelated note i also know i would work terribly with someone of the same personality type to me if i were in a relationship .
i bounce off of people 's outward personalities and quirky qualities that are different to my own .
i 've only realised that since meeting people of the same type to me not sure if anyone else has had that experience ?
i played this game a lot just a few years ago and luckily backed up my entire regions folder .
when i start the game pretty much only 1 out of 5 cities that i had show up on the map .
i thought i did n't copy correctly but the game just deletes the others whenever i load the region .
i 'm absolutely sure i only used nam back then like i am now .
are there any cases for s8 like the pixel new fabric cases ?
will squonk mods leak on a plane due to air pressure ?
have had many experiences with rta 's but zero with a squonker .
i travel frequently on planes and it never came to my mind until i bought one .
jeg er en ung mand på 28 år som arbejder på et kontor et sted i jylland .
en dag spurgte en kollega mig om om jeg kunne tænke mig at tjene lidt ekstra denne måned ved at passe hendes 15årige datter mille og hendes næsten 15 årige veninde siri den kommende lørdag aften og jo det ville jeg da meget gerne da jeg alligevel ikke havde nogle planer og godt kunne bruge lidt ekstra penge så jeg kunne få købt den ipad .
jeg aftalte med kollegaen at jeg skulle komme forbi kl .
18.00 med 3 pizzaer så skulle jeg nok få pengene for dem når jeg kom frem .
da klokken nærmede sig 18 smuttede jeg forbi pizzamanden og hentede de 3 pizzaer jeg havde bestilt og kørte hen til min kollega .
jeg havde aldrig været hos dem før så var nysgerrig efter hvordan de boede .
det vidste sig at de boede oppe på en høj med udsigt ud over noget vand .
da jeg kom frem kunne jeg se der holdte en stor bmw så de måtte være rige .
min kollega åbnede døren og jeg trådte ind i en stor forgang .
kom med ind og hils på min datter og hendes veninde de sidder inde i stuen .
jeg fulgte spændt efter hende og gik og betragtede hende bag fra .
rigtig flot dame på 44 med en lækker vriggende røv i hendes stramme jeans .
grunden til at jeg skulle passe dem var fordi hun skulle have en veninde hyggetur og skulle måske i byen senere .
mille siri dette er peter han skal passe på jer i aften mens jeg er ude med mine veninder .
så nu skal i gøre som peter siger forstår i det ?
de kiggede næsten ikke engang på mig de var mere optaget af deres mobiltelefoner .
opfør jer nu ordentlig der er pizza på bordet .
jeg smutter nu mille vi ses senere men det kan være klokken bliver så mange at jeg tager med hanne hjem for ikke at komme og vække jer midt om natten .
det håber jeg også er fint med dig peter ?
det er ikke noget problem sagde jeg men det kommer altså til at koste lidt mere så .
da lise var gået spurgte jeg pigerne om de ikke ville med ud i køkkenet og have noget pizza men de ville hellere spise deres inde på milles værelse .
og det var vel også fint nok det gjorde det nemmere for mit at passe dem hvis det hele forløb uden problemer .
de gik ind på værelset og lukkede døren og jeg satte mig i sofaen og tændte for tvet mens jeg spiste .
da klokken var ved at være 23 fik jeg en sms fra lise om at det nok ville blive for sent til at komme hjem og at hun sov hos hanne .
jeg sad og gloede på en eller anden ligegyldig action film da mille og siri kom ind i stuen til mig og spurgte .
kunne ikke se dem da de stod bag ved mig .
nååe ik for noget specielt sagde de og kom om til mig .
mille kom fra venstre og siri kom fra højre og de stillede sig foran tvet så jeg ikke kunne se noget .
vi tænkte bare at du trængte til lidt selskab her ude i den store stue .
først da så jeg rigtig hvordan de så ud .
og hold da op det var et godt syn .
jeg er ellers ikke til så unge piger men de var så velskabte .
mille havde langt lyst hår sat i 2 rottehaler .
hun havde et fint og stille lag makeup på .
hendes unge krop havde udviklet et par goe store bryster uden at det var overdrevet de passede til hendes dejlige krop .
hun kun i en lille bitte top uden bh kunne jeg se og i et par små helt tæt siddende shorts lyserøde shorts .
hun var brun så hun gik vidst meget i solarie .
hendes mave var slank og fast i huden og lårene var sexede som pokker .
siri havde skulderlangt mørkt hår i en rigtig flot frisure .
hendes bryster var ikke helt så store som milles men de strittede voldsomt ud gennem den tynde stramtsiddende hvide hello kitty natkjole .
er i sindsyge hvor er i lækre det er ikke til at fatte sagde jeg til dem .
jeg vidste de havde en g-streng på inden under .
de var så perfekte så runde så faste så ja kneppeklare .
begge piger var i sig selv så oplagte et par kneppedukker at det forstår man ikke .
de vendte sig om igen og så på mig og mit 110 stive pik bule ud i bukserne .
hold kæft piger hvor ser i godt ud i er så sindsygt frække .
jeg kunne kneppe jer fra nu og hele natten hvis det stod til mig .
er i klar over hvilke tanker i har sat i mit hoved ?
jaaae sagde de uskyldigt det var lidt det vi havde håbet på sagde mille og kiggede siri i øjnene som nikkede .
læn dig tilbage i sofaen peter og knap dine bukser op .
jeg tøvede ikke et sekundt og gjorde som de nærmest sagde befalende til mig .
så sagde mille kom siri lad os sætte os ned og sutte noget ordentlig pik jeg er blevet så pisse liderlig .
jeg blev noget overrasket over at de vidste hvad de gjorde .
de 2 begge 2 deres hænder på min pik og begyndte at køre op og ned på den .
ind til de nærmest kom op og slås om hvem der først skulle have den i munden og vise hvad hun kunne .
mille sagde hun var ældst og skulle have første sutteret og hun gik straks igang .
det var vådt det var dybt det var liderligt og kunne se i hendes øjne at hun bare nød det .
siri slikkede og suttede med på siden af pikken mens hun nærmest fodrede mille med pik .
efter kort tid rev siri pikken ud af milles mund og sagde jeg vil sku også smage den .
jeg har haft den tanke siden jeg så ham da han kom .
kunne slet ikke forestille mig en 15 årig tøs bruge sin mund på den måde .
det sortnede næsten for øjnene men skulle bare se hvordan de næsten sloges om at få lov til at sutte .
da de havde suttet slupret og savlet i 10 minutter befalede de mig ned på ryggen .
mille satte sig straks oven på min kæmpe pik og lod den trænge op i hende .
fuuuck hun var så stram og så varm og våd .
hun tog den helt i bund uden tøven og begyndte straks at bevæge røven op og ned så hendes patter gyngede og rottehalerne fløj omkring .
siri satte sig over ansigtet på mig med røven mod mille og nærmest dækkede mit ansigt .
mmmm jeg lod begravet i hendes lille stramme hul og slikkede og tungekneppede hendes fisse og hendes røvhul så godt jeg kunne .
vi stønnede alle 3 højlydt og både mille og siri kom i en stor orgasme på samme tid .
ååååhhh jaaa peter din pik er så stor mmmm sagde mille og din tunge som en gud sagde siri .
mine hænder fløj rundt på røv og patter under hele turen .
de stod begge af kort efter deres orgasme og siri stillede sig på alle fire på sofaen og sagde straks .
knep mig knep mig hårdt lad mig mærke din pik .
kørte først blidt men siri ville have det vildere og bad om mere og mere og jeg skulle nok give hvad hun ville have .
mille stillede sig også på alle 4 foran siri med røven imod hende .
slik mig i røven siri deres skal være rent når peter skal kneppe mig i røven .
er du sindsyg det så godt ud 2 unge tøser der ligger og stønner den ene knepper jeg og hende slikker den anden i røven for at gøre den klar til mig .
mmm peter ta din pik ud af mig mille vil have den igen .
mille og siri byttede plads og mille bad mig straks om at gøre den klar til at skulle kneppe hende i røven .
jeg gjorde som befalet og begyndte at presse den ind der var så fantastisk stramt .
havde aldrig prøvet analsex før men det havde mille åbenbart for hun tog den nemt og pev slet ikke over størrelsen .
mmmmm så knepper du mig peter jeg er vandt til det .
jeg har prøvet det med en af mors venner for et par uger siden .
giv mig det du kan. og jeg lystrede og pumpede 23 cm op i hendes alt for lille og stramme røv mens hun slikkede siris stramme glatte fisse .
det blev hurtigt for meget og efter de var kommet for 3. gang kunne jeg mærke jeg var ved at være der .
med et hoppede de begge ned på knæerne og kiggede på mig med store liderlige øjne fulde af forventninger og med åben mund .
kom med alt du kan jeg vil slikke det af min bedste veninde .
og de ord var nok til at jeg kom i den største ladning nogen sinde lavet af mig ud over ansigtet på dem begge så de fik lange hvide spermstreger i hele ansigtet .
mille begyndte straks at slikke siri ren for mit sperm med et liderligt blik og siri gjorde det samme på mille .
ahh det var fandens godt sagde jeg og de var helt enige .
jeg sagde nå mine frække tøser smut i bad og smut i seng med jer .
jeg skal lige sunde mig så går jeg også i seng .
måske kigger jeg ind til jer hvis i har lyst .
de nikkede hurtigt og sagde du er velkommen så længe din pik er stiv og klar .
alternatively what are some good str based commander like classes .
playing kingmaker and i ca n't seem to find any non generic classes they can be from 3.5 or pathfinder .
so i 'm living abroad in vietnam for a year .
he 's got a coffee farm and a startup business we 've discussed him taking me on as a partner with a stake .
i 've found some neato youtubes about all sorts of relevant stuffs .
my initial tasks would be to sell his packaged coffee and to learn the barista trade .
if you were me and you wanted to educate yourself what would you try to learn ?
any recommended podcasts reading is tough because i do a lot of that at my day job '' and do n't always have the patience to read more ?
what sorts of questions/actions would you ask/take in the local community ?
hey experts which bpl defender is better to partner inform otamendi in defence ?
i 'm torn between vertonghen luiz bailly azpelecueta sp .
if he is then our starting 11 will be really good .
i 'm 27 have no friends never had a girlfriend and recently quit my job i hate to find something else i saved money and are financially coverd for this and next year
since my youth the things i 've done in my freetime were videogames watching tv shows or some anime and occasionally reading a book .
now that i stopped gaming the only thing that changed is that i watch more tv surf the internet or read more .
my biggest problem is that i 'm disinterested in everything .
i can remember my mom saying quote i have never seen a young guy like you this disinterested in almost everything .
my parents tried desperately to get me into hobbies without success before they gave up .
i 'm not that attractive and have nothing to compensate for it .
i 'm not intelligent have no talents or skills everything i try im miserable at or at my best day perhabs average have no good funny personality or wit .
if i can force myself outside my only reaction is ok im outside now what ?
i ask myself the question what are your passions hobbies goals ambitions ?
the other day i read that scott glenn had originally been cast as clay morrow and even managed to film some scenes before being replaced by ron perlman .
does anyone know where the original scott glenn scenes can be found ?
this will be a description of how you found out about and got to camp .
post your character sheet in your day 0 comment so your counselor can check it over .
day 1 starts as soon as everyone is checked !
i 've been wandering lately what are the worst overwatch puns my mind can conceive ?
what do you call a team of bastion torbjorn and symmetra ?
what will people sombra when she turns 70 yo ?
what do you call reinhardt when opposing team has a reaper ?
b/o awp dragon lore with crown on scope w 440 keys flip ruby or sapp keys or m4 howl ft adds
i 'm hoping to visit the alba truffle festival one of the next three weekends 11.11-12.11 18.11-19.11 or 25.11-26.11 but obviously hotels are expensive for this time and i am long-term traveling on a budget .
i do n't require a separate room or even a bed the floor is fine !
i do n't speak italian but english german and vague hand gestures work great !
if anyone can help a poor traveler out it would be greatly appreciated !
but i kinda feel like i should have spend a bit more on the cpu ...
my vega manages to do 1725 mhz 1150mv and 1160mhz on the hbm .
temps are well below 50°c except hotspot which i can keep below 70 ...
turen hjem fra arbejde har altid været det bedste tidspunkt på dagen specielt her om sommeren .
solen står også højt på himlen i dag og termometret har rundet de 30 grader .
det er ikke tit vi har så god en sommer i danmark men i år er det fantastisk .
på vej ned til din cykel kan du ikke lade være med at snuse godt ind stikke næsen i vejret og nyde hvordan solen prikker i ansigtet .
du har din løse sommerkjole på i dag og en lille bikini så du er klar til en tur til stranden .
der er frisk luft til tæerne i dine små sommersko uden hæl.. du kommer hen til cykelstativet og kommer pludselig i tvivl om du tog bussen i morges .
cyklen er der ikke du kigger i din taske .
der er cykelnøglen som ellers ville have hængt hjemme ved døren så line ku '' låne cyklen hvis du ikke selv sku bruge den .
så er den blevet stjålet igen.. det er tredje gang på 2 år.. mens du bander over verden og cykeltyve går du hen mod stoppestedet heldigvis kører 5a hele vejen til nordvest så du skal ikke skifte .
du finder dit klippekort frem puha heldigvis er der et enkelt klip tilbage .
der står 10 andre ved stoppestedet og du kommer pludselig i tanke om hvorfor du ikke tager bussen .
i står og bager i solen indtil der lyder et ppsshhhhhh '' og bussen melder sin ankomst og åbner dørene .
du kigger ned gennem bussen idet du træder ind den er proppet.. suk..
du bevæger dig ned igennem proppen af mennesker i gangen mens en mand i 40 '' erne nyder udsynet til din b-skål og den solbrune kavalergang .
du er udmærket klar over at du er en flot pige men du har altid syntes at din røv var lidt for stor .
der står mange midt i bussen formentligt af samme grund som du stiller dig der .
ved stoppestederne får man lige en smule luft når dørene åbner .
du griber fat i en strop over hovedet for ikke at falde da bussen sætter i gang .
luften er tung fugtig og kvalmende derinde den bærer præg af at have været et par gange frem og tilbage gennem midtbyen allerede .
bussen bumler af sted og chaufføren kører som sædvanligt for stærkt og bremser for hårdt ved alle kryds .
alle jer som står i midten bliver ufrivilligt klasket imod hinanden og med svedige arme og ben udvikler det sig til en masse undskyldende blikke og røde kinder .
det kan slet ikke undgås at gnubbe og gnide imod folk og du er også bevidst om at du med din røv bliver ved at strejfe manden bag dig .
han har fat i tværstangen over dit hoved som stroppen sidder på og det gør unægteligt at i står lidt tæt .
du kigger ned og ser et par lyse sommerbukser bag dig og et par åbne hugo boss lædersandaler .
du kan ikke la '' være med at beundre hans fødder det er bestemt ikke alle mænd der har så velplejede fødder..
bussen bremser igen hårdt op og din røv gnubber imod hans skridt du bliver pludselig meget bevidst om hans tilstedeværelse da du synes at fornemme en bule i hans bukser .
da bussen sætter i gang igen skyder du din røv tilfældigt '' bagud for at bekræfte..
han har sku stiv pik ... det er svært at blive fornærmet over i denne situation stakkels fyr.. samtidig bliver du faktisk en smule tændt .
bussen stopper igen der kommer flere mennesker ind og flere stiller sig lige midt i bussen én stor dame stiller sig lige foran dig så du må slippe stroppen .
en ung gut med rygsæk stiller sig lige ved siden af hende .
du bliver nærmest lukket inde i hjørnet med manden bag dig og pludselig står i meget tæt.. chaufføren giver den gas og du er lige ved at falde men bliver reddet af en hånd der griber fat om din hofte bagfra .
det gyser igennem din krop du står stille ... din fisse er våd og din vejrtrækning pludselig hurtig .
han trækker dig langsomt ind imod sig du lægger din hånd over hans for at skubbe den væk .
i stedet griber han den og trækker den om bag din ryg og placerer den på hans bule i bukserne .
den er stor den er hård men du kan fornemme varmen fra hans pik og det tænder dig .
han løfter din sommerkjole og lader en hånd glide rundt på din røv ... din hånd lyner hans bukser ned og med sin anden hånd hjælper han dig med at få pikken frem ... du kan høre ham stønne idet han mærker din bløde hånd mod hans pulserende pik .
på trods af den akavede stilling kan du alligevel gnide op og ned af hans pik og du kan mærke hvordan han bevæger hofterne frem og tilbage .
bussen stopper og i står stille mens flere folk myldrer ind .
alle står stadig tæt og ingen bør kunne se hvad i foretager jer i hjørnet .
bussen sætter i gang igen og du begynder igen at gnide på hans pik.. du fornemmer hans fingre under elastikken på dine bikinitrusser bare ingen ser det på den anden side er du ligeglad lige nu ... du er så liderlig at du har lyst til at vende dig om og kneppe ham på stedet uanset hvordan han ser ud .
han flytter din hånd fra hans pik og du fornemmer ham gå lidt i knæ og derefter hans stive pik imellem dine lår ...
han lader den glide op mellem dine ben til den støder mod din våde kusse .
din vejtrækning er gispende mens du prøver at stå stille.. han kan ikke gå nok i knæ til at kunne kneppe dig rigtigt i stedet bevæger han pikken frem og tilbage mellem dine skamlæber.. hans vejrtrækning er tung og nydende..
hans pik bliver fedtet godt ind af din fisse og han trækker den tilbage og lader den glide op mellem dine baller ... han presser sit ansigt ind i dit lange hår og stønner tungt en enkelt gang inden du mærker hans varme sæd sprøjte op af din ryg under kjolen .
check price click garland rug town square area 5-feet by 7-feet black mats rugs nursery dรฉcor baby http commonshopping.com/garland-rug-town-square-area-5-feet-by-7-feet-black-mats-rugs-nursery-decor-baby
one of my friend 's favorite games is abyss https boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/155987/abyss .
i was thinking of upgrading the pearls holders in the game .
i know the pearls and holders look nice but i thought personalizing the game would be something he would enjoy .
i 'm having trouble finding good components to get .
upgrading either the shells or the pearls would be cool .
could anyone help me find something worth the upgrade ?
ps another friend is getting champions of midgard component upgrade from top shelf https www.topshelfgamer.com/products/deluxe-token-bundle-compatible-with-champions-of-midgard .
i am using to ios 10.3 and i 've read about the last ios updates and i guess it is n't time to update my iphone 6s .
i 'm 20 white 6ft tall and 180 lbs in the central united states .
i️ve been having headaches fatigue and dizziness for the past month or so .
the most troubling symptom to me is hot flashes .
they 're pretty severe to the degree that i️ randomly break out into sweat and feel extremely uncomfortable for 2-3 minutes at a time multiple times a day .
i have already went to the doctor and they ran a blood count checked my glucose and thyroid gland and checked my urine and did n't find anything abnormal so they told me to follow up if i️ still felt bad .
before i️ did n't really recognize that i️ was having hot flashes and just said i️ was excessively sweating but it 's getting a lot worse and i️ do n't really know what to do right now .
i added a few friends that say their progress is at hanyang university while mine completely stops at wangsimni station .
is this because they completed all 714 stars and moved up ?
i killed 58 glacors and many glacytes to go with them .
i have an internship lined up for the summer but i 'd like to make some more spending money during the year .
i can find plenty of ft/internship job postings but where would i go to find jobs during the school year ?
i want something that is actually beneficial not just fast food or something and at least 20/hr .
i 'd like to test my thoughts on this subject by having intelligent muslims comment on my thinking .
but of course anyone can criticize my argument so please do .
i think the surah-like-it challenge or argument is circular .
because it goes like this if the quran was written by mortals like muhammad then it would be possible for anyone else to produce something like it .
because after all it should be possible but it is not .
and that is why you can try but you will fail .
and it lays out the challenge write surahs like it !
and it adds noone has met this challenge so far !
but we know at least one person who wrote something like it in fact even better he wrote exactly it muhammad himself !
but if the muslim apologist says no it has to be done by someone other than muhammad '' then would n't that make the whole argument circular ?
because it already assumes that allah wrote the quran by dismissing the possibility that muhammad wrote it .
and allah wrote it '' is exactly what this argument wants to prove .
so what do we do when our hot shooting cools down ?
look i know three celtics are top of the east and are the best defensive team in the league but we did n't even try on the other end .
let scrubs like brown hit 3s like he 's ray allen .
do n't get me started about how useless biyombo is .
i do n't have any tattoos yet but i 'm thinking about getting one and rocket and groot or the mystic circles from dr strange are in the running .
anyone have mcu inspired tattoos or marvel tattoos that are connected to the films ?
would love to know what inspired your choice and see pictures too .
also might sell it because i 'm not a huge fan of the lime
wi on january 1 1901 england and everything on it or in its ports suddenly disappeared while the rest of the u.k. remained intact ?
would all the rest of the u.k. that is scotland wales ireland immediately declare independence or would they form a new union ?
not sure if anyone has stumbled across his videos on youtube but it 's a solid channel about college football and the ncaa series as well .
anyone that has been a college football fan for the last decade or so will enjoy the stories of former college greats .
anyone can find the full length hd video of this longest ive found was 5mins stripping outdoors and 5 mins in the carpark is there a full length video ?
i am in the uk my spouse is in uzbekistan .
i have lots of documents bank statements and dwp letters and also need to get obtain some documents regarding accommodation .
once my spouse applies my spouse also has bank statement documents in uzbekistan so my spouse needs to translate their bank statements ?
surely bankstatements are pretty easily to understand and the cost of translation is prohibitly high .
can she just hand them to the uk embassy in tashkent who obviously speak uzbek and can just stamp them upon acceptance ?
same with our marrage document its uzbek document but the uk embassy already had to provide paper work for our marriage in uzbekistan so surely this just needs to be given to the embassy in tashkent ?
do i post all of my personal documents to my spouse in uzbekistan ?
do i post them to sheffield 's ukva office ?
please help as im really giving up patience on this and nothing is clear .
i 'm wondering if there are any episodes my mature 13-year-old brother could handle .
obviously i 'm not going to show him white christmas the national anthem or any episode like that with excessive sex/violence .
but i was thinking that nosedive and maybe playtest would be all right ?
i do n't recall anything super vulgar in either of those two episodes besides that short scene where spoiler alert s cooper wakes up in the bed with the girl he met online '' obviously implying they hooked up .
i 'd be interested to hear them either way are those episodes appropriate for a young teenager ?
or do you still think they 'd be too much ?
depending on who you ask not really an error but i find it distracting .
the beat for the what https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=of4gfizs14y has a noticeable pop in the loop .
the fact it 's a 1 bar loop makes it more noticeable .
because nobody yet knows the beliefs or motivations of the shooter today whereas on the 31st it became known very quickly that the attacker was carrying out an attack for isis specifically and that he openly bragged about doing it for isis ?
leaving the avs locker room for the last time ... better put on the tightest pants i got .
lebron sold a foul a few times few years back .
do n't compare that shit to the clown crap your guy does .
hope i answered whatever you were concerned about super safe and comfortable
and if you look at the original db goku says he does n't want to fight a few times when he 's the same age or older than gohan .
toriyama forgot that made some offhand comments in interviews and it became goku always wanted to do nothing but fight and gohan always wanted to study '' in spite of what happened in the show .
it would be pretty unprofessional to do it in an interview .
more like if you run into them at a bar or party
we now know he was so pissed about trump because he saw all his bad qualities in trump reflected back at him like a mirror .
there is a part i think pretty far along in the video where if you 're watching the right spot you can see a guy who is literally on fire run out that 's what got me i think because up until that point i had seen cartoons or movies or whatever with someone on fire '' but never a real human like that .
that being said i strongly agree with everyone who recommends watching it at least once because it 's not possible to even begin to comprehend something like that until you 've witnessed be it 1st or 2ndhand it .
i 'd be fucking thrilled with a top 4 solid as a rock defensive defensman with a couple years left on contract in return for jvr but i think that if it was that easy then it would already be done by now .
saw the same sticker on the back of tommy 's lambo .
starts with the famous jordan laughing gif never knew the context for it
the first most important thing to do always seems to be to find out what color the shooter was .
it used to be that games workshop would be super restrictive with who can make a game .
then they opened it up to almost everyone with almost no quality control and it 's made most of it become trash .
basically because energy is spent at instant speed in just about every instance the answer cards would either need to be cheap enough to play the 1st 2 turns of the game say an enchantment or versatile enough where it 's not a dead card when your opp dumps all the energy into hydra in response like abrade .
since energy as a mechanic seams pretty set in stone i do n't think we 'll see it deplete unless they errata it in the rules which they could do .
nothing on the cards themselves say energy does n't deplete .
i think loosing 1 energy per your upkeep would help keep it in check .
but the easiest way beyond answer cards is just make energy cards either cost 1 more mana or cost 1-2 more energy .
that looks like a butt stuff invite arch if i 've ever seen one !
this always seems to occur for me immediately after i land out of a drop ship in faction .
i live in jersey never heard of city workshop ...
give it a year and he 'll be in south florida .
just did a quick search skinomi25 on their official site .
the point is that he does n't have a rep for that because it 's only happened once in his career
i 'm sick of israel and the rest of the world for that matter tiptoeing around the inaccuracy of civil rights for palestinians in gaza/west bank and for palestinians with israeli citizenship .
it could be the hardware/firmware inside the iphone itself but most especially with iphone x .
have you tried playing brawl stars on the iphone x ?
how food is produced and shipped ... more times than i 'd like to explain .
i guess people just think we make food at the grocery store .
i found some old pc parts wondering if they could help .
also where is a good place to buy wireless adapters ?
currently have cook selected based on seeing other teams vs miami and who they pass to .
where it will tell you if it was compatible ?
good luck hunting without a rifle especially if you do n't want the animal to suffer .
i mean yea who could honestly think it 's gon na continue with aj ?
from my understanding the publishers have most of the power .
if a developer wants to make a game that rewards you for playing it the publisher makes the developer change it so that the rewards have to be bought in order to maximize profits .
99 of the time the publishers are to blame .
they pretty much own the developers and developers only get paid a fixed sum per hour sometimes not paid at all for overtime etc. .
the publishers benefit directly from amount of games sold and microtransactions .
fifa ultimate team earned €a over 800 000 000 in microtransactions lootboxes in one year..
until one day i heard a dripping sound from under the sink .
the bastard pipe was leaking if i 'd been using a bowl there would n't have been a problem .
so i 'm going to guess slightly dodgy plumbing being the reason for that .
of course most people are just looking out for self interest .
you are not a saint but you have actually done things where many have not .
they may be for your interest primarily but have helped millions .
you may feel regret but for someone who has done far less to give you a hard time is bs .
not op but some people get a cosmetic '' sorry the proper term escapes me feminizing srs where the doctor turns the scrotum into a vulva but there 's no deep vaginal canal .
this may be out of pacient preference to minimize risks and recovery time or due to cost if i 'm not mistaken .
u/djwalnut yes testicular implants are also an option in humans both for trans people and for cis men who may have lost their real ones or who were born with only one .
life is way shorter than you can ever imagine .
you could honestly just switch the sim cards and be all set 😂
saying that the poor 's poverty is their own fault is absolutely classism .
i 'm not talking about economics i 'm talking about individuals and who they choose to blame for their situation and the ignorance that breeds racist and bigoted ideas .
let me guess it 's a deliberate timing to announce catapult before 2x fork right ?
i had to get private health insurance in switzerland but it was reasonably priced probably slightly less than half my ni contribution but i did pay a social tax as well for unemployment benefits etc and the service was great .
they 've essentially outsourced healthcare to a heavily regulated private market .
okc still looking for their first win against a western conference team .
nothing interesting happened and ... that nothing interesting would ever happen
i mean you 're not wrong technically but you 're also not exactly correct either .
sure nothing dramatic has occurred or likely will occur but that never really was the point of the show .
i hate to sound like r/iamverysmart material to be fair you have to have a very high iq to understand glt ... lul but i feel the show is genuinely very philosophical and is n't really interesting until you stop to think about what everything represents metaphorically .
i know how that sounds and i just want to reassure you that i genuinely am not trying to insult you or anyone else who does n't like the show 's intelligence when i say that .
some people do n't need every anime to be a high school english class and that 's fine .
however there 's a lot of content to be examined in glt and personally i find it fascinating .
the latest episode i find to be a discussion on what is a luxury vs. what is a necessity and where do those two meet bookshelves for information vs entertainment pantries full of food for survival vs gluttony .
but i was watching with friends so i did n't really have time to pause and think about that one .
ultimately it 's fine that you do n't like glt and you 're not entirely wrong when you say nothing happens but at the same time i do n't think it 's ultimately fair to leave it at that when there 's a lot going on under the bare surface of cute girls traveling in a kettenkrad .
70-100 crates and most of the time no one takes it
when you 're a diamond lucio main who ca n't stop and wo n't stop so you got ta keep spraying
i feel that you 're not realizing that there is harm in these allegations even if a '' never goes to the police with the false allegation .
she is already slandering b with one of the most serious sorts of defamation .
hate to say i definitely did and i went the super ricey route and bought the cheapest one that came up near me .
thing developed rodknock almost instantly so i got focked by a guy looking to offload his almost broken crap .
im good on miatas for now maybe one day ill get a clean nb and build something but for now im just gon na focus on shit i actually like rather than a passing fad
most are random hookups so we do n't really talk about our desires and interests beforehand .
the 'hold the door ' moment was confirmed to be from grrm himself right ?
i 'm not sure how that could be incorporated .
i have pretended to be mentally retarded for 7 years .
i would n't want to get off in crewe ... and i live in crewe .
also he 's only 11 away from 6th all time in tds thrown and 1,442 yards from 6th all time in passing yards .
this is super doable if he finishes out this season and plays some of next season .
i 'm not sure if there are any australians here/people who know this show but nina proudman in offspring aussie dramedy has the best outfits .
do u have the org/inorg chemistry a comprehensive summary by pang peng cheong ?
i wonder what all their parents thing of think of them right now and how badly they got beat at a game of shinny with the mighty ducks
i had one as a pet when i was a kid .
the dumbass chugged a bottle of antifreeze and killed himself .
then you say ‘death to america' 'trump is ignoring the people of puerto rico ' one time and they stop selling you replacement parts sending you basic humanity .
i do n't have particular rules at this point .
a really bad roll is at double disadvantage or 4d6 keep the worst two dice .
that would instread use the weaknesses system which i 've just been refining .
when creating a character or as a reaction to events of an adventure the player can add weaknesses to the character sheet .
weaknesses are any feature physical mental or social that is liable to get the pc into trouble .
these can be traits we like in the people around us like tenderhearted or traits we tend to dislike greedy .
they can relate to your powers such as an ice-mage requiring moisture in the air to manifest ice or to your race myrshan hate getting wet .
o9-1 occasionally need to recharge its batteries or disabilities like blindness .
basically they are a roleplaying feature until they matter .
if there is any doubt if a weakness would cause a problem or not in each situation the player decides if the weakness is a hinderence or not .
the player would decide if his blind pc is hindered in a fistfight or he had learned to rely on other senses— assuming the setting was pulpy enough .
however there 's no doubt that a blind person could not read a billboard .
besides the roleplaying benefits if a weakness get causes the pc significant trouble the gm award the pc karma a metacurrency that improves their future luck .
weaknesses are a great way to help make the character seem like a real living flawed person .
there is no minimum or maximum number of weaknesses .
do n't make a list of weaknesses too long to keep track of .
a weakness that comes to play in a crisis can be a great dramatic moment .
but a pc should not be so beset with weaknesses that the other pcs would never bring them along on critical missions .
used as an excuse to write down a section that recently solidified in my mind
we know you have n't played in a game for us and you only played a little bit in new england but we 're so impressed with you that we 're offering you a contract to keep you here .
you 'll be the highest paid player in the nfl . ''
half of his shots are fadeaways with a hand in his face too it 's insane .
but yeah ... it 's borderlands with slightly better gunplay weaker writing terrible pacing awful plot far less interesting weapons and powers and a repetitive slog of story missions '' behind which all the fun is locked .
searching the entire fucking internet for the stupidest argument to counter
but that straw man is sooo easy to beat up !
so many people do not realize that is how health insurance came to exist as a tax dodge .
do you think this is likely to ever happen the way you want it ?
people have been trying—violently—to get unity on culture and morals for thousands of years .
do we just pull more ineffective gun laws from a hat and further reduce the ability of law abiding citizens to defend themselves ?
could we target the laws in such a way that they minimize the burden on people that want to own and use weapons that are effective at defense but maximize the burden when it comes to weapons that are more effective at offense ?
for instance i would never buy an ar-15 or even a handgun to repel a home invasion .
i have little confidence that i would ever be able to effectively aim and fire in the dark at 2am seconds after being woken up .
a high-power or night vision scope is pretty worthless here as is a flash suppressor and laser sight .
i 'll take a shotgun any day because i need to be able to quickly stop an intruder without requiring accuracy on my part .
if it 's not a bird of paradise like they are saying then it could be a travelers palm which looks slot like a banana just flat growing .
now if the leafs are crisp and the soil dry then it needs water .
do n't water to often maybe once or twice a week .
if the leafs are saggy and the soil even moist then hold back on watering .
if it does n't get atleast a few hours of direct sunlight or sun directly on its leaves then try and give it that .
i have to admit he seems useful on competitive lvl but i still say in solo q he is weak ...
this will be the best answer you 're going to get op
not an archival method and not reversible without some serious and expensive help from a qualified paper conservator .
they do make supposedly acid free spray mounts now but they are relatively new on the market and there 's no way to know if it will turn yellow or do some other funky shit in 10 years until it happens .
archival matting would never cover an artwork in a wet solvent-based adhesive and should always be as easily reversible as possible .
conditional compilation should be possible with modules supplying macro definitions to each translation unit so even that would not be a reason to propagate the macro definitions into modules .
i think a good reason not to propagate the definitions is
consistency a compiled module works exactly same reagardless of the importing context
feasibility process module once keep the cached binary as long as the environment stays intact dependency upgrades or compiler change
most people do n't realize that it will be a problem especially if they have always used low foaming yeast .
i have seen enough horror stories on here that i use a blowoff tube for the entirety of primary anyway .
i guess we did n't know we could pay the russians to fix this for us like the republicans did ...
i think there 's value in being able to play my xbox games on pc when i 'm away from the console and i 've asked for it for years .
being able to pick up where i left off in re7 gears 4 halo wars 2 or games like cuphead or ruiner from anywhere is awesome and makes me want to support xbox more not less .
my first outfit was about 58 noticed skirt and top combos were doing better overall than dresses at that point so switched my dress to skirt and top only bit i changed and am now in 1 .
it 's so variable every time in the contest but its a case of just finding that one outfit that works better .
also i 've gone and sheeped '' the contest when i know i 'm not gon na break 50 and just matched what the tops were so i generally always finish in the top 30 because of it
bihar was won purely by the political skill of lalu and nitish .
they took one statement of mohan bhagawat and made the election all about forward vs backward '' .they took the negative campaigning of modi and turned it to bihari vs bahari '' .
they ensured that their cadres were in perfect sync and that their alliance was smooth and frictionless .
they made issues in the election the rising dal prices .
the latest figures i have of gujarat from someone who was bang on in up is 142+.it 's a no fight election.in hp thisi s the situation
if you said you love someone its still vague just putting that out there
there 's only one possible solution buy a new phone and never unlock this one again .
i seem to have left out a 'that ' and an 'it ' .
with that being said i love using them against jets and hunters .
you can try to look for an older lg mode .
otherwise i think it 's almost impossible to fit an 55 '' oled in that price range .
but they are there and there 's nothing we can do .
we do n't really call it gaelic that 's more what the scots speak .
yes we learn it but the vast majority of people can not speak it fluently it 's a school subject that most people do n't enjoy .
there are some regions gaeltacht where it is still spoken they generally get government money to retain the tradition .
i tasted my first guinness at a very young age but first time actually drinking it properly varies .
some kids start drinking at 12 others do n't .
i have the same make up case in yellow !
teams change over the course of the year not just between seasons .
the tapioca is what is left behind after using a process of extracting the liquid and pulling out the starch that is left behind .
swansea and palace are maybe the only clubs that have been worse than us this season .
and even then i 'm hesitant to say palace because they 've put in some good performances .
if we do stay up with moyes then he 's gon na have to improve us .
it 's a hobby altogether to look into but you can own a pair of jeans that last many years of constant wear .
i do n't like the fact someone had to hold it with their hands and they 've touched it but like a lot
at this point with the way things are it looks like propaganda .
cuz that 's just not what the world actually looks like .
in lol your mmr is hidden and does n't directly affect your rank .
instead you have an lp which is a score independent of your mmr which is your progress to the next rank .
the only thing your mmr affects is your lp gains .
i will be abusing divine soul to no end in al in an attempt to force wotc 's hand .
haha i did n't even log in to anything on this phone '' but could it just be a partially damaged gps chip/antennae ?
they could go up stairs ! ! ! ! !
this is the best tl dr i could make original https www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/nov/06/trump-defends-strong-rhetoric-in-calling-north-korea-a-threat-to-civilised-world reduced by 92 .
donald trump has said large japanese orders for us-made military equipment will help it counter the threat from north korean ballistic missiles as he called the regime a quot threat to the civilised world quot on the second day of his tour of asia .
trump said the us would consider all options including military force to counter north korea 039 s nuclear and ballistic missile programmes and defended his occasionally provocative choice of words to describe its leader kim jong-un .
north korea responded with another personal attack on trump whom kim in september labelled a quot rogue quot and a quot dotard quot .
extended summary http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/7b53ap/usjapan_arms_deals_will_help_counter_north_korea faq http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.65 241328 tl drs so far . ''
feedback http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords north 1 trump 2 missile 3 korea 4 defence 5
it seems that long term repeated exposure to psilocybin and other psychedelics carries the risk of affecting the heart in negative ways .
it 's pretty new stuff to me but i 'm beginning to hear people talk about it .
i think it 's especially pertinent to microdosing and less worrisome for the periodic trip .
it 's a perfectly valid position to hold and it is n't like you designed it to ride the emotional response to this shooting .
i 'm not sure i have n't played my career since i realised my signing was n't coming
it sounds to me like they do project management which is pretty broad .
that 's about all i got out of that .
i feel like such a loser because i had worked so hard for so many years to get myself into a good position and i do n't know anyone whose family managed to spectacularly rip it apart this way .
forgive me for asking but was the outing recent ?
i am so sorry about everything that happened to you .
i hope that you have some sort of support system that you can rely on outside of your family .
if you have access to public transportation or a car pool try not driving when salt levels are high .
if it is an option avoid high speed roadways when salt levels are high .
run your car through a car wash with undercarriage rinse at least weekly .
if you go through once per week three months of the year that 's 13 car washes per year at maybe 10 per time 130 per year 650 over the life of a five year car loan .
so if washing your car makes it last even one month longer you break even .
side note automatic car washes in the southern us cost about half what they do in the north where the demand is higher .
we need a new way of being able to obtain monero in a p2p way .
exchanges are actually detrimental to crypto in many ways because they arent decentralised
psa 9mm billet complete glock© style magazine pistol moe lower blk 7790590 http palmettostatearmory.com/psa-9mm-billet-complete-glockc-style-magazine-pistol-moe-lower-blk.html for 199 but currently out of stock
davidson defense assembled 9mm 7.5 '' upper with keymod handguard 149.99 https www.deltateamtactical.com/davidson-defense-assembled-9mm-45-nitride-110-barrel-w-4-inch-free-float-smooth-tube-handguard_p_5787.html not the exact one i bought but close and at the time cheaper than psa .
i 'm very happy with my builds i 've also got an ar9 carbine using psa parts .
psa pa-x9 using glock style magazines https i.imgur.com/rvwqdff.jpg red dot has been removed and i 'm using it with iron sights .
shop around wait for sales and things to come back in stock and you can easily build a good quality ar9 for less than 750 that will run just fine .
they always compensate for something they do n't have kaya bullying ang easy outlet .
i was born in the car she asks if she can give me a blow to the head .
players get paid enough to shoulder abuse from fans but i 'll never dislike a footballer from deciding to retaliate against a mouthy individual .
imagine someone calling your mum a whore for for no apparent reason ?
now imagine that keeps happening then imagine you had a bad week and you 're just trying to do your job and someone decides to fuck with you that day ?
i do n't know what was said but football fans ca n't be exempt from accountability from the reckless actions against players because they are human beings like everyone else .
when i first told my partner about my aspergers i explained that i did n't tell anyone because i did n't want them to treat me different so i thought that kind of went without saying .
i just feel uncomfortable about the whole thing now .
joe come join our strong starting five as we make a push to make some noise in the playoffs and legitimately contend .
the length of the contract is negotiable if you 're looking for a shorter deal .
off-topic discussion all top-level comments must be a story or poem .
please remember to be civil https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/wiki/rules wiki_rule_10.3a_be_civil in any feedback .
go and suck off prince andrew you bootlicking cunt .
people like you are what 's wrong with this world .
oh but remember when he was up on his high horse slagging this sub for being sad and angry and abusive and pathetic ?
but that means there 's a large element of luck in those big plays .
just because everyone can break them does n't mean everyone has broken them equal amounts of times in 8 games or that we can expect that ratio of big plays to continue into the next 8 games .
bell could be just as likely to break a 50 yard touchdown as hunt yet it 's still perfectly reasonable for it to have happened three times to one of them and none to the other .
something that happens once in every three games or so can pretty easily go 8 games without happening more than once or twice if at all .
bell has had none and zeke has had one if i remember correctly .
because of his limited touches you basically need those big plays for hunt to be what you hoped .
zeke bell and gurley get workloads where they can go for 25 without a single huge play .
hard to draw the line between pro players and amateurs .
is that a pun on belgian cyclist tom boonen in the username by the way u/trom_bone ?
and pray for texas it 's tragic on what happened .
2 out of the 5 worst mass shootings in american history have happened in the last 6 weeks you know there 's a problem .
this is what caused inflation in fifa 15 i was playing 7 million for ronaldo before price caps
i wonder why a person would prefer living in germany over thailand ?
speaking purely hypothetically of course and not about any one individual
in the uk entirely because of eu policies beef costs 35 more turkey 22 lamb 11 wheat 15 chicken 22 and potatoes 10 each one of those costs hitting every single family in britain .
or if you want a specific example how about chicken ?
you can buy perfectly safe to eat chicken on world markets much cheaper .
but the protectionist eu common external tariff makes our food more expensive to protect inefficient eu producers .
and that 's before the hidden cost of the cap which costs all of us .
in a lot of ways cancer ward https www.goodreads.com/book/show/674730.cancer_ward is like a semi-autobiographical 1984 .
it 's all about the suffocating pressure placed on individuals already burdened with the inherent tragedy of life by a pathologically totalitarian social narrative in this case the collective lies of the soviet union .
it 's also one of the most penetratingly lucid meditations on the raw complexity of the human experience that i 've read .
ultimate sounds or weapon attacks get stuck after round ends terminus skills and attack break sometimes random disconnects even when my connection is fine otherwise pip potion is still bugged sometimes gets activated immediately after throw evie blink is still bugged sometimes showing up as killer even thought i did n't deliver the last hit no not against terminus of course the gourd bug maeve jump in spawn bug using skill after dismount bug particularly funny with talus ult card cooldown bug skin bugs nando lights or shield etc top play bug showing wrong player e.g .
showing lex on the top play screen and then playing a clip from cassie friends interface overlapping champion screen and some other rare stuff .
like frontal attacks going through zhin 's counter fernando somehow ending up high in the sky or that one time where i played grohk with cc totem and the enemy pip ulted my team on top of our totem and it worked .
saddest part is some of these have been around forever and still have n't been fixed .
had a 20 come into work the other day that appeared to have blood on it .
grabbed a virucide wipe and cleaned it right off .
could n't have done that with an old bill .
also i find once they start to tear they go pretty quick .
as for coming to australia ... i have seen pictures of your spiders snakes and other various creatures .
no amount of kangaroo chest hair can entice me to travel that far .
i am more inclined to stay home and eat pancakes with quebec maple syrup .
well i 'm not eating purina products ever again that 's for sure .
this is great advice and both really helped me when i was in a similar situation on my first job as a developer .
i was born in a terrible state so noah 's fixing it in the morning .
the soundtrack is one of the best compilation albums of house trance and big beat music from the late 90s .
it has practically every big tune from the era on it and captures the ibiza/uk clubbing vibe perfectly .
she was booked into the tuscaloosa county jail with a 6,000.00 bond .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
please see the subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/dogs/wiki/index wiki_tags_and_descriptions for more information .
potential title tags include breeds help vent rip fluff discussion link meta survey and update .
please resubmit your post with one of the title tags beginning the submission title .
you must physically type the tag into the title and the tag must use square brackets .
example discussion what foods are toxic to dogs ? ''
it 's possible you may experience a delay of up to 1 hour upon trying to repost with the corrected title .
this is a reddit-imposed waiting period and there is nothing the r/dogs moderators can do to reduce the waiting period .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dogs if you have any questions or concerns .
dress it up in a fancy suit and top hat .
take it down to the town centre and stand it on a box in front of a bucket people will just think it 's one of those statue mime guys .
downside is you have to swing by every morning and brush off the pigeon shit upside is while your there you grab the pennies tourists have thrown in the bucket and go buy yourself a sandwich .
i was born in the morning and i will be there at a time and then i will be able to make it to the meeting tonight but i will be there at a time and then i will be able to make it to the meeting tonight but i will be there at a time and see if i can get a ride to the airport on the lock box code for the snow to get a ride to the airport on sunday and i will be there at a time and then i will be there at a large amount of money i have to go to the airport to pick up the kids from school and i have a few questions about the top of the list of the things i do for you and your family a very happy and prosperous new year to you and your family a very merry christmas and a happy new baby and i love you too baby girl .
i wonder how it detects wifi networks while wifi is off .
well 7 days is definitely excessive for budapest alone .
3 packed or 4 more leisurely days will cover you pretty much ever must-see attraction and a few more offbeat ones as well .
but if you 're into slow-travel and experiencing the city as locals going to parties events shopping etc .
but if your time is precious in the remaining 3-4 days you can consider either visiting vienna with bratislava as a daytrip from there or stay in hungary and hit up nearby attractions .
szentendre makes for a nice day with their artist galleries cobblestoned center cute restaurants and open-air ethnography museum .
visegrád and esztergom for another one and eger for a third .
this way you do n't have to move you can sleep in budapest throughout the week .
i 'll buy it if i like it even if i beat it .
but man i just do n't have money to spare to take chances on every game i think looks neat .
i 'm so happy that you 're alive too and not just surviving but finally being able to regain some control over your life .
wishing you the very best and all the hugs and love .
i 've been googling like a ninja think i 'm losing my mind feel like i 've read 100 times how you need a private and public key to spend coins .
the only answer i 've found is basically ‘maths ' is why .
what 's your list if you do n't mind me asking ?
i 'm looking to get back in and jund looks fun .
gorgeous but we got ta have a recipe here my dude .
i was born in the game to be a while to get the latest flash player is required for video playback is unavailable right now because this video is not available for remote playback .
i have never once said anything about any part of this .
except being born in the game that shit is awesome .
i understand what he 's saying but in that case we should n't talk about anything else at all .
whenever a johnny section would come up i would find myself flipping forward through pages to see how long i would have to read to get back to the navidson record .
did n't care for his stuff at all though i did really enjoy the bits about pelafina .
imagine she was doing anything other than smoking then see how reasonable you are then .
i remember looking at big license applications when they listed them and do n't recall any tie in except aphria .
i buy it for my kids because of the hormone thing .
if you do n't consider a hard elbow to the face excessive contact
pro tip do n't pretend to be a professional developer on reddit .
basement full of orchids african violets and succulents all under t8 fluorescent shoplights .
so basically you need a second hobby because the first hobby outdoor gardening leaves a gap for obsession .
windowsill gardening is n't quite the same especially since dark winter days slow things down .
yeah i bought his lazy ass a 70 fleshlight and he did n't fucking clean it so it 's garbage .
counts as long as you do n't just read headlines and comment sections .
competetive is like every ranked some sort of great but also bad .
a dishonorable discharge is the equivalent of a civilian felony .
the watch part seems to be mostly cracks that they slip through .
at least you 've got that disembodied kneecap and toes to keep you company .
i was pretty skinny until 9th grade and then i was about 200 lbs .
230 when i graduated and have been about 240-250 lbs .
take 1-2mg etiz every 4 hours a day and .5mg clonazepam twice a day
i think its standard in terms of producing a good product and not being so unclean that you infect yourself or become noticeable .
you can always offer to wear them for longer but i 'd set a limit for your own wellbeing .
that is better i was hoping for some mainstream article though if you can get this stuff posted on a left wing site people ca n't just screech right wing propaganda '' loudly in your face or claim it 's all a conspiracy theory .
edit you have to remember we 're dealing with the type of people who think that a story is n't legitimate unless it 's on the guardian or huffington post this is why i always try to link left wing news sources .
sprained my ankle once when i was stepping down .
10:30 pm et happens when this comment is 16 hours and 30 minutes old .
i 'm a bot if you want to send feedback please comment below or send a pm .
just like in 2k17 you 'll have to wait until it 's possibly brought up by the league during the rule changes in the offseason .
i do n't know any women who have mentioned turning their underwear inside out
honestly that would do me exactly zero good not that i do that or ever have if i have n't got clean underpants i just go commando .
basically this guy wanted an excuse to hate on women so he did a google search probably with terms like why women are disgusting '' or women are gross '' or indeed nasty shit women do '' and then used that as ammunition for his hate .
you seem to be the only one confused that justice is not equal to resurrection .
if found guilty of his crimes and capitol punishment is both fitting of the crimes genocide and treason are both hefty ones for most courts as well as the law of the land hang em high .
i 'm sleeping very soon so just let me know later what you 'd like to offer
3 years development and they could n't crank out 16 maps ?
even with war that is still only 12 and they 've been give 3x the amount of time .
yeah i am honestly stupid for having excused him in the first place .
i had a rough idea of what i wanted but it honestly just happened to be an okay makeup day lol !
he 's still in there but let 's pretend he is n't '' i guess .
if you want to break all connections remove the series completely .
if it shuts up smug dickheads belittling disadvantaged groups then fuck it sure .
it 's not like white supremacy has n't deliberately destroyed multiple black communities .
sure killed the mood that time but he would be a dumbass not to try again .
wait till you see how many pubg chinese players use windows 7 on steam it 's now more used than windows 10 cause of this
ot yet ... dont know who to use it on .
thats crazy i just checked none of them mentioning anything .
only the new york times that focuses on the commerce secretaries ties to russia and russia investing in facebook and twitter part of the paradise papers or at least these two are on the front page .
i think all european newspapers are talking about paradise papers right now at least all the major ones in austria germany switzerland .
hey it might not be the fastest but you ca n't deny it 's pretty far out
hmm upon further research it may be up for discussion .
i simply remember growing up how the were always ranked 1 but now i know it 's more subjective and it 's not so cut and dry .
let 's say top five then it 's always in the running .
i think the edges on the rock could stand to be a little bit brighter but that 's me being picky .
if cobra got pissed after the game and just temp banned hash i 'd be 100 on the rioter 's side .
cobra 's got the patience of a saint to not tell hash to stfu during all his complaining and moaning .
hash will occasionally make good points about riot 's balancing but his complaining that game just makes him look like a joke and discredits anything useful he might have to say .
the silent blacks i got are 5 pin switches so it can be pcb mounted .
in terms of smoothness and weight a pre-retooled cherry black is scratchier and heavier the amount of wobble should be quite similar .
i have tried retooled reds but they still feel scratchy to me so gaterons are superior imo .
there was obviously something we were missing because we were n't even reaching him before there was roughly 5 minutes on the clock
the worst is they choose this monkey to represent them .
graphene does not specify an order for transactions in the blocks and instead assumes that transactions are sorted by id .
bitcoin requires transactions depending on another transaction in the same block to appear later but a canonical ordering is easy to specify .
if a miner would like to order transactions with some proprietary method that ordering would be sent alongside the iblt .
for a block of n items in the worst case the list will be n lg n bits long .
even with this extra data our approach is much more efficient than compact blocks .
in terms of the example above if graphene was to impose an ordering the additional cost for n 2000 transactions would be n lg n bits 2000×lg 2000 bits 2.74 kb .
this increases the cost of graphene to 5.34kb still almost half of compact blocks
i even joked about us getting an int on alex smith earlier in the game .
the fact that heath was getting so much shit for not getting the tackle on hill only to come out like that in the 4th quarter makes it all the more surprising .
it would be really awkward if one of the guys got a boner there
you should n't be able to lie it should be detected .
what 's the point of a check if you can bs your way through
and just the abrupt screech that happens right at the end of it when he 's shooting at you .
i mean sure the cleric beasts screaming is spooky but that ai n't nothing imo in comparison to the good old pile of corpses mumbling just a little too quietly to hear .
out of curiosity what made you think the numerous posts were lying ?
remove all traces of the perps from facebook twitter etc .
americans are not allowed to know which indifferent and hostile people are sabatoging their culture ''
is the atheist group related to leftism or something or just atheist ? ''
there are an amazing group of atheists on t_d .
im a christian and i 'd take a bullet for any one of you pedes .
that being said the combo of groups this individual follows coupled with where the crime was committed paints the picture of a have crime directed at people of the christian faith by a leftist/communist . ''
there 's always a convenient mass shooter when the left needs to divert .
i told people close to me to stay close to home this weekend .
someone needs to watch to see if there are any bodies removed . ''
bruh how do you have 49,000 karma in one month ?
does your arm get most sore from carrying your boy around or jacking yourself off ?
you look to be a new user to this subreddit .
in r/sweepstakes we require a minimum of 5 link karma in order to post links if you believe your post is an exception please send the mods a message through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsweepstakes .
we have created a tool that will help you check if your post is allowed to be submitted and when you can submit your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sweepstakes if you have any questions or concerns .
all of my clients get ssl included for free as it should be .
this one was back in 2000 i remember and the artwork was so different before and after that i could n't help but feel each one was done by a different distributor .
yeah teams really do n't like sticking together in league and it sucks major ass i have n't liked a team since supa hot crew or origen 2015 because i just know they 're gon na get scrambled at the end due to na
i have no idea how you can say his italy tenure was poor
just meant when i do sort by sig it 'd be nice if it went high to low rather than low to high on first click .
generally the harder you fight it the faster you sink .
if only we could 've had both thigh gap and side boob in one ascension
we currently allow 3 trade/store posts per day and this is your 4th trade/store post .
i never liked how inquisition handled it 's ui either .
the inventory management was a pain to deal with .
i did however really enjoy jumping from locale to locale and completing the busywork as i always listen to podcasts while gaming .
also i really liked how i felt like the character was mine '' and the many different interactions you had with your party that culminated into an arc of sorts which you can influence and their character cards reflect that !
i 'm looking more and more forward to it !
do they also believe exercising depletes your finite source of energy ?
i loved that in most of the scenes steve is trying to do the right thing but ends up failing or not being needed in the first place .
the demodogs would have eaten them if they did n't get called back .
billy kicked his ass only got taken down by max .
he got forced into the fire plan and they only escaped because of dustin 's bond with dart .
though i must admit he is rocking that hair now
i just appreciate so much that they show he 's obviously a better person now but they do n't really let him off scot-free since he is technically losing in all these situations
i have 2000 hours in 3 and 1000 hours in 2 and i 'm only recently starting to use straight swords .
even if he 's a guy and even with the lower rates of transmission to a male penetrating partner with knowledge like that he 's probably still picked up something .
in all seriousness the point seemed to be to show rick that if things had gone differently that could have been him .
while many of the saviors are huge douches some of them have reasons for being a part of them .
building more sympathy in rick to explain his future behavior with negan .
sue him when you move out he will keep doing shit like this if there are n't consequences for his actions .
the messages from him hopefully you have them in email/text/etc saying it 's ok your money is safe with me '' will work against him as it clearly shows he is intentionally not protecting it not that he has just forgotten .
if you feel you do n't need to work late or come back on weekends then you should ask yourself if you 're doing enough work '' followed by a statement basically threatening us that he will let us go if he thinks we 're not hardworking enough .
you get banned for talking too much the banning system is pretty harsh so you 're best off muting everybody
i do n't even know if i 've ever seen a full episode .
it did in the past lost an old tru regigigas thanks to a platinum reset and could have again .
i found a bunch of good stuff on an old copy of emerald tonight .
lol there 's too much struggle in that relationship for me to even consider .
seriously you can have a much easier time with other dudes .
yes the reckoners are not in the realm of sanderson 's cosmere
20f i 'm constantly trying to figure out what 's wrong with me yet 100 lack self awareness .
i do n't know what to do and that 's a rhetorical statement .
so i did n't know if i had just lost connection or if the pi was now rebooting after successfully installing the home assistant software .
the install seems to be working fine so i guess it was just rebooting .
i was under the impression that the big networks were invested in hulu .
i like how all the teams have their names dolphins are just miami '' .
only one human lives on the far satellite escon .
she 's soon the last in the solar system .
berlin 's the fastest gunslinger in the solar system and nobody knows it until it 's too late .
time can be reset back to before the chaos but it requires enough memories of the place itself in order to do so .
need no but i figured it would be okay to have just incase
literally calling her a son of a bitch '' for crying .
almost 70 of the league is a playoff contender .
i somehow clinched an 800 on that test getting like 5 or 6 straight up wrong ... gods in my favor lol .
i went rea to princeton but only cuz of legacy ... will 99 get rejected—freshman and sophomore grades are n't good enough ... will probs end up at vandy/tufts/northwestern .
when i applied for my ccw i needed my af 522 passport photo fingerprint card and 117
question about rift my experience is minimal is there alot of min maxing ?
one of my goal is to have players want to have multiple characters .
as far as wildstar what i am getting at is you have an las .
you have to pick certain abilities that are relevant .
i raided for a quiet sometime and having to pick multiple interrupts over movement abilities over buffs over damage was enjoyable to me .
of course just because i like it does n't mean everyone else has to .
'sheep shaggers ' is often the very first thing that comes to mind at any mention of the welsh
yeah do n't google child dog fatalities or something similar .
most of the news stories i 've read have either been the household pet or more commonly an extended family 's pet ie .
grandpa or aunt or someone else is watching the child .
they leave the child alone with a dog and either the child does n't know how to interact properly with dogs the dog has n't been socialized with children or both .
sometimes it 's an accident in which the dog really is playing and does n't realize a child is fragile and sometimes it is aggressive .
a dog who really wants to kill a small child can do it easily .
even one who just intended to give a warning snap can seriously harm the child or worse .
this is one of the most endearing things my dad does .
it used to annoy me but honestly i love it .
i think a lot of us knew someone like her growing up .
they got away with everything because the parents thought they were just so sweet .
meanwhile the kids hated them because we saw what they were really like awful bratty bossy mean who sucked up to the adults who told her how wonderful she was .
we are new rag server part of a cluster of 7 servers now we have scorched earth the island and ragnarok maps available now .
get in while the good spots are still available .
our rates are n't crazy but they are fair we do weekend events no offline raiding and have big plans for our server .
but this is just what we are starting with we will adjust to what the player base wants just nothing like 50x or 100x we like some what of a grind .
two awesome days of hard actual have tuned me up nicely .
i ca n't stress enough how important it is to try to get out of the hood in to actual conditions .
it helped things fit into context so much more easily .
every one is so damn lined up you 're lucky if you can get to the order window at the drive thru or counter inside in less than ten .
i can get similar or better product elsewhere for the same price .
hell a quick run into safeway right at lunch time will get me some overpriced starbucks and a soup and a sandwich and still only hit about 10-12 and i can usually be in and out in under 5 minutes .
maybe the owner re engineered the frame to still be sturdy ...
something that chips away at the american gun culture and gun ownership rates until guns no longer outnumber people in the united states ?
something that eventually builds the momentum towards the gun laws of canada australia or continental europe ?
according to innerfidelity 's measurements for the u900 older model they have three impedance spikes .
two in the midrange and then one in the treble .
not sure if its the exact same for the newer model but they should be similar enough .
the bass is much more pronounced the mids are a bit recessed and the treble is slightly more recessed too but less recessed than the hd598s when using my phone .
when using the o2 odac the bass is still very good but this time it is much more balanced '' .
the mids more prominent and vocals sound more clear '' .
the treble sounds very good it does n't sound recessed to me but i 'm used to headphones with recessed treble so my ears may be wrong .
compared to the hd598s the treble actually sounds like it 's there vs. ca n't hear it but i can feel that it 's there .
they are pretty easy to run but i think they do benefit from a good dac/amp .
the build quality is definitely the worse part of the iem .
the plastic looks cheap for a 200 iem 400 msrp ! .
the cables are pretty good i 've heard many good reviews about them .
some people have problems with the cable unwinding '' but so far it has been pretty good for me .
it comes with two so if one breaks you can use the other one .
the cable does feel cheaper than the ca litz cables but those cost x6 times as much !
the place where the two separate sides become one cable is pretty sketchy it 's held together with some melted plastic tubing ? ! ? .
however i still think they 're pretty good compared other cables .
i did n't get a chance to try any shure iems so i ca n't say how they compare .
i think the ue900s are a logical upgrade from the se215s .
they have better bass in every way other than sheer quantity .
it 's much better controlled and is very fast '' .
the mids and highs are much improved because they are not as recessed as much .
the se215 and ue900s both have a similar sound signature compared to ca orion etymotic er-4 series etc which are very different .
im glad everyone makes this joke when they grab dva mechs as road lmao
he considers michigan state a big time job and has shown he can win championships there .
he 's a living legend and will have a statue by the time he 's done why would he leave ?
no book that does n't have anything to do with medicine should dictate a surgery .
college rape rates are much higher than average or at least they were the last time i checked .
i 'm kind of conflating men talking shit about women and daring each other to do horrible things to women and bragging about doing horrible things to women with men treating each other like shit for kicks and giggles in general because to me those seem to be all part and parcel of toxic masculinity but i guess realistically that is not necessarily a fair conflation to make .
he did n't think about the healing factor that he would need to keep himself from getting metal poisoning from having such a skeleton.. ?
like some sort of conspiracy in locally administered pds to keep them all racist ?
i do n't really think there 's some grand intentional backing behind it .
i think it 's systematic and happens over time independently in the many widely varying police departments across the nation for various reasons .
so it could be at literally any point after that .
edit even if they were n't in actual missions or anything she still had answered it .
that 's all fine and dandy but does n't answer how it is unbalanced to allow 2 farseers to cast the same ability on 2 different targets .
i can run 2 sm captains and they both have the same aura on opposite sides of the field .
i can run 2 tech marines and they can both repair 2 different vehicles .
i can run 2 autarchs and they both have path of command aura .
so the 'fair and balanced ' goes out the window when i pay identical points for identical characters with identical powers but only 1 or the other gets to use each power .
agreed i think they should just let us like toggle between different rounds from the very beginning and get rid of the updating opponents thing .
the only reason i ever do not finish the games is because my schedule does not allow me to.. kind of irritating .
i think the bike looks incredible and i really was n't much of a fan of the panigale .
i 'll answer anything even tho i 'm trying to do the sleep
hot boy came out in 2014 definitely not before any of them were known outside of atlanta .
and no i do n't support a 300 million man insurance pool because i do n't think it 's fair for some to have to pay unwillingly for others
what do you think an insurance pool already is dude ?
it already is a collective pool of money to help people pay for things they ca n't afford alone .
do you suddenly not support private insurance as well ?
the only people who could afford to not have insurance are the obscenely rich and they 'd still have one because having insurance is a good business move as long as you can afford it .
fact of the matter is insurance would be cheaper for everyone if everyone contributed to one plan .
it 's the difference between buying 300 million peanuts and 10 million .
you get better deals when you buy in bulk .
because i have nothing else to say on the subject .
it already is a healthier choice for a woman to get an abortion in the 1st trimester than it is to have a baby .
suh heading to the locker room after a huge play like that better light a fire under this team
a better list would be teams this list forgot because some of them are pretty memorable .
slogging through my 3rd time trying to watch it .
it 's my least favorite of the treks have n't seen dsc upto s5e14 deep into the dominion war when it 's supposed to be really good '' feels like homework to me .
if huge corps have 1000000 mining rigs that 's a significant investment and cost they have to make into mining .
it then becomes a cost vs benefit scenario and the bitcoin price has to be high enough for them to make a profit .
also there would be alot of coins still in circulation in the market .
it 's kind of like saying what happens if a huge company stock piles all the us dollar .
i was considering switching to the the main campus in edmonton since so many of the courses i needed were n't available also i quite frankly get bored out of my mind in small towns anyways .
would you happen to know the situation there as well i noticed most of the courses i actually needed were available .
oh and i 've worked in germany so i 'm looking at taking 201/202 but otherwise that would 've been awesome !
and sweetheart there are only a select few hostels in berlin that are actually worth staying in i 'd take my luck with couchsurfing instead p
i bet richtor scales in california picked up the moment he hit the ground .
the easy solution is to add barriers to casual ownership .
in the uk it is possible to own guns but it is prohibitally difficult to get one if you do n't really want it or need it .
just gang violence because they really want to kill each other .
the average person does n't and usually wo n't make an effort to buy a gun to commit a mass shooting and gangs do n't care about doing that either it seems .
and you better believe they will get excited if they find one alive that they thought was extinct .
i really can not be arsed with the people going '' but in europe they have bomb and car attacks so nahhh '' .
as though it 's some sort of atrocity fucking top trumps .
you spend all this time building them up then they realize they 've outgrown you and decide to leave you .
what could a 14 year old girl have done to deserve to be gunned down in cold blood ?
i 'm not a christian but i kind of hope there 's a hell for this piece of shit to burn in .
the comparisons in your argument are n't even weak at best
mixes up multiple phrases to come up with are n't even weak at best '' ... says i 'm the one sounding non-sensical .
you and i both know that the articles references are not the normal content of editorials or dear abby '' columns .
normal papers do n't have editorials and dear abby columns and culture sections ?
then there are the news articles written by investigative journalists as there are with buzzfeed news .
it 's really not a difficult concept but since you 're not able to grasp it i 'll stop wasting my time .
so you think she was wrong or it hit too close to home for you ?
if anyone is interested this repo is a little web app that works with office 365 to visualize meeting room availability .
this is my first react app so it probably is n't the most organized but it functions as it should .
some companies charge 20 per room per month and for companies that have 12-15 conference rooms that can be a hefty monthly fee for a service that is n't too complicated to make yourself .
i realize that other companies offer additional services along side the visualization portion but whatever .
we have been dating officially for under a month however we have been sexually and emotionally active with each other for over a year .
in the beginning we were great we had it all dates sex communication love .
she was everything i could ever ask for and she treated me like i was her whole world .
all day we would text or talk we would hangout 4 times a week we 'd hold hands cuddling was our forte we had sex like it was going out of style .
everything was great and i realized that i wanted to connect with her on a more significant level and become a couple .
she changed all of a sudden i had to prove myself her attention and affection became something that i had to earn .
her responses became curt cuddling became empty holding hands became forbidden sex is now a chore .
she punishes me on a daily basis at this point .
her repertoire includes but is not limited to silent treatment yelling threats revoking privileges '' payback .
given the most trivial offense that i could commit such as not saying good morning the second i wake up or going outside for a smoke after the t.v .
show has started is followed by an interrogation that would give the inquisition or the folks at guantanamo bay a run for their money .
she 'll barrage me with a flurry of accusations and as i defend myself on one another is flung right in my face .
there is no escaping this interrogation except for an admission of guilt to doing something far greater than what the original problem was .
not throwing away an empty soda can can yield an apology to being a selfish and inconsiderate boyfriend that has seriously disrespected his partner .
after the interrogation is over and the confession successfully extracted the punishment ensues .
yes but face the other way and do n't talk to her .
try to talk to her or even look at her anyway ?
threatens to kick you out or to leave the room .
hours days no contact verbatim you need to think about what you 've done '' ..
texting her too much texting her too little calling her not calling her asking her to hangout not asking her to hangout talking to her when her show is on and being too quiet .
i 'm not sure what to do at all .
i am sure about what i want to do .
i want to hold hands with her take her on dates call her talk to her about her day and do everything i can to make her happy .
sorry if i 'm asking too much there exists a double standard which bothers me to my core .
such as texting her ex ignore me for extended periods of time say something that offends me or insult me in front of people who respect me .
all real examples if i bring them to her attention hey gf it bothers we when you do that '' or hey can you talk to me '' its like i just stepped on a landmine .
any criticism '' which is really me just begging her to show me affection .
is instantly my fault and there 's not enough space here for me to list the different ways in which it is .
so right now i 'm just at my breaking point loving her feels like the wrong thing to do because i get punished for it .
currently i 'm enduring the silent treatment for an open ended amount of time .
tl dr it feels like i 'm being punished for loving my gf and i want things to go back to how they were before we were official
if this post is marked nsfw it means that i have a more recent list posted .
it may have items added to or missing from this post .
i 'm not looking for haunted hollows crates at this time .
i will not be selling any painted exotic or black market decal for just crates .
it would have to be an add if at all .
i do n't care much for certified items so i will not be considering certifications as an add .
crate offers on smaller items are more likely to be considered than other item offers .
i will not make offers on my own post unless it 's for an item in the w '' section .
there 's really no need for surface penetration in zombies and there are no scorestreaks to damage so whats the point of even including fmj in the weapon attachments ?
am i missing something or is this just an oversight by sledgehammer ?
looking for input as far as a savings plan .
my vehicle is paid in full 2016 with 7,000 miles currently and plan to keep it longterm .
401k currently doing 4 contribution or 217/month with 4 match by employer at 100 and also additional 4 retirement contribution by employer .
ss trgt ret 2050 m with fidelity started 8/2016 .
hsa 50/month currently employer contributes 1500 with yearly physical max i can contribute each month for 2018 is 161 to not exceed hsa limit .
roughly 2,000 2,100 in expenses each month rent food utilities misc phone vehicle fund to pay yearly insurance/maintenance
leaves about 1,500 left each month to place into various savings right now 1,000 into down payment 300 into emergency 50 into travel and rest into savings/checking .
buy a house in 3-5 years in the 150-250k range .
grad school/continuing education have 5-6k in an educational ira and employer will reimburse up to 8k in school expenses per year
my question is should i increase my 401k contributions over my employer match of 4 ?
should i decrease my down payment savings and start a roth ira instead so roughly 450/month towards ira and 550/month towards down payment ?
or would it be detrimental to my longterm savings goal to keep up the 1k per month towards a down payment ?
just unsure with my goals and current financial place in life if i should be throwing more money into retirement and spread out the timeframe to save for a down payment more or if my current line of thought is okay .
my team called ineffable united is a team in an organization called ineffable esports that our team started and has now grown to 9 teams .
we are looking for a plat midlaner to try out .
we practice 5-6 days a week and are participating in an in-house league we are starting .
if you are willing to take constructive criticism and looking to improve and grow in the competitive scene this is your team .
add me on league ign shd if you are looking to try out .
i test drove the ioniq hybrid blue and loved it .
outside of that the 650 mile range and 50 mpg is insane .
no wonder the hyundai salesman was saying how it 's taking alot of customers away from the prius .
what do you guys think about how the plugin might compare to the hybrid .
i assume the plugin will use more electricity thereby saving gas in the city but perhaps plugin will suffer in range as it will probably be less range than the current 650 miles or so on the hybrid .
would love to see information on this if anyone has seen something like a google doc with gun stat information .
time is a figment of our imaginations we are all just mere specks of dust in a universe larger than our small minds can comprehend big corporations are the sole reason almost all of us are alive also communism could hypothetically have worked
going through to get the baths challenge done before reset .
looking for players who have done the raid and are down for a relaxed run through with challenge .
it 's the only mode my wife likes so she is pretty upset they took it away .
i 've been reading articles but i 'm not sure if there is something i should be doing now to physically prepare for it .
the coins i have will be safe in a mycelium wallet ?
i 've been an iphone user since the 3g owned the 4 5 6 6s 7 and now the iphone x .
after the initial hype/honeymoon period of my x died down i feel quite disappointed honestly when comparing it to my 7 plus .
side by side the displays do n't look that much different .
the constant ‘gesture bar ' at the bottom of the screen is quite useless after you know how to swipe for gestures which you most likely know when you 're throwing down 1700 here in canada on a phone .
the blank space below the keyboard should be an option .
battery displaying without pulling down notification centre should also be an option .
this phone has so much hardware but it feels so held back by software at least to me .
does anyone else feel this way and somewhat regret their purchase ?
i have 3 weeks to return it and i 'm seriously contemplating it .
all parts pulled from systems with less than an hour of power on time refer to cdi .
will trade for a cheap lga1151 matx motherboard with an m.2 socket. prices include shipping .
i just picked up a 2nd gen off craigslist with its fair share of problems .
i 'm looking to put together a wishlist of stuff i can buy for my rig that might be on sale for black friday .
i 'm assuming lift kits etc wont be but i do need a new stereo maybe some useful gadgets on the inside i really need new tires so i 'm hoping i can find a sale .
anyways is there anything you guys are looking forward to buying for black friday or cyber monday ?
it 's not possible but i 'm still interested to see you guys try .
eight-legged freaks is easily the best film ever made directed by ellory elkayem the stanley kubrick of insect movies .
it 's scarlett johansson 's best role and features the great scott terra who some people might not have known was a child actor .
it also has incredible effects which i think still hold up very well today .
bested only by the lost world jurassic park imo .
just got my shipment in the mail from aimee smith .
the nike jersey looks really nice and everything is stitched .
when you give your plants nutrients are you giving them nutrients everyday ?
and if you 're not when you flush for the last 2 weeks and you only give them water will it make it difference if you 're not giving them nutrients everyday ?
is there a way to share pictures and not use imgur ?
i tried a few moments ago with our engagement pictures and the comments people made on that site were so incredibly mean and rude .
after i jump off wall a my momentum is now towards wall b but simple geometry tells us that my direction is backwards away from the corner .
this means i ca n't possibly wall ride on wall b towards the corner because my momentum is going the other way .
but all the videos and tutorials they do n't seem to have this problem .
after they jump off a wall they do n't get launched off in a backwards direction .
they 're momentum remains perpendicular to the second wall .
yesterday i disconnected from the game and quickly rejoined and we managed to win .
any time it disconnects i finish the game and go back to quick play i do n't want to be playing on shit internet .
today i played again and disconnected early in the match despite having played for maybe half an hour in ffa with no signs of lag internet issues .
i was n't able to rejoin as the game would 've been cancelled so i lost 50 sr and recieved a 10 minute suspension .
now i 'm worried about playing competitive mode despite being on quick play all day and having no issues .
i 'm trying to remember a show maybe a kids show where a character say me likey or their name likeyyy i have heard of the emperors new groove and the how i met your mother ones but its neither of those !
a q helper addon that was more powerfull than wrath q helper .
hell questie even showed you on the map were you could pick the qs up .
so if you really care about a classic wow experience all quest helper addons should be bannes .
it 's a public bank holiday where i live and as such i 've been at home all day as i 've had to work on an assignment for uni .
i 've had my phone nearby most of the day and have had the occasional message popping up on facebook to tell me that my family have posted to wish me a good day .
however not one single person that is not a family member has contacted me all day including my best friend .
i had some drinks with friends on the weekend to celebrate which my best friend arrived late to and attended for half an hour before having to flee to be with some other friend of hers who i do n't know .
earlier this year she had a birthday dinner which i was the only invitee to turn up to and she was devastated .
i just wanted to let someone know how let down i feel that none of my friends seem to have remembered .
i am looking for an old commercial for a potato knife that i saw .
it is in black and white and features a guy in a chef uniform using a multi function potato knife to make spirals chips and waffle cuts .
his description of how to cook them is to fry them in fat '' .
i believe it was shown as a commercial before a movie .
searching vintage knife ads only seems to bring up ginsu commercials .
from what i 've seen here today i have an unpopular opinion .
the reason i love it is because rhett and link have decided to go this new direction .
it is still the two of them doing funny things to give us all internetainment .
and i 'm sorry but if you do n't like it then do n't watch it .
i just ca n't imagine being them or a part of their team and seeing a lot of the comments being negative .
give it more than one day to make an opinion .
rhett and link i 'm sure you 'll never see this but in case you do i support you and i love any sort of format that gmm is or becomes .
thank you for thinking of all your fans and trying to make people happy .
click the res subscribe button below if you would like to be notified when comments are posted .
all sub rules https www.reddit.com/r/cryptocurrency/about/rules still apply in this thread with the exception of rule 2 .
breaking news should be posted separately from this thread .
to view live streaming comments for this thread click here https reddit-stream.com/comments/auto .
account permissions are required to post comments through reddit-stream.com .
scar night along with iron angel and god of clocks are probably some of the most underrated books i 've read .
the best way to describe these is as steampunk fantasy .
alan campbell constructs some incredibly dynamic worlds and very memorable characters john anchor .
if you can find copies snatch them up and enjoy .
i get that the shots are supposed to desensitize your immune system but how does that work when the body is actively trying to fight it ?
as the title says there are some maps that have ceilings or objects above which you can shoot up or down to have the orb keep bouncing up and down until it expires .
this will extend the duration of the orb and actually make it easier to keep track of where it is for teammates .
where you 're swaying more realistically i think it 's the animation when holding chins .
please make canes have that so fashionscape can flourish thanks
hey guys i have a quick question on how you guys 'set ' your really flexible coral .
i currently have some branching gsp in my corner and want to keep it as upright as possible and away from glass/rock .
i thought about gluing a wood skewer to the actual stem but am worried that the wood will get broken down by the water and introduce some nastiness to my system .
by levelling up my invention skill i achieved at least level 84 in all skills .
i levelled my fishing skill i am now level 94 .
the time has come '' the walrus said to talk of many things
to make sure you do n't spoil anything sensitive !
i levelled my invention skill i am now level 84 .
i now have a total level of 2600 split among all my skills .
i am a fan of comic-book shows weekly viewer of the dc/cw shows amped for runaways and the punisher and a fan of the other netflix shows except iron fist obvs and a devout fan of agents of shield and legion .
but for whatever reason i have n't watched a single minute of the gifted .
where do you rank it among the other super-shows on air currently ?
im thinking of buying low for freeman what are your thoughts ?
i feel like this is n't a super tough schedule and even though he 's battling an injury i think it would be worth it .
the following post by liljellyjam is being replicated because the post has been silently greylisted .
the original post can be found in censored form at this link
i can do inspect element '' and remove it that way but it just comes back when i refresh the page .
so i 've been reading up on the whole purging '' process people experience when they first start tretinoin and i am just curious about other peoples ' stories because i 'm really struggling .
my skin is horrible right now and i 'm so uncomfortable and self conscious but i 'm holding out hope that it will all be worth it in the end .
i need to know i 'm not going crazy over here .
mentioned it to someone else and they said they saw them near the amtrak station earlier .
i 'm debating this with a group of friends and they 're blowing my mind .
referring to the absorbent yellow object typically used for washing dishes would you pronounce it so it rhymes with long '' ?
review of all global accounts album https imgur.com/a/17tzo updated on 10/31/2017
review of all japan accounts album https imgur.com/a/hb5qb updated on 10/31/2017
some beast accounts on sale note check the stones on account
super japan https imgur.com/a/tvb4q 3 lrs new vegito ui goku all ssj4s golden frieza many neo gods gods sold
if you need any information just contact me on fb/discord/email .
i recently started a server with a custom 1.7.10 pack for some friends and while the server runs just fine in order to join the server world players have to join a single player world first .
i will update this post later with a crash log snippet and mod list i am at work currently .
i was just curious if anyone has had an issue like this in the past .
i just reinstalled tap titans 2 i played before but i quit because of 12hrs grinding for 10k relics still not getting book of shadows so tiring playing so hard seeing no improvements anyways back to the main topic im just wondering what are the new brakcets ?
well i played the version 3500 max before i quit .
considering that there might be the chance of having mbappe if at rw instead of st .
how much it will gon na cost at rw ?
right now on ps4 the nif is 130 and the otw around 1mln .
hi all i am finally at the end of my tether with wacom .
every driver release messes up something new without addressing the existing issues .
their support is actually useless they just stop replying when they ca n't fix your issue .
i have to use this tablet for 8-9 hour a day 6 days a week i just cant take the lack of care and constant instability of wacom anymore .
has anyone ever used an alternative brand which they enjoyed ?
i know lack of viable alternatives is a big problem in this market but right now i find it hard to believe that there isnt anything at least as bad as wacom and right now i 'm willing to try anything rather than keep giving money to them .
it seems like fox and disney have discussed about fox selling the majority to its shares to disney .
i did a mini online search and it seems legit .
i do n't know how to feel about these news though .
the probability of seeing some new heroes in infinity wars and having a crossover between avengers and mutants in future films sounds awesome .
nevertheless i do not trust disney to be the one company to represent the heroes i love .
plus these news wo n't make any difference in bringing maa back..
i just got the goblet of the chest which drew the warlock death knight .
i wanted to know what other cool things have you pulled of with the new legendary ?
online it says it 's better than food grade .
i know there is always amazon ... but this stuff is cheap and is right around the corner from my house .
i once bought a cigar box pg that was no good for my use ha .
the grim misadventures '' development updates for crate entertainment 's action-rpg grim dawn are less frequent now but that just means that when they are released they have that much more substance to them .
the latest one http ift.tt/2aqpqy2 for example outlines the team 's plans for the next few updates that are to follow the recently released http ift.tt/2j76x5a ashes of malmouth expansion in great detail .
we should expect bug fixes balance adjustments improved casting behavior and enhanced controller support new arenas and waves for the crucible and a new roguelike dungeon .
it 's already in testing and is expected to go live in the next two weeks .
this patch will address many reported issues whether that 's concerning loot questing items or otherwise .
it will also bring with it some overall balance adjustments and improvements to the new components introduced in ashes of malmouth .
we ca n't just have a big patch and call it a day at some bug fixes and balance changes .
v1.0.3.0 is highlighted by two major features improved casting behavior and enhanced controller support .
what this means to you is that the casting behavior of all skills will be updated to be much more responsive .
casting a skill will make the character cast it immediately in the targeted direction rather than forcing the character to run up to the skill 's casting distance .
as an example let 's say you try to cast the arcanist 's callidor 's tempest .
currently if you point the cursor far away from your character your character would run up to the minimum distance that ability can be cast and then actually cast the skill .
with the v1.0.3.0 improvements it wo n't matter where your cursor is on the screen .
callidor 's tempest will cast immediately without any additional movement .
the other feature which actually made the above possible is to dramatically improve grim dawn 's functionality with a controller .
this means much better controller configuration and custom ui elements catered specifically to the controller note active only while you have a controller enabled on your pc .
this is another major step towards getting grim dawn onto the xbox and the pc version benefits in the process !
coming up fairly quickly after v1.0.3.0 is in your hands this patch will be focused on upgrading the crucible .
first up we are introducing not one but two new arenas for your combat pleasure .
these will be available to all players who own the crucible dlc whether you have ashes of malmouth or not .
the other change a much bigger endeavor is not only going to incorporate ashes of malmouth enemies into the crucible but also extend the difficulty with the introduction of additional waves .
we have not yet finalized how many new waves we will be adding but you will have ever greater challenges to crush and more loot to gather .
the addition of ashes of malmouth enemies will be focused primarily on these additional waves though we will sprinkle in a few encounters in waves 1-150 as well .
and do n't worry about certain arcane heroes and nemesis encounters .
as with loxmere before them they will be adjusted accordingly for the crucible .
as the new waves will include expansion-only enemies this feature will be exclusive for owners of ashes of malmouth and the crucible dlc .
there are many things in store for you after v1.0.3.0 and v1.0.4.0 and sharp eyes will notice that i have n't even mentioned the new roguelike dungeon yet .
the upcoming dungeon will introduce you to mogdrogen 's personal haven within the world of cairn or it was the beast god 's haven until the corrupting presence of the aetherials and the chthonians took root within the ancient grove .
when its gates are opened to you in early 2018 you will face off against once majestic beasts of the wild forever tainted beyond redemption by the invaders of cairn .
with a heavy heart mogdrogen will implore you to enter his domain and bring an end to the corruption .
you will be tasked with ending the existence of a guardian as old as the bog itself the heart of the wild the grove 's keeper .
the ceaseless vigil of mogdrogen 's mightiest creation will finally come to an end .
1 panic will increase before the hard forks bitcoin will drop more .
3 after the 13n fork bitcoin cash 's price will grow easily again
4 miners will prefer bitcoin cash cause it will be more profitable to mine
5 bitcoin will be slower to transfer when the miners leave .
that will bring more panic and fear about future of btc .
and probably it will drop to 6400s maybe fewer .
so bitcoin cash will be the best option to buy instead of btc
7 probably bitcoincash hit 1000 maybe more before the 16 n fork .
8 when ppl see the chart of bch ppl will start to believe it .
9 weekly increase of bch will bring more ppl .
10 and bitcoin cash will be the '' safe harbor '' before the 1x and 2x battle .
11 panic sells for bitcoin have started in nov 5 .
and when bitcoin cash hits 1k bitcoin owners will look btc 's one week old chart which is in decline .
12 bitcoin will drop to 5500s can be more i hope
13 one day before the fork ppl will want to have free money and cheap coins btc can rise 6200s .
14 after the split panic sellers will sell their btcs for the safe harbor bch again asap .
15 s2x probably will have a great sell on its first 6 hours .
17 probably s2x will get stuck about 500-600 in 3-4 days .
but after that in days sadly bch will lose value slowly cause probably money-lover exchanges will support btc again
18 and result we will not be able to buy a pizza with our bitcoins cause fees are half of the pizza 's price
each cs go key you will get 16 card sets equivalent to 1600 xp .
each tf2 key you will get 12 card sets equivalent to 1200 xp .
every 220 gems will get you 1 card set equivalent to 100 xp .
! help show you the commands and what they do
! owner show the admin profile if you have any problems you may contact me
! stats show current amount of bot currencies sets gems keys
! level your dream level calculate how many sets and how many keys it will cost to desired level
! check show how many sets the bot have available and how much you can craft
! check amount show how many sets and which level you would reach for a specific amount of keys
! checktf amount show how many sets and which level you would reach for a specific amount of keys
! checkgems amount show how many sets and which level you would reach for a specific amount of gems
! buy amount of cs go keys use to buy that amount of cs go keys for sets you dont have following the current bot rate
! buytf amount of tf keys use to buy that amount of tf keys for sets you dont have following the current bot rate
! buygems amount of sets use to buy that amount of sets for gems following the current bot rate
! buyany amount of cs go keys use to buy that amount of cs go keys for any sets following the current bot rate
! buyone amount of cs go keys use this if you are a badge collector .
bot will send only one set of each game following the current bot rate
! buyonetf amount of tf keys use this if you are a badge collector .
bot will send only one set of each game following the current bot rate
! buygemsone amount of sets use this if you are a badge collector .
! sell amount of cs go keys use to sell your sets for cs go key s
! sellgems amount of sets use to sell your sets for gems
! selltf amount of tf keys use to sell your sets for tf key s
! sellcheck amount of cs go keys use to check information about sets you can sell
before i say anything else i am not shitting on the show i enjoyed the episode and watch every week .
it just seemed there were various issues while watching including hearing cole speak to kevin dunn and knowing it was pre-taped was it like this for everyone or just what aired here in the uk ?
there were several occasions where the breaks ended and came back it seemed the commentators were unaware for up to 20 seconds many not every time the show came back from an advert break .
several times cole was obviously speaking to someone by giving short answers like ok '' or will do '' i noticed it in the jason jordan v elias match first .
the worst time was coming back from the advert break for pete dunn v enzo before it started where cole said ok kev you want me to open with that ? ''
and 20 seconds later he opened with a plug for a wwe mobile game before welcoming back to the show .
there were other things too like when angle was dealing with the bar '' talking about the title match it cut back to the crowd before the match was made although it seemed kurt botched his lines got flustered and sheamus got angry and shouted to cover for kurt but still i had no idea the match was made based on the editing until cole announced it later .
there seemed to be various other timing issues with asuka running up and down the ramp celebrating seeming to be one of them .
she seemed to be about to walk to the back before legging it back into the ring for some reason dancing around a little more and exiting the same way as she did a minute or two previously by dancing up the ramp again and then going backstage .
as i said i am not shitting on the show i 've just never seen so many strange things going on on raw .
as i said i watched the uk airing of the show and it had all these issues maybe the us airing was different but i just wanted to know if anyone else noticed these things !
i understand being on tour that things may not line up as they 'd like which is why i 'm not criticizing just curious about the whole thing !
i liked his game i thought he was funny and felt bad because of his injuries so i was rooting for him .
then the r/nba circlejerk coincided with the espn circlejerk and now it 's impossible to talk about embiid rationally without someone saying bro he 's the best c in the league when healthy. which is just stupid .
beowulf strategic operations is a growing arma 3 community .
serious tactical gameplay without all the faff 20:00 utc wednesday and sunday .
our goal at beowulf is to provide an immersive tactical and enjoyable experience in game without the stress and of strict training regimes or attendance requirements .
strat-ops are our latest and greatest way to play once every month or so we plan on hosting one strategic operation .
these take place on a normal session night but instead of two or three shorter missions we only play one massive complex mission with a large overall goal and multiple objectives .
a version of the initial brief for our first stratop can be seen here https docs.google.com/document/d/13pamgogjk8mzwauicrfgmx_jasuirqmqtrjez9iurrc/edit ? usp=sharing !
we 're also experimenting with tvt sessions we 're aware that some people love the increased threat and intensity from fighting an enemy with the game but are conscious that many of our players also can find it frustrating .
because of this we 've decided to host dedicated tvt nights where we solely play missions with an adversarial focus .
instead we strive to follow the idea of tactical realism .
we do n't have any specific ranks and do n't restrict ourselves to playing as a specific military force .
instead we focus on providing a variety of interesting roles and operation styles to constantly test and challenge our skills experience a try out a variety of weapons and vehicles on a regular basis and above all enjoy ourselves whilst playing .
we have no strict attendance requirements play if you feel like it or even hop on any time of day to play our dynamic generator '' missions .
popular community-proven mods such as ace acre niarms and rhs .
a full list of mods can be found on our website .
our pack also includes a wealth of extra content including many more terrains niarms weapons and much much more .
the total repository is 28.8gb and is handled with our in-house mod installer bsu .
we use apex but not in every session and will alert our members ahead of time when apex content is being used .
although the core of the community is arma community nights for other games such as insurgency regularly occur and there 's always something to chat about in our slack chat .
drop me a message if you have any questions or visit www.beowulfso.com to come join in !
relaxed out of game focused in game tactical realism '' mentality .
join our slack chat at https slackin.beowulfso.com to play with us soon !
check out one of our operations https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=5alic12kpei
or come talk to one of our members on steam bennysouthst http steamcommunity.com/id/bennysouthst
start calling katakuri one of his insulting nicknames like he often did to enemies of the past likenhow he called enel ear lobes .
be mad funny to watch luffy refer to him as split mouth or sum shit
god wo n't give you more than you can bare and when one door closes god provides another one
i grew up in a religious family and had church going friends .
i was taught these things and even told that if i truly believed then i would n't even feel depression .
i bought into that when i was younger and actually felt more depressed that i was n't faithful enough .
religion was n't the answer i needed at the time .
has religious belief helped or hurt you more at your lowest point ?
edit that 's a bummer to hear of so many people getting jipped on exchanges in the past .
hopefully we can still have an exchange and people will stay true to their word .
i 'm going to egypt in january and will be diving in the red sea .
my boyfriend is coming too and he loves underwater life but has not yet tried diving .
do you have any advice about diving in the red sea ?
or advice for helping someone who has not dived before to enjoy it ?
for those who have n't tried marin yet his chest is a deathrattle minion and therefore can be resummoned by n'zoth .
mcdonald i made this team to give it a try.. we 'll see how it goes .
been linked over the summer proven young pl goal scorer can fill a role we desperately need and would n't break the bank .
granted he signed an extension last summer but i reckon we could pry him away from bournemouth .
will ss4 goku ever be in the category im a little confused as to why hes not
after two months of moving into my new apartment in ajman i have mould growing and it got worse when i left for two weeks out of the country and left all the doors closed .
i bought a mould remover from ace hardware and it has helped a little bit but it reoccurs .
my wall is damp and a bit wet which causes mould to grow so i suspect a leak but my landlord is not bothered to actually check .
my landlord called a poor underpaid labourer to scrape the wall add some filler and paint over it the poor chap i felt pity for him he had no rubber gloves or mask he had no idea what mould/mildew was and within a week the mould grew back my landlord does n't understand the health effects of this thing and he says it 's normal in this country
i am planning to go to the ajman municipality and make a report or something if he does n't find a solution because i have been feeling sick with sore throat and constant sneezing .
help please anyone also know where i can find anti mould paint does ace sell them too ?
i know there is a big one at the cenotaph but it is quite difficult to see anything !
does anyone have any knowledge of any other parades within london ?
i would love to go along to one but it 's hard to find any information online .
i encourage you to use the black friday/cyber monday ads .
hi need a review of the below parts before buying .
operating system or peripherals monitor keyboard mouse etc needed ?
only an operating system if there a different source to get this please let me know .
where you are located to determine if you are near a microcenter
any other personal preferences or requirements such as overclocking ?
i would like to play triple a games on ultra setting 1444hz .
if it will allow would this setup push 1440p 144h if i can find a monitor ?
with the upcoming hf and with many noobs in this community i thought this was not a bad idea .
i 'm moving there from dc and i 've never left the east coast so i 'm not too sure how expensive they are there .
i know many sg folks in tonberry but the server is always full..
there 's currently quite a sizeable lot from sg and malaysia on typhon if anybody is interested have a linkshell up and everything
i used to look forward to all of wake and bake and day drinking on my birthdays .
i am about to turn 33 on an upcoming weekday that i have off of work as a floater for my birthday and am not sure what to do after being sober for nearly 11 months .
it will be my first sober birthday since i turned 16 .
staying home and relaxing is something i do regularly on weekends so its not necessarily a treat '' .
the weather does n't really encourage nature type things .
i do n't especially care for going to the movies i 've been to all the museums in town and i 'm not too into bowling mini golf arcades etc .
as i am turning 33 and not turning 11 .
the idea of having a party when sober is really boring since i am introverted .
there are n't any concerts or events in town that day .
my wife will be working as will my friends .
i have looked for ideas online and they usually fall into what i consider feel-good greeting card hippie nonsense '' .
i alreay go to aa and have a commitment so being advised to go to a meeting followed by a happy face emoji which is the standard two cent answer on recovery '' forums would n't do anything special .
while i plan on going out to eat i do n't exactly need to take a day off of work for that .
i am worried i will just stay home bored and bummed out browsing through work emails all day on my phone .
i have health issues that prohibit me from drinking and i take medication that also prohibits me from drinking so i have 0 percent intent on drinking and the idea isnt even in my head .
but the lack of other things to do that are actually appealing leads me to want to pretend it was n't my birthday and just have another meaningless day in the grind of work .
ok ... so i started a batch of hard cider on the 18th of october home pressed juice from a mix of johnathon and yellow delicious apples with 1/4 cup brown sugar to help it get started and red star champagne yeast .
all i can see are teeny tiny bubbles around the neck of the bottle and nada in my airlock .
my brother keeps saying to just chill and wait another week but i 'm not so sure .
i think either something 's wrong and my fermentation has stalled or primary fermentation is done and i should prepare for secondary .
jordan 1 shattered backboard '' https imgur.com/a/mrfms uk 8.5 very very comfortable .
gosha sweatpants https imgur.com/a/bbjpb l fits like an m pretty good quality never worn it apart from trying it on .
fear of god checkered shirt https imgur.com/a/pq2fs l fits tts worn it once to a party and did n't how it looked on me so it 's just been sat in my wardrobe £10
i have dealt with numerous users such as u/demonjelly for a supreme x tnf jacket u/revolooption for a cav empt jacket supreme and yeezys to u/sweetsweetsauce u/opioniatedpotato for a slp backpack u/swivelhead1 for calabasas joggers and many more .
feel free to pm me if you have any questions or inquiries .
london meetups preferred or bank transfers but no paypal as i do n't have an account .
since the phone uses ai to separate the foreground and background could someone make an app to use this capability to remove the background instead of just blur it ?
it would make a world of difference replacing green-screen setups .
i need you to take this short survey about my business around 6 questions in order to know who is interested .
and i 'm excited to make my dog of course .
please delete your comment and submit a new comment vote if you wish to qualify .
voting ends this morning at market open 9:30 am est
everyone says this but is there any proof or even reliable accusations ?
like i 'm willing to believe them but i genuinely ca n't tell if there 's evidence for this or if it 's just a meme
what a great series that never had a spin-off ... good thing ea did n't fuck that up right guys ?
we might have some in the base ... if not i can send for command to send you some . ''
he used to play for rangers and they have a much higher ceiling as a club than west brom
you can only get rin from sindragosa/malchezaar or anynthing that generates random legendaries .
you 'll still have to pay the 41 mana .
my dad thought i was gay i 'm mtf and gay for the ladies so he 's only half right .
even though i only dated women ... .even married one .
i mean it 's not horrible for 1.5 mil .
the only things my dog has ever refused to eat are carrots and lettuce !
if it takes a couple months to get content from last summer into game 2 released in september then so be it .
we all know they rushed the last update because of us the fans who selfishly expected a long-promised feature to be in the game at release .
so they had to rush to get it to us a month after release and then it was full of bugs which of course you ungrateful whiners complained about incessantly .
they are too good for us and you are lucky they even let you download this video game for the hundreds of dollars you have been allowed to spend on it and its dlcs . ''
i 'm stuck at work but i can take a look later this afternoon .
that 's totally cool you do n't want to watch it .
i wrote this directed edited produced it and i 'm in it .
takes a lot of time and effort but it 's also really rewarding .
i created opportunities for my friends to shine and had a blast .
i made a thing which is better than just watching things on reddit and leaving nasty comments .
i hope you learn that life is more enjoyable when your giving and loving to other around you .
i hope you find happiness and realize that lifting others up lifts you up .
wtf ... does grandma has a stroke and no one cared ?
he knew this but still flipped out on me for not replying .
there were a lot of niceguy red flags in earlier messages he sent me that didnt fit in the screenshot .
so for this specific guy it 's a no from me .
but if i wasnt engaged and a hypothetical guy messaged me ?
im sure i would at least respond to him and see how it went from there .
there are likely gun-owning countries that can handle the responsibility of citizens owning guns but the us is not one of them .
the community reaction is disappointing to say the least .
i 'm ashamed to be part of this community for this .
sadly i 'm waiting until i can buy a 4k tv and a new system .
plus i paid over 300 at the beginning of the year for a one s .
they are advertised as being machine washable but even in cold water on the delicate setting they definitely shrink .
they are a bit shorter now and the ribbed cuffs are much smaller and a bit lumpy .
i recommend handwashing unless your machine is gentler than mine .
i find their flat knit sweaters loose in the body and that wo n't change with washing .
i do have a ribbed merino wool turtleneck from uniqlo and it is beautifully fitted in the body and comes out of the washing machine perfectly .
played it in its very early alpha and beta ca n't really imagine why you would wan na play it other than mu nostalgia although its very little like mu online .
for '96 more than 640,000 prohibited firearms were surrendered nationwide as part of the buyback program .
in addition it was reported that about 60,000 nonprohibited firearms were voluntarily surrendered without compensation . ''
aaaaand for 2002 the buyback program which was implemented by the individual states and territories resulted in about 70,000 handguns and more than 278,000 parts and accessories being surrendered . ''
from what i 've read 2002 gun laws just banned certain types of weapons and parts .
the same people as before were able to purchase firearms as they had been before .
i get that you are anti-gun and that 's fine but please do n't lie .
i keep asking myself if i am missing out on the nic salt devices ...
maybe curcumin is not the only useful ingredient in turmeric .
i would pm you my clavicle but i am poor and really insecure about my shoulders
i would go back in time to when he was a teenager about to smoke his first cigarette and say i am his guardian angel .
i would warn him to avoid smoking at all costs because tests would later discover that smoking is terrible for the health and causes cancer and that his death from throat cancer would not only place his daughter my mum into great despair and depression but would also bring a greater heart ache to his ex wife my nanny then their divorce did .
i would hope he believed me as he was a godly man .
plus montgomery looks to be hurry up back so jones loses more touches .
without a passing threat it does n't open up a run game .
this is my team as of now but i do n't really like this formation and i 'm looking to replace klaassen because he is n't that great next replacement would be butland i guess .
i 'm pretty happy with my attacking line though do n't think i 'm gon na replace anybody soon there .
i swear i saw a post somewhere here of a woman that did n't want to tell her husband that the thermostat was broken because he seemed so proud of having installed it ...
i was going to keep calm anyway because i really do n't care .
do n't know what the fuck is going on here but i love the word depressie ''
the only paperwork signed was the letter of intent which is not legally binding .
considering the new person did n't even follow what was agreed upon .
thank you for your comment i 'm glad there is something that can be done just finding a lawyer to do it .
i 'm going to reiterate my guess that the writer of oathbringer is gavilar .
my issue with this sub is that people are n't trying to make rational discourse they 're aimlessly bitching and i 'm sure i 'll be downvoted to hell for suggesting such a thing .
valid complaint it 's taking too long for qol patches
invalid complaint bungie is forcing people to buy a dlc to get qol updates .
bungie has never tied qol updates to dlc 's everyone gets them .
the pc edition just dropped the other week and we 've all seen in d1 how ugly things can be when patches go badly and introduce new issues or do n't do what they say .
this is a much more reasonable explanation for the delay on the qol updates than that bungie has turned in ea money grubbing bastards .
now ... with all that said if people are finding the game unplayable unlikely the qol problems in d2 pale in comparison to most of the life of d1 or un-rewarding quite likely but unrelated to qol updates the discussion should be about how they 're going to take a break until the dlc/qol updates or give up the game forever .
but instead they keep doing their weekly milestones then hop back on reddit to complain all day and make the community more bleak for all the rest of us .
it has provided free care for low income families since 1995 .
there are hotels in grant county dry ridge and a flea bag one or two in williamstown .
yes they should have built more infrastructure but i believe they thought hotel chains would want to open closer and discounted the fact that their proximity to nky/cincinnati and lexington works against them when there is nothing else to do .
especially since the crowd that goes to the ark are the same people that would go to the creation museum .
so theoretically let 's say you are planning your trip .
stay in dry ridge ky or make the 30-45 drive to a bigger city with a whole lot more to do ?
well shit i might have to look into this .
i have no idea why i could n't find this info months ago !
i havent seen anyone say it but its worth mentioning a knight would not go into battle wielding his sword .
a sword is a secondary weapon like a handgun .
early on before plate mail the primary weapon was a spear and shield you have a huge advantage over someone with just a sword .
later on knights carried hammers axes halberds and the like to get get through or just concus other knights swords were used when your opponent got too close .
and it 's likely to drop 10-20 sometime this month maybe not these chips but i bet we see some b-die 3200 at 160 or less this month by its still the best deal currently out there and it was good enough for me to buy .
plug it in to itunes and do a back up then give it a go .
first of all the series is half length and incomplete so that makes the rest of your statement redundant .
wow thats a fucking good guide haha thanks for all these infos most of it looks great will try to do all but i am as unorganized as you lol anyway thanks for all this
ok there you go see i need to get out more !
not only that ... he has a injury in his knee .
i was a young kid during the limewire days .
my mom asked this guy to come fix our computer he could n't it was just like this full of viruses m. i finally made a decision and had to learn to recover the pc my self at age 12 .
i too am a sucker for this kind of romance .
can love become money while the handling of her assault is flawed i actually really enjoyed this show .
i think they are both really alone for different reasons .
he wants revenge for what happened to his family and his pursuit has left him isolated in love and estranged from his family .
it is like a softer less tragic version of secret .
cheese in the trap despite it 's meanderings and sloppy ending i still found it worth watching .
but his relationships with those closest to him are fraught with feelings of betrayal and mistrust .
on the surface it appears he does not care what others think or how they misunderstand him .
heart to heart the unethical components of their relationship aside he is treating her for agoraphobia and other issues this is a good drama .
both of them feel unlovable though one is physically isolated and the other surrounds himself with people .
i mean his dream is to buy an island and live there on his own .
her heart just breaks as she starts to understand him trust him and ultimately love him .
the master 's sun her life took a bad turn when she started seeing ghosts and they can also possess her .
he keeps people at a distance because of both a betrayal and a reading disability .
kimi wa peto she is a stressed out businesswoman who ends up with a younger man a former ballet star as her human pet .
both the japanese drama and the korean movie are delightful in their own ways .
it is very unconventional but makes complete sense for the two of them .
the suspicious housekeeper she is a dark mary poppins that will do anything her employer tells her to do .
the family comes to love her and tries to find out what happened to make her the way she is .
not primarily a romance since it emphasizes the relationship with the kids more than with the widowed dad .
not a romance but i will also suggest misaeng because it pushed most of the same buttons for me as these types of romances .
mc leaves the life of being a go prodigy to work in an office where he is at first ostracized because of his lack of qualifications .
they want to make it safe for them to mass murder !
probably from burns of an awefully coffee pot dropped by eminem .
i think the lynch movie had great visuals but the acting pacing and screen writing were all a bit off .
ultimately i think it comes down to lynch being the wrong fit .
came here to ask too glad i 'm not the only one interested lol .
ill make my attack and let the person roll a perception to see if flatfooted .
then i will allow the ppl able to act in the surprise round go .
sry i do n't want to risk my points . ''
i am not a brewer but i have someone that wants to be .
it is for someone that wants to brew their own beer .
i want something that offers flavor profile suggestions and thoughts .
i 'm also making him a travelers notebook with pockets and notebook inserts so he can keep meticulous notes .
there is this thing called a lobotomy look into it .
in this case i think the air force might get at least a little slap on the hand since they are the ones who did n't forward the info like they are supposed to .
i did n't realize how much retracted arms improve movement .
it 's been a while since i 've been plaaying arms .
i 'll have to jump into matchmaking and give this a shot !
i saw it that people who failed matric could go to free tafe then uni or sit entrance exams .
i mined for a day and zpool does n't see my wallet
so i switched it up and added back the x17 and now it sees it
however i 've been going for an hour or two and its not updating .
i ca n't get my wallet connected at all tonight so i ca n't verify anything
if i should n't be worried just plz tell me i 'm pretty .
i like you can look directly at the hoop to make a shot with her
it 's very neat to see what is essentially an addictive poison reduced to what is seemingly a harmless little shape .
i 'm a raspberry or preferably boysenberry kid myself .
det er mit indtryk at det er de rige som bor der ?
this is the third time in 4 hours it has been posted
oh come on we all know he gets off of cow figurines made of butter
the dealer appears to have a solid reputation based on the comments i 've read on the mail board where he does most of his business .
multiple posts dating back a few years and positive comments from buyers .
so as far as i can tell it should be a legit transaction but you just never know ... if i end up with the watch i will pm a pic .
my dad crossed over from mexico and waited for my mom .
i 'm the youngest of three who was born and raised in a garage until i was 5 before going into a low income apartment complex and remember nearly every moment of my parent working hard .
my dad worked in the fields canning factory restaurant and upholstry and lost a thumb as well as parts of 3 fingers .
he 's always made sure to have enough for us to live comfortably even if he had to work 12 hour shifts with maybe a day off if he did n't bring work home .
i 've made him happy with things i 've done or gifts but i want to be able to one day make him feel the way this dad has .
i never thought a comment of mine would cause someone to want to do that but thank you .
it means a lot that you cared that much .
depending on if you believe what you read on crazydayfornights but apparently he has lawyered up and trying to stop any article referring to his weird was killed .
i saw it first hand there were a few allegations from someone a week or so ago yahoo etc ... ..ran the story but said they had to take it down .
i think dailywire kept it up ... .. a guy called justin tweeted about his experience with sinnger ... he has recently deleted his account due to threats apparently ... .anyway my first hand experience as i have written about before was i lived in australia around the time he was filming superman ahem ... spacey i ran with a weird crowd then didnt really know anyone in australia at the time aside from a few people one of them knew this very young looking blonde kid name i actually cant remember but he was a rent boy and had been with singer many times .
he likes them to look very young he likes his drugs he weirdly likes young guys and himself to be covered in baby oil ... .the guy i knew ended up as a small walk on role in little fish .
i always heard stuff about him on the scene and totally believe everything i have heard in the press .
regardless i can see him being protected for the foreseeable future .
the freddie mercury film is likely going to be a big deal .
with that the studio will likely protect him and their investment .
he 's certainly not 183rd best in the builder base leaderboards lol ... .
they are n't and consoles are working on making m k native at least for xbox .
so you would expect them to do a pull ?
they did a hard pull vs soft which lowered my score 4 points according to credit karma .
does n't really change anything just be nice to not have that hard pull if it is n't supposed to be there .
i run a mega knight deck sometimes takes care of e-barbs perfectly could just use mega knight
just like we do n't actually know why specifically gravity happens .
we know it happens we can measure it we see it 's effect we just ca n't pinpoint a specific particle or reason for it https starchild.gsfc.nasa.gov/docs/starchild/questions/question30.html
said object '' instead of train car '' as to not put spoilers in the title in case anyone was wondering about the sort-of-weird phrasing ...
napa-aga kasi basa ko ng romance pocketbooks kaya nagkamalisya agad hehe .
if you want to see clear at long distances have the highest resolution you can support and anti aliasing on ultra if your pc can handle it and play on full screen
do n't do it ravens ... . do n't fire a harbaugh ... .trust me
others not so much which is troubling to say the least .
and uhh ... he drew his mother as r34 .
i ruined a friendship and am not sure if she 'll ever come back into my life .
i just want to snap text call or even write her a letter but i 'm not sure it 's the right time .
artifact power and legendaries are the counter argument to people want to grind ''
a lot of people have an atrocious thick accent .
most do n't even bother toning their accent down when learning english .
usually a person learns the accent of the language they are learning but apparently not them .
well i hope you find out one day what it 's like to have everything stolen from you .
posts like this make me want it to tank just to piss you right off .
you expected to make a shipload of cash immediately you bought at the wrong time for that to happen .
if i did n't use all my tissues cleaning up after watching my ltc go from 6 to 55 in a few months is offer you one .
they will do bundes last year it was lewa .
so thats why you alsoneed a team like bayern .
the video game company could issue rush patches with each notable mass shooting .
they could have contests too can ya beat the new record ? ? ?
i bet it could be a secret underground hit for everybody in the nra .
they would n't mention it on social media because they would n't want the world to know .
and eventually they could n't resist making a sub for it .
after that new shooting in boston i was high score for a full hour ! ''
older has money loud drinks takes care of herself tries to look good .
yeah he just chooses aric almirola over matt kenseth because he 's just busting with talent smh
not a dream job but i 'd be a pro gamer just so i could be the best at every game .
yeah i mostly prepare before hand by going through the pokedex and building my team to counter the elite 4
i think only in sun i winged it was fairly disappointed with half my choices
would always just switch to a 4-1-2-1-2 2 in game anyway
i do n't think there 's anything approaching a monolithic statement about religion and mbti types .
i think humans have a yearning for that something more out there and most have a strong belief in that something .
it is clear to me that this is part of being human .
to me as an infp i do n't think that demystifies anything .
i 'm intensely curious and amazed that we are here and behave like we do .
i rely heavily on asking myself what is most likely true ?
what is known about the world the data available from neuroscience the basic laws of physics all of that suggests to me that there is no free will and thus no meaningful reason to believe in a soul .
i do n't believe in an afterlife but i respect and understand people who do .
i do n't have a monopoly on the truth .
the data changes ... information evolves ... technology advances ... my opinion changes .
hey jennifer slow-pez get the hell out of the road !
this is a solid 2 day lineup you will not be dissapointned .
this does not mean that the finger was n't properly treated .
she would have a very hard time proving that the infection did n't originate post procedure at home enough if she followed instructions perfectly .
get her to a doctor for follow up/antibiotics if she has n't already been .
i 'm actually conflicted as to whether or not i want to downvote the thread to reduce schlub 's name from making the front page or entertain the question just to lay on hate .
an honest opinion to a less than honest question enjoy getting down voted .
i too wish they would just keep bugs in the game .
he beat matt when matt had been doing crossfit for s year .
i honestly think hq pays him to do team .
he claims he does n't have enough time yet if you look at social media he is spending just as much time as he did individual
i still cant listen to that last song from the anime without crying a little bit and still get emotional when thinking about it .
i hope he enjoys is as much as you and your wife has .
aim is worthless with lasers in the game registering a hit with only one tick of damage being dealt and heaven forbid if you want to test fire stuff on a hot map as it will bring your awesome aim down .
if you 're not rocking a das gherkin fc660c you 're wasting your life .
taxing so-called legitimate multinationals to death is n't entirely a bad thing since the larger ones are richer than even small first-world countries and have become too big to fail
if you have a big enough limit on coinbase for 4k then cb is fine .
ideally do a wire transfer to get your in and then buy instead of purchasing with ach as ach transfers take a week to clear .
um ... how exactly is horse racing only for rich people ?
there are also locals you can support in the melbourne cup many australian horses .
you know how in multiplayer games forums and anything where you have to create a username sometimes there are so many users your other preferred names are already taken ?
it 's partly that and partly that i do n't like using usernames with mispellings weird symbols numbers in the end or random letters .
in multiplayer games with many characters eventually i settled on a food theme .
could someone please elaborate on randall 's three questions at the end here ?
how is the induction step from say n 3 to n 4 even relevant if everyone knows there 's at least 99 blue eyed people ?
what is the quantified piece of information that the guru provides that each person did not already have ?
each person knows from the beginning that there are no less than 99 blue-eyed people on the island .
how then is considering the 1 and 2-person cases relevant if they can all rule them out immediately as possibilities ?
why do they have to wait 99 nights if on the first 98 or so of these nights they 're simply verifying something that they already know ?
it seems a lot of these people do n't live in the real world .
only when you play rageblade vayne which he does not
that made me want him to make an indepth daily report a few minutes long about how x game is like dark souls .
the driving alone makes hot pursuit better i do n't need a shit story and action driving '' to play a game .
hot pursuit was also in line with the games before underground it was a homage that actually respected and made a better game not a shitty cash grab like 2015 and payback .
the strict majority did n't even vote so it 's an even worse minority rule .
before you bring up the obvious only eligible voters count ! ''
let me point out that in norway you 'd have 75 of the eligible voters in a low-turnout year and at least 50 of the total population .
turnout in the us is abysmal and i suspect the 2 party system is to blame .
they did make one funny comment on r/starwars that put their comment score in the positive numbers .
season 1 is justifiably the worst season but i will say that for me it got better as it progressed .
but imagine our feelings when we returned for season 2 and got the crazy show we have now .
it was like discovering your dweeby classmate turned gorgeous over the summer .
i take it you did n't read any of the correspondence prior to the launch ?
excuse me but the best tank hero already has that
i have dedmond prince hood hardaway and dennis smith jr .
i 'm thinking about picking up seth curry which one of these guys do you think i should cut or can i even package them up for anyone ?
i can see that being an issue but not if you take extra precautions .
it should n't be too much of a problem .
nikolai astrup h i finanskomiteen mener løsningen for kommuner med hjørnesteinsbedrifter er å øke den generelle eiendomsskatten
atter en gang skal skatten økes på alle andre for at de rike skal ha det lettere
sorry but i had to remove your recent post on r/dirtysnapchat because your title did not comply with our official guidelines .
you can check out the guidelines here http www.reddit.com/r/dirtysnapchat/comments/1sacqa/must_read_how_to_format_your_post .
this is the proper way to format a title age r4r description
here is a tl dr checklist of what should be in your header
use only m f t a and r for tagging gender .
use around the r4r tag so it looks like r4r .
for multiple ages or letter tags only use 's so it looks like 21/21 mf4r .
if you are posting about r/dirtysnapchat in general please use a meta tag at the beginning of the subject .
please visit the submission page http www.reddit.com/r/dirtysnapchat/submit ? sidebar title=age r4r title to resubmit your post .
if you get an error message asking you to wait you must wait until the timer expires before posting again .
if you 're still having issues with your post please feel free to message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdirtysnapchat .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtysnapchat if you have any questions or concerns .
i like to go down there just for a wander around .
do n't buy any of the tat from there but then pop in to nics deli .
what 's the point of them scooping up the ice crushing it and then shooting it off the sides ?
most likely because that ice is too thin to hold apcs and mbts but they can swim or ride on the bottom .
future di-cockka that thing used to be tanky as hell back in msd cant wait for the even better version of it along with the future machine gun jeep
mkvenner trained to be a tree ninja before tanith was destroyed .
try 14 days late ... i get your point that these are first world problems and in the whole scheme of things having to wait is not the end of the world .
that said we all worked very hard to save a lot of money for this and it was promised to us on launch day .
this is a present for my 7-y/o son and he 's been looking forward to it for months .
wal-mart is n't the one that has to look him in the eyes and explain that he 's going to have to wait for his only birthday present yes that 's all we could afford .
so while i get your point it 's not helpful to have someone tell you to chill out .
i had a rep tell me yesterday that microsoft pushed back the launch to 11/30 like i 'm some kind of fool that has n't been following every bit of news on this .
how is it acceptable for a retailer to lie to their customers ?
hint it 's not ok. and like me a lot of people post their complaints on here in hopes that someone else had the same issue and was able to get it fixed .
yes we will live and yes this is n't really that important .
but to a kid this is a part of their life and 2 weeks is a long time to have to wait for something that was promised otherwise .
hahaha calm down i was simply replying to someone asking for a game with better water .
you look like jack osborne would have if he took some much coke he chemically lobotomised himself !
there is no daily hercule stage only the weekend one on glb
haha it probably is referring to the one i was reading a few days ago which was different but talking about the same person .
got woke as fuck on my 3 month acid binge .
kinda made me fucking hate the world that we live .
some how everyone became someone else 's job at some point .
made me think a lot about and i 'd say understand fully.. religion and it 's positive and negative impacts on life .
i 've thought a lot on how we are just like animals .
everyone is out to see what sort of mental disorders they have .
literally my ex gf says she diagnosed with ptsd and to my knowledge she 's never had a fucking grenade blow up in her ear ...
if you asked me i 'd say she 's just a lazy fuck..
but you know not every dog is an energetic mother fuck
also countless other things that i have a sort of new view on .
i did say earlier that i did n't play enough for my sample to be accurate lol .
as for the maps i know for a fact that i 've never played al bashrah invasion so it was probably one of the other two .
yes but you can get away with shorter cycles if your clothes are a bit dryer in the first place p
he 's literally there to push a button to start a film these days
i 'm kinda surprised anyone even has to do that .
once the schedule is established there 's no reason they could n't just be set them to run at a certain time .
im happy if he only communicates in glib gorbs for the rest of the show .
college students they do know mostly what are they doing .
until what age we should keep protecting youth people from their own decisions ?
at that age they are allowed to vote drink drive get married ... should they commit a crime their youth would no longer be consider a factor .
their lives wo n't be fucked over for a few exams .
i do n't think this is what you have but just in case my pedals are noisy with my new ish shoes .
i can reduce it by greasing the shoe sole where it contacts the pedal or by twisting my feet stops the noise for a few pedal strokes .
otherwise i vote for lace aglet if you have them or ball bearing you can replace the bearings in shimano pedals but if these are new maybe return them ? .
the question was what was your worst move and he reframed to what bothered him most .
looking for the idol and not finding it would be really frustrating so it could be a regret in that way .
especially if a situation comes up later where he needs the idol he might be looking back and beating himself up for not finding it .
alternatively he does n't want to admit to making a bad move .
considering that there are already collections and the current set of calling cards are labeled operation overlord '' i think you 're right
ehm ... she literally has a belt ... that 's how belts work ...
webzen is a fucking b league amateur hour company .
i know so many people not playing because of this exact situation
the central pollution control board cpcb said high moisture level in the air has trapped emissions from local sources and hanging low over the city in the absence of wind .
dipankar saha cpcb 's air lab chief told pti that air from neighbouring punjab and haryana where paddy stubble burning is in full swing is not entering the city as of now .
when it starts the situation is expected to deteriorate further .
the cpcb recorded 'very poor ' air quality in the national capital .
it 's probably either a non-historic gsg or even some other kind of strategy like stellaris is more of a 4x .
also i think there have been hints that chris king is working on something secret .
but they wo n't announce anything until they feel they 're at a point where they have something they feel comfortable showing and/or telling..
the people that use it are n't the kind that would ever say that shit in real life without armed guards .
so they backed out from what they said on blizzcon..
still i do n't think that 's more than enough '' to blame horde for being completely evil .
for example nobbel have some interesting and i thin quite plausible speculations what could have happened that would also explain saurfang 's behaviour .
i tried mobile data and it 's good but a bit more expensive .
i 'm not jewish but am so frustrated they want to cut those holidays .
there 's a huge jewish population in baltimore county schools and it 's not worth keeping those days open because so many students and teachers miss school .
at the hour of her third death she will usher in our coming .
this shit ... ... . we might actually circle back to sylvanas for this .
jumping off of icecrown getting shotgunned to the face and now let 's say she dies another time during one of the campaigns against the alliance ?
or his kids using government resources and influence to further daddy and their companies business holdings ?
traded hopkins for aaron rodgers the week he gets injured .
had tyler eifert for 1st te and houston defense .
did pick will fuller up off waivers to replace hopkins that was a good move but now with savage throwing to him im screwed .
no mainly because i grew out of having crushes '' in my mid teens .
there are certain friends of mine who i have to admit are fun to look at but being i have n't been single in a long time that just is what it is .
me to my gi doctor the norcos are n't really working well for me i need something stronger .
gi doc i can give you something stronger but there 's a very serious risk that you 'll end up addicted . ''
me i 'm willing to take that risk . ''
a year later and 200mcg/hr fentanyl patches 60mg oxycodone per day ...
this is why when i see an apocalypse movie where all humans die out i always wonder is it really that bad a thing ?
on a historical scale it 's not like we 've been around for long anyway
if i were a cop and saw this i 'd do it pro bono .
one of u/pepcok 's tweets helps you to know what we did in tokyo before getting to hiroshima
i 've had some binge eating issues and a keto diet only made things worse .
i watch a concreting channel on youtube and they say all palms have really annoying root systems .
is n't eraserhead the homeroom teacher at ua in my hero academia ?
i 've seen torts mad more than i 've seen my own face .
and that was maybe the angriest i 've seen him on the bench at an individual .
donate to postipate and chief wiggum if you like their work
i had to select letters with a 4-direction pad .
also stuart thought he was a part time goaltender so you 'd always know where he was too .
also it 's because you like him you ca n't conceive that he would ever possibly lie to you .
i hope you chose the path that causes you the least turmoil .
just remember there are plenty of single guys out there without the baggage he has .
i like to keep this account anonymous so i can say things like i 'm apathetic about piracy '' without publisher getting mad .
and also so i can trash-talk books i do n't like by people i would rather not offend because they could basically end me .
as a kentucky fan you have a lot more faith than me in uk right now .
because he averaged more than 17 of 23 centers .
he was comparatively better than his peers in creative ways .
your eyebrows remind me of a tree after it 's been broken by a tornado
we should get over the thought that street cars inconvenient motorists .
too many motor vehicles on the road cause gridlock .
one of my teachers always told us not to keep out phones close to our bodies so basically not to carry a cellphone at all .
i usually leve it on the table where my computer is when i 'm at work or at home .
the only time i carry it in my pocket is when i 'm walking cause i 'm not taking a bag or purse everywhere i go .
at least you guys have a head coach that knows how to call plays lol
no that was the one that was literally a bunch of trash and prom paraphenillia strewn everywhere that some hack called art
well ... .put a genesis controller in there and hope to hell you do n't hit a key on the keyboard while the dpad is depressed ... otherwise ... fried cia chip and then you will be sad
taking calc 2 but have n't taken calc 1 in ten years ?
i bought graviton lance from xur because what else am i gon na do with my shards and received 2 exotic drops after that both of which are also graviton lance .
imagine kids learning about the time our president went for a meeting did n't come back and no one missed him .
the crisis of capitalism refers to dilemmas in capitalism that are a result of capitalism .
cyclical unsolvable problems as they arise from the natural functions of capitalism .
whereas the crises is capitalism can be any number of individual problems that can arise but may be able to be solved while still under the capitalist system .
if this is the case then it 's gross negligence on their part for enabling his mental health issues by not referring him to a doctor .
yes it says in the article that they had a catholic priest do a ritual on him commanding the demons '' to be rid from his body .
it clearly would have just made things exponentially worse in my opinion .
it really is gross negligence a priest should know better .
i 've been terribly aware that my feelings about death are different than others .
little to no regret comes along with it since those things in the past ca n't be changed .
with the living a break up there tends to be some kind of emotion .
anger regret sorrow possibly because a reaction can still be made regarding that second person .
once you know humor the least attractive becomes the most attractive
love 's workings should be unrelated to those of politics .
but at the same time there 's nothing more political than deciding whom you mess with whose experiences you take on as your own .
it seems in every public context other than asian-american activism partnerships are factored unapologetically essentially into identity .
who did not point to melania 's plagiarism as a display also of trump 's inadequacy her immigrant status as contradictory to his nativist rhetoric ?
who does not view the bill aspect to clinton 's presidential run as significant a contribution to her identity as an insider ?
we talk about the social significance of michelle obama 's skin color darker than the president 's .
but in the meantime the rest of the world keeps turning if oculus does n't bring something to market others will and it may not be in the oculus ecosystem leaving other enthusiast platforms far more enticing to consumers .
you have to get more stoned to keep it going which of course makes it all the more entertaining .
this submission has been automatically removed because it comes from a domain that is deemed not appropriate/off-topic for r/politics
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
not trying to sound insensitive to what happened but i wonder who is responsible for it tho .
is this information kept/reported by actual airman or is this work done by civilian and/or contractors .
just bringing up this point because if it is done by contractors then this type of position would be the one of the first to go under defense budget cuts .
not that it makes it any better he definitely should n't have been able to purchase a weapon .
but it 's not like it was on purpose .
i 'm just pointing out how bad this team seems to be after they get our hopes up so high .
not like it would matter hundley ca n't fucking handle an nfl offense
you have n't spoken to many cops have you ?
you seem to have a very warped view of police perhaps because of confirmation bias due to the only stuff you hear about police being from this sub ?
seriously what 's more likely that someone that can give you a ticket decides not to give you a ticket because you 're nice or that he decides to beat you up because you 're not nice ?
why would a cop even attempt that while he knows he 's being filmed ?
hell let 's say a cop is likely to get carried away when stuff has already gotten physical but you got ta admit that a cop literally grabbing someone and start beating them up while on camera for no reason is stupid and unrealistic .
note that 's not to say it 's never happened just that it is infinitely more likely that he 'll just give you a ticket instead of letting you go with a warning given the context a traffic stop where the main thing for the driver is will he ticket me or give me a warning ? ''
right off the bat you say something wrong and foolish .
maybe some other things you think are true are wrong and foolish too .
it is not unheard of at state and local levels to have the parties shoot down a potential primary challenger during very critical races .
usually with the offer to really help out the hopeful in future races or to help get them elected in other offices .
the gop has gerrymandered the fuck out of districts and did shitloads of purging voter rolls .
then there was the supreme court getting rid of the voting rights act .
the repubs also closed down hundreds of polling places .
and then there was the russian meddling with social media .
and with all that hrc still won the popular vote by 3 million .
the republicans stole the bush v gore election and having gotten away with that they went for it again in this election .
is it 's battery safe to go on the plane ?
impossible to guess when you give no clue what kind of or size of battery it is .
https www.tsa.gov/blog/2013/06/11/travel-tips-tuesday-safely-packing-batteries-your-trip as you 'll see their regulations are very straightforward .
me neither good game but the story and voice acting was like a syfy movie .
u look like u should n't be allowed within 50 yards of any school
so we 're doing the miss every shot strategy .
and when you graduated how was the job market and how do you think it is now for new graduates ?
edited to add what type of education would you recommend for this career ?
i 'm only up by 1 in a full ppr league
do n't talk shit about the samsung emojis i just made the galaxy to iphone switch and i miss them so much
next time plz put this in the newbie thread .
i would be fucking furious if i was behind the guy with the safety light on his helmet .
after your second time do you still get any shadow ban so far ?
its not like you change camo very often so 125ish mc is worth it for me .
i 'd bring back education about guns in school and i 'd work on removing the stigma about mental health treatment .
people need to feel free to get help with their problems before they go nuclear .
i would also encourage economic policies that favor better education overall particularly focusing on job training .
people who are well-educated and employed do n't typically give into despair and rage .
i 'd just make citizens more responsible and empowered .
what i am taking away from your post is that the risk/return ratio is not good enough to invest in crypto but how can you know what the return is going to be on such a new asset class ?
i 'm looking at it from a pure portfolio management perspective nothing to do with personal risk levels or if it 's the right thing .
i 've not discussed the risk return of crypto at all only the impact of diversification .
it might be worth reading the maths beyond modern portfolio theory .
your comment reminds me of the exo episode of jyp 's party people .
when jyp brought up the scenario of exo eventually dating the women in the audience made a resounding noooo '' noise .
then jyp asked the women something to the effect of do n't you want to see them happy ? ''
i thought it was funny how they are in the same position and the coat looks similar .
i mean people can change names in real life .
i do n't think people should be able to change thier names once a year .
those obviously would be balanced but something like that is a possibility .
hannelore is so sick of her mom 's shit i love it .
even if you 're in the sticks and own your own property i 've heard of cases where cops do n't give a fuck and head in anyway and the da finds a loophole later or they scare the arrestee into submission and a plea deal .
if there 's a bullshit law there 's a bullshit way .
you said this in another thread and you are wrong .
if tax reform does n't pass then nothing changes and we continue with the current system .
with the current system we have had a strong bull market and would likely continue with a bull market .
bills not passing are n't going to have much effect on the market .
i went to a stripclub with a pregnant girl dancing
edit why 'd i get downvoted lol this was when you had to pay 75g for a green ward and 125g for a pink ward
in theory they could roll back the point gains for matches where a player used mal'damba or even full rollback for players that used it a lot .
when someone went almost all the way to gm just by abusing the bug they deserve it .
that looks like a better diet than half the healthy toddlers i 've known .
my kid who fell off bottom of the weight chart by 2 did n't eat a fraction of this .
our pediatric dietician had us withhold fruits and prescribed potato chips to get his fat and calorie intake up .
if you are feeding him 2-3 cups of full fat yogurt he should be getting enough dairy .
if you still want to increase it maybe try a few different cheeses string cheese is usually popular .
but milk or dairy is n't necessary at all my dairy allergic kid could n't have it and is fine .
maybe try soymik or almond milk it 's sweeter and a good source of calcium though not fat .
others will not often in the same family with the same feeding practices .
i 'm not convinced the parents have much influence here no matter how many say it worked for me ! ''
do n't give up entirely and most of them will eat their veggies sooner or later .
if you are concerned about his diet maybe consult an actual dietician .
remember that the definition of junk depends on context .
potato chips are just potatoes salt and an acceptable oil .
that 's health food in the context of a diet too low in fats and calories .
my food averse toddler is now a foodie teen with a diverse and healthy diet he 's still skinny and potato chips are still a dietary staple .
i 'm more interested in the fact that according to starz godzilla vs. megalon is in the criterion collection
and for some reason that made me spontaniously come up with a story
living under the sea unbeknown to men are wee creatures who call themselves the n'arn .
n'arn are much like men themselves they build cities and work metal much like we do .
of course there is one difference the n'arn do not make their own electricity they mine for it for the n'arn discovered long ago the veins that crisscross the oceans veins of seemingly infinite power from which they could siphon the energies needed to light their cities .
men would scratch their heads and wonder at mysterious shorts and breaks and the n'arn would scratch their heads and wonder at the meaning of the strange symbols 'transatlantic cable 15'
i keep getting buffalo error aka bungie says i need to run d2 through battle.net app and force shutdown .
yes i 'm running it through battle.net app and yes i do n't close the app while playing .
hey ... did anyone say that banks loan money to people who can repay yet ?
i ca n't even believe that is an option it is so stupid .
he guarded klay pretty well in the finals two years ago
calling tesla the apple of the auto industry is an insult to apple .
apple products are expensive because they have hundreds of stores and over 100k apple store employees .
you can walk in and get your phone fixed or replaced in 15 minutes .
tesla has people waiting 6 months for a body panel .
dark souls is very difficult the first time you play it because of bad habits players have picked up from other games .
most games are designed around allowing the failure of the player significantly slow down progress .
dark souls difficulty is in large part due to the player .
if you try to push forward or rush at all you 'll die and get set back .
the results in the player wanting to rush more and thus loops .
if you take the game slowly it can be a far different experience .
i remember watching a first-time player beat the game .
he did n't even die to o s beat them in one try .
the fact is he was just cautious built himself to survive and it made the game far easier for him .
and her life dream of being a stripper has just been shattered .
you have it wrong korean attacker has ability to enhance noise from gadgets and korean defender that toggles invisibility to drones .
read how the leak is laid out at first this is what i thought but then it was other way around .
this is how the best chess engines work though ...
it is n't simplistic or not state of the art if you 're able to brute force the game tree then you probably should .
go engine used neutral networks in a way that more closely resembles intuition than number crunching .
it used neural networks as a heuristic but it still simulated games as a way of calculating moves .
i like it because it harkens back to those carefree days of the 90s and in particular those monday evening lineups of friends father ted and i want to say do n't feed the gondolas friends especially always lived inside a little bubble and just made silly feel-good jokes
made lineker look like an amateur and won a decisive decision against assuncao
and there 's an looking for group reddit try it out
when was the last time you heard a politician admit to being wrong ?
even when they are obviously so they will skirt around it .
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required tags .
please check the sidebar r/samplesize/about/sidebar for information about tagging your submission properly .
if you have included one of the listed tags please make sure you have spelled it correctly and used the proper brackets .
in addition please make sure you include the demographic of the survey in parentheses at the end of the title as the title guidelines state and check that your post abides by the other guidelines as well .
if you are having problems resubmitting your survey you can always submit a text post aka self-post '' and include your link in the body text .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/samplesize if you have any questions or concerns .
this is crying over petty insignificant shit in the grand scheme of vr things .
so if you should be downvoting anyone it 's dumbasses that claim they refunded because a game got delayed .
quote from the same guy on steam refund it .
let them know they cant do this nonsense . ''
trying to convince someone else to be as pathetic as he is .
i stumbled over here after reading elle beau 's blog .
i thought i was the only person in the world who thought the ‘liquid gold ' foundation was utter shit .
does any game let you cross party with people on the pc ?
so i guess you do n't own any console multiplayer games
i love the memes but let 's not go copying others .
you need to get the exact position the field pos here-below of the stack x and z y is always 0 then look for it in your savefile .
i 'd already been spoiled on twitter earlier in the day about the ending but i was still irritated for everyone who had n't been .
i kept reporting all of their comments and they just kept re-posting it .
notice that there is no answer or even interaction to this post .
these people have almost childlike views of how the military works the fact that the military does what the elected civilian leadership tells it to do or the fact that in war you have to ... . ohmygosh kill the enemy !
spoiler s he did not choose any of the girl and they left the matter unsolved for further .
what pisses me off is that they just left out all the tension and both girls are looking happy the way it 's ended . ''
as a west ham supporter you 'd think that it could n't get worse .
it 's been a tough two years for the hammers .
if you see the screenshot i sent if you un tick the show notification for that group it wo n't show on the notification bar and aod for that group only .
or for any groups where you un tick that option .
the fluke meter would probably be more accurate but nothing you would actually notice .
do n't quote me on that i 'm just using it as an example to show the difference is negligible .
the kill a watt meter says it 's 0.2 accurate which is perfectly fine for what you 're trying to do .
the clamp on meter would require you do measure the current on just the hot line so you 'd have to take the receptacle apart or measure in side your panel which makes the kill a watt meter a much easier choice .
just because you put capiche '' at the end of your post doesnt make you witty or funny .
if you 're making that much money and you 're still having money issues then you 're having spending issues and you need to scale back your life .
most american dramas would be better with only 8-10 episodes
when she does n't work you 'll have to hit her hard
i also do n't know if maybe its anxiety too .
i have no interest in dating as well and don t know if that 's anxiety or i 'm aromantic or what ...
that 's why political parties are illegal in some countries .
politicians are welcome to group together as an informal association with like values but the party machinery is banned .
if there was existing proof '' he would n't be president anymore .
there is a difference between evidence '' and proof '' .
and every week the evidence seems to get a tiny bit stronger .
do you understand the difference between evidence and proof ?
but do n't insult me for drawing obvious conclusions with the abundantly available evidence .
there 's too much body shaming out there so where i can i like to spread some positivity .
you just focus on being the best you you can .
while i am very well versed in kinks and such i 'm sure there is something out there i have n't tried .
i have to unsubscribe from free folk and rick and morty in the offseason it 's just not worth it
imagine how attractive raiding naxx40 becomes if you can transmog that shit on live
and how attractive selling boost runs would become sadly v
the problem is the boring mission design save 20 people '' make 3 missions of type x '' do 5 missions of type y '' and so on .
the characters of one group are much so equal and have certain disadvantages .
he 's saying he does want to get emotional with them not just fuck them .
edit i also said op correct me if i 'm wrong '' not guy i do n't agree with come back with some bullshit . ''
well there is a picture of a bee on the box .
i 'm just curious not interested in purchasing it .
a knight would be good for the realm to have and of the ones left she does seem a good candidate .
and that way she 'd still have her earth moves .
could even have her sbs be earth like ingus and meliadoul .
her relics would be hammers i assume though hopefully she 'll have access to other things too and not end up like cid iv .
riot should invest more on her death animation since that 's all you 're going to see below plat.﻿
the airforce did n't enter his disciplinary actions to the fbi database .
had they done what they were supposed to do the background check would n't have come back okay and he would n't have been able to go through with the purchase .
regardless how he purchased by law he still can not own or be in possession of firearms .
if the government ca n't uphold existing gun control should we expect them not to be able to uphold more redundant gun control laws ?
a motive perhaps the main motive for the us to ramp up tension with the dprk arm sales of things like thaad to japan and to distort the politics of us client state rok galvanising support for thaad amongst puppets in seoul .
he is a different commenter to the one who talked about silicon .
i recently bought the cooler master masterbox lite 3.1 tg from newegg .
before receiving the package the price went 20 off so i rma 'd the package but then realized i could talk to customer service and just get a price match instead of returning the unopened case and buying at the new price..
i am 80 done with building in the case and there are just so many things that i dislike .
it seems to have terrible airflow i already have a toasty 970 .
and having no psu shroud is rather unnerving to be honest .
so now after opening the case and experiencing it i am dissatisfied and want to rma but i 'm feel like i 'm going to get denied a return or just laughed at after literally canceling a return last night .
edit i decided to keep the case make a custom psu shroud .
maybe use the money for aio depending on how my gpu preforms in the closed case .
i have been using the simple-salesforce package to interact with the salesforce webservices api .
i want to know how to find my api usage and limits but ca n't seem to figure out the right commands .
here is the documentation https media.readthedocs.org/pdf/simple-salesforce/latest/simple-salesforce.pdf and the github repository https github.com/simple-salesforce/simple-salesforce .
soooo there 's this girl that i follow on fb for sheer entertainment and out of curiosity .
she 's a green level i believe and she 's super dedicated to younique but yet still appeals to normal people .
she makes those dumb engagement statuses like what 's everyone 's favorite food ?
she also gets tons of likes and views on her videos and even quite a few shares .
she seems to genuinely love younique and the product and honestly her makeup always looks great and she even managed to make that horrendous anniversary palette look decent .
she was into makeup before younique i think so she actually has skill .
anyway she also went on that punta cana trip and stayed in the presidential suite .
basically what i 'm saying is it seems like she 's successful .
but ... . is it possible to even be successful ?
if you 're successful in y does that mean you 've spent a ton of your own money even if you have actual customers ?
obviously i think younique is awful for a multitude of obvious reasons but i 'm just genuinely curious .
he just has to become a starter from now on .
a 22 year old cb this mature and cool headed he 's only gon na get better with age and time .
and he 's already at the same level at luiz luiz has better technique and owns the striker but commits too many mistakes when not on his game .
seriously we just can not let this guy go one of the best i 've seen at 22 yo .
he is good enough and needs to start over luiz .
sorry if i am missing something basic relatively new to iota but i made a withdrawal from bitfinex and the block explorer shows the balance as 0i .
my wallet also shows a 0i transfer in the history .
i have 28,5k blues now and saw that chromas are available for 2k .
students especially grad students are among the hardest hit https www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/11/7/16612288/gop-tax-bill-graduate-students by the gop 's proposed tax bill .
by ending tuition waivers some students would see a tax rate hike of 240 https drive.google.com/file/d/1e3oik8ao9f_ul98z5ciekha1v5e9azzb/view .
find your congressperson 's number https www.callmycongress.com and let them know how important opposing this bill is to you .
if you 'd like a script mit students put this together https drive.google.com/file/d/17m-spbypj3tk_oiffz3rllpqhnk16f-t/view specifically for phd students and make 5 calls https 5calls.org/issue/tax-cuts-job-act has a more general script about the overall transfer of wealth contained in the plan .
so i have been working at this company for few years now .
so there is this female colleague of mine who joined the company around same time as i joined .
she is a very pretty girl but i never paid much attention to her nor did i interact much with her i am already in a relationship and did not bother anyway .
also me and her are the top performers in our team and we frequently get recognition and awards .
so one day after we moved to the open cubicle structure she started a conversation and she was nice to me .
i liked her gesture and wanted to reciprocate but did n't get the guts to talk to her for quite sometime .
i have always been nerdy and find it quite hard to talk to girls .
so after sometime i do take some stupid reason and talk .
she would talk and after a week or so i talk to her .
of late she has been me giving me the cold shoulder .
i see she talks with everyone else in the team but ignores me .
so much so if she see me coming in a corridor she takes u turn .
so i got bothered by this and started ignoring her too .
can you please help how do i fix this situation ?
tl dr colleague f at work ignores me for no clear reason and my productivity at work is decreasing .
hi i am currently a licensed massage therapist and have been considering attending university of bridgeport 's college of chiropractic .
i love working hands-on with people and being able to help them through touch however i feel like i will burn out fairly quickly with massage .
i 've been practicing for over 2 years and i try to use proper body mechanics as best i can but i feel over time it is going to take a toll on my joints .
i would love to take my practice to the next level by becoming a dc but am a little scared whether it will be worth the money .
i think i would want to specialize in pediatrics and pregnancy so i am hoping it wo n't be as tough on my body as massage therapy .
i have a dream of partnering with my best friend who is becoming a certified nurse midwife where we can open a birth center and i can have my own office there for chiropractic .
so i guess i 'm just asking how you feel chiropractic work has affected your body ?
i am hoping to make alot more money as a dc how realistic is that goal ?
any feedback opinions or words of advice/widsom is greatly appreciated !
i have a pretty low back dress and i am wondering what in the world i should wear as far as shape wear or lingerie goes .
is it even worth trying to seek out something to wear ?
or should i just roll with an adhesive bra ?
i 'm software engineering student and i have to do some project for multithreaded programming course .
i can do anything i want so i decided it would be nice to do something with ml but ... is there anything a beginner both ml beginner and threading can do with machine learning ?
i 've read a few of the sidebar post and this all seems a little overwhelming .
when i first started it seemed simple but the more i read it seems the more i need to look out for to the point that im questioning if i even started eating right ?
how much water should i be drinking ? i 'm currently drinking 50oz a day as i get thirsty .
i 'm a 300lb 6'1 27 m and i 'm not understanding this at all each calculator gives me a different set of macros .
when will i know when i go into ketosis ?
i 'm only a few days in but reading about people plateauing in week 1 and not losing weight for a few weeks has kind of scared me given the idea that when i started it seemed to take place within the first week ?
below is what i 've eaten the last few days .
and portobello mushroom lasagna no pasta/carbs w tomatoes and a bunch of cheese .
i keep hearing that even the type of cheese i get is important ?
i 'm sort of having a small panic attack about this lol .
i am visiting spain for 10 days from 11/17-11/26 .
female and will be traveling with a friend also female .
the plan is to spend 2 days in madrid 3 days in seville maybe a day trip to cordoba or granada then 2 days in lisbon portugal and then back to madrid before flying out .
the plan is to travel with 1 carry-on and a backpack and keep a fold-able duffle bag for the return trip and any shopping i do .
1 with this highly ambitious travel plan what are some things we absolutely can not miss ?
2 with the highly variable temperatures between 30f-65f what should i pack ?
we are planning on siteseeing and also going to a few clubs and bars .
i am particularly confused about what to wear at clubs with such little packing space
3 what should i definitely pick up in spain to bring back with me ?
so far i am thinking leather boots purse and a wallet .
where are the best places to go to pick up presents for home ?
absolutely fine if the razor is n't in perfect cosmetic condition but it absolutely has to be perfectly functional with the dials and the closing mechanism .
wanting to pay around 40 aud depending on condition for the slim .
i 'm currently studying circuits and need a channel that covers the kirchoff 's laws mesh law nodal analysis and all of that stuff very well .
my lecturer does n't teach it quite well so i 've got to do it on my own any suggestions would be appreciated .
camouflage jäger 's ads on the bombs they already have lots of flashing lights unaware enemies will probably not see them .
i do use stereo sound and headphones i was hearing some guy with a vehicle and i was 100 convinced he was infront of me i even checked behind me and suddenly 5 sec later he rams me from behind w t f ?
its not even the first time it happens maybe 50th..
with monster hunter becoming a playable character in mvci in mind .
soundcloud 's free account only allows so much time to be on there so we have to only have the latest episode if you want to catch up you can download them here .
sorry we 're 2 days late gog who was doing the editing got stuck with no internet for a few days
at the previous oic summit in 2022 pakistan won an unopposed bid to host the upcoming islamic solidarity games https www.reddit.com/r/globalpowers/comments/7axk9h/diplomacy_2022_oic_summit/dpdm1g6 in islamabad .
today the pakistan sports board has unveiled their plan for the upcoming games .
the event will take place over the course of ten days in april 2025. and will feature the currently existent venues used by the pakistan sports university https www.reddit.com/r/globalpowers/comments/7ad1cm/event_pakistan_establishes_sports_university_in .
with up to 54 nations participating it is set to be one of the biggest sporting events in the region .
the event will take place after the completion of a number of mass transit https www.reddit.com/r/globalpowers/comments/7alqip/event_pakistan_begins_construction_of_mass and road infrastructure https www.reddit.com/r/globalpowers/comments/7assl4/event_retro_pakistan_road_infrastructure_update projects across the city .
the gandhara international airport https www.reddit.com/r/globalpowers/comments/7b0uhf/event_pakistan_unveils_ambitious_plan_to_bolster in islamabad currently at an annual capacity of 26 million passengers per annum is said to be more than adequate to handle the influx of athletes and attendees from across the islamic world .
the nation 's flag carrier is considering the option of operating special flights with its fleet of extended and long range jets .
attending athletes estimated to range around 6000 to 8000 will be accommodated at the pakistan sports university dormitories as well in hotels across the city .
cloud save resumes right where i left off on my phone .
i just ended the anime few days ago and i want to continue knowing about the story .
i saw people recommending to read the ln and others wb so i 'm pretty confused what 's the difference between both ?
also if i start with either of those should i read it from the start or where the anime ended ?
i want to know which chapter it is please .
i am a graphic designer with extensive experience in logo design .
contact me if you need a unique modern logo .
so the main problem aiui is that sometimes one or more of the microphones fails .
is there any good app to test all of the microphones individually and make sure they 're all in fully working order ?
can anyone record me a few samples from each mic so i can verify the expected/correct volume/quality levels ?
any other hardware issues that should be tested for before accepting the phone as mint+working condition ?
hello guys i hope this does n't come off as low key transphobic because that 's certainly not the case .
anyhow i 'm in many facebook trans groups and people tend to post pics of themselves in this safe environment asking whether they pass .
the overwhelming majority in these groups do n't yet the responses by others are all affirming anyway .
my question is if say 100 trans people transitioned of multiple ages how many will eventually cis pass ?
personally i think the number is very low like 10 based on my experience with facebook groups .
i am not referring to me in personal but to a girl i hooked up with from tinder .
we met on tinder clicked on our first date then hooked up 2 times .
next time we met she mentioned that she met a guy on tinder who asked her to be exclusive after their first or second date forgot which .
he was looking for a serious relationship with her .
she accepted but told him she wants to see where it goes .
note that she has never been in a relationship before .
in fact i was shocked because she told me before she did n't want to be in one .
this is when she told me that we should stop seeing each other because he does n't want her to see other guys while they 're dating .
i just got lucky in meeting her because we planned our meeting before she met him .
the guy even told her not to drink alcohol with me 'cause it might lead to us hooking up .
anyway i was supposed to treat her on my birthday in the upcoming weeks .
she cancelled on me because the guy did n't want to .
bummer 'cause to be honest i liked her too .
i enjoyed our time together and then poof it 's now gone in an instant .
now my question is is this normal behavior to be exclusive after one date especially since 1-2 dates seems a bit too fast ?
does this scream control freak '' or is it perfectly acceptable ?
just add the bots http steamcommunity.com/id/alexlevelupservice http steamcommunity.com/id/alexlevelup2 http steamcommunity.com/id/alexlevelup3 http steamcommunity.com/id/alexlevelup4 as a friend and use next commands buying cards ! buy amount of keys in order to buy sets for an desired amount of keys .
! level desired level calculates how many sets and keys it takes to reach a desired level .
! check this command checks how many sets you can buy .
the bot accepts all keys what will you receive after badge craft ?
100xp to your steam level 1 profile background 1 emoticon 5 friend list spaces for every level gained 1 showcase per 10 level 's gained 1 discount coupon
a brass cog factorio o '' keychain would genuinely make my life better justsayin .
added if my wife had a pair of panties with the cog printed on the back i would have enough kids to compress a blue belt ...
i have 420 notes saved to icloud and frequently when accessing them through ios the app freezes crashes or i get the pin wheel for 15-20 secs .
i 'm using an iphone 6s plus and an ipad air running ios 11.2 but both show similar results and have done since before the ios 11 betas became available so i do n't consider the os to be the issue .
is this likely to be a weak spot in icloud ?
i migrated my notes to bear which shows no signs of lag or crashes .
i just find it bizarre compared to the us political situation in the past few decades that a constitutional amendment had such overwhelming support but was then readily repealed in less than two decades .
how and why was the us congress and the several states so eager to establish prohibition and why was there a relatively sudden reversal ?
i 've been wondering if it 's worth to keep playing the game with masteries being removed and rune pages 6300 be being the only way to pimp champions now .
anyone know how much be is coming out of the level up capsules ?
with the recent rise of the confederates i feel as though there should be a defender to them .
it seems that they will try and take over the usa and we just can not let that happen .
i will defend the citizens of america from these confederates .
hey everyone so my girlfriend is trying to gift me a signed jefferson jersey .
however the jersey she received from nfl shop is a 21 jefferson jersey .
i see that he was supposed to wear 21 so i get why they 're 21 but i was wondering if they also sell his jersey with 23 since webb still wears 21 .
she 's already asked for a reship thinking the first one was an error but the second one was 21 as well .
sorry if this post is all over the place and possibly confusing .
first time submitting from mobile and i was never a good writer in the first place .
i had a gf of 2 years who always had a problem with it because she ca n't and do n't want to imagine short babies and we do n't look good together she 's 5'2 ft .
how do you make yourself more appealing despite the lack of height ?
! buy amount buys 17x sets for each whole key you enter .
! buytf amount buys 15x sets for each whole key you enter .
! buygems amount enter how many sets you want to buy in exchange for gems .
! sellcheck shows the amount of sets you have which the bot can buy from you
! sellgems amount sells your sets in exchange for gems .
! rate shows the current rate for both buying and selling .
! level amount shows you how many sets you need for specified level .
i 'm also selling 2 tickets to the dartmouth hockey game this friday .
im selling the grey adidas uncaged ultraboosts size 9 1/2 for 130 obo
right now the meta is pretty tolerable and i would say not nearly as annoying as it used to be .
nerds ruined d1 and that 's why i just want you guys to here me out .
scouts are the most prominent in the team-shot style of destiny 2 and that 's fine it encourages communication and teamwork .
rather than nerfing them we should buff the other two weapons that can be actually used in similar ranges pulse rifles and hand cannons .
hand cannons are good as far as damage is concerned but their bloom at least on console is gigantic .
reduce this significantly and they should see more play .
pulse rifles used to be oppressive in d1 and gave a lot of flinch .
however in d2 slow/mid firing pulse rifles do n't do nearly enough damage to justify their rof .
a small damage buff to high rof pulse rifles would be nice too .
grenade launchers power grenade launchers are rather mediocre in both pve and pvp .
a significant damage buff and/or blast radius buff would be nice .
also to remote detonation grenade launchers like the fighting lion because they are not supposed to be one shot because that would be op as an energy weapon rather take enemies to half health and significantly increase blast radius .
shotguns also used be the meta for almost a year .
since they are power weapons now though i feel their range should be buffed a bit to potentially be compared to a fusion rifle .
striker alright here 's where the only nerf is going to happen and that 's to titan pulse grenades .
they are honestly not that bad in my experience but they are by far the best grenade in the game .
i think reeling them in by reducing how fast they pulse would be a solid way to not nerf them too hard .
sentinel and by extension nightstalker voidwall feels underwhelming in pve and enemies can easily walk out of it higher than half health .
i would say just increase the width of the flame and that should make it more effective .
both of the other sentinel grenades kinda suck damage-wise pve so damage buffs here would be good too .
voidwalker axion bolt one of the lowest damaging grenades in the game even though you can literally take super energy and make it stronger .
a pve buff to both initial and charged damage would be very nice and also a small increase in blast radius .
barely do anything in pvp other than annoy you enemies and can barely take out a dreg in pve .
major damage buffs here should be able to take off shields in pvp and shields off of a knight in pve/take out groups of vandals .
dawnblade arguably the worst subclass in the whole game will be revisiting this later not helped by its low-damaging grenades except solar
firebolt and fusion as a matter fact all stickies suck now should both get some damage buffs .
the class that somehow manages to have both some of the best and worst grenades in the game .
alright right off the bat all arcstrider grenades are trash .
major damage buffs to all of them in pve .
thank you to u/drface007 for doing full grenade damage analytics which can be found here .
for some reason bungie does n't like the solar subclasses .
dawnblade increase projectile speed of shots and range before they start being affected by gravity .
gunslinger reduction of incoming damage like all other supers edit at least in pve
only other thing i would change is the fact that strikers apparently turn into sonic the hedgehog when they pop super .
if you want to add anything else feel free to do so !
took me an hour to research and write all of this so i may have missed stuff .
edit forgot to mention one thing what happened to supers not one-shotting other supers ?
i thought this was supposed to be gone in d2 .
what do u guys think is the main reason for shunning faders in your experiences do u think it had been enforced enuf or has the message fallen on deaf ears .
how eager r the uber dubs to follow thru on shunning
i had to upgrade/install virtualbox 5.1.30 and then i had to reconfigure my user for db2 and then i had to remigrate everything .
leaving this up in case someone has a similar error after the recent updates .
i have n't had any issues running this in almost a year .
it last ran successfully 9/30/2017 and i had n't touched any code since then until today .
now virtual box does n't seem to want to start .
it wo n't run from the cli when i do vagrant up and it also wo n't run the oracle virtualbox app if i search for it and try to run it directly .
stderr vboxmanage.exe error the virtual machine 'homestead-7 ' has terminated unexpectedly during startup with exit code 1073741819 0xc0000005
edit 1 for the record doing a destroy and up again did n't change anything
edit 2 possibly an issue with the 3d acceration and windows creator update from october 2017 .
this is the best tl dr i could make original https www.redstate.com/neil_stevens/2017/11/07/breaking-historic-democrat-wave-wiping-virginia-gop reduced by 48 .
the polls have closed in virginia and what we 039 re seeing is a bloodletting of the republican party of a kind unseen in a generation .
republican candidate for virginia governor ed gillespie pauses while speaking with reporters after voting at his polling place tuesday nov. 7 2017 in alexandria va. gillespie faces democrat lt. gov .
ed gillespie and the virginia gop needed the polls to be wrong but the polls were right .
the way the returns are coming in it 039 s a complete wipe out for the republican party .
the republicans have held the house of delegates since the 1999 election completed the post-1994 conversion of the state to being a republican state .
according to decision desk republicans have already lost 11 seats putting the democrats at least at 45 votes .
summary source http smmry.com/https www.redstate.com/neil_stevens/2017/11/07/breaking-historic-democrat-wave-wiping-virginia-gop faq http autotldr.io 239794 summaries so far . ''
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords republican 1 polls 2 gillespie 3 virginia 4 democrat 5
post found in r/politics http np.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/7bi6xu/historic_democrat_wave_wiping_out_virginia_gop r/virginiapolitics http np.reddit.com/r/virginiapolitics/comments/7bicwz/breaking_historic_democrat_wave_wiping_out r/wayofthebern http np.reddit.com/r/wayofthebern/comments/7bieno/breaking_historic_democrat_wave_wiping_out and r/worldpolitics http np.reddit.com/r/worldpolitics/comments/7bi64o/breaking_historic_democrat_wave_wiping_out .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic .
please do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
maybe except some aggro players but i hate it even as an aggro player because i 'm now not allowed to play anything slower .
let us look at another formerly unfun deck aegis haven and what cygames did to it .
the win condition had no neutral counter when it was introduced .
assuming no chip damage the earliest it could win was turn 11 .
only grinder control decks like control dirt rune and pre-wd control blood .
in return it autolost to control and combo decks with faster win conditions like seraph haven and yes dshift .
it had an exodia-style interaction with test of strength during totg .
this interaction was erased at the start of wd due to being unfun and ‘oppressive ' at low ranks even though this combo actually lowered its winrate in aa and masters .
one of its supporting cards snow white was given a pre-emptive nerf on july 2017 even though the playrate and winrate data did n't justify it .
ca n't remember if grimnir was used in aegis haven but if so he counts too .
was finally given a neutral counter in sl mr. full moon .
in hindsight probably the only reason i complained so much about aegis was that i was playing noob decks with no real wincon back then in c-b ranks .
the win condition has no neutral counter to this day .
it has a sub-50 winrate though it is getting rather close to 50 this expansion .
assuming no chip damage it can win on turn 6 under ideal conditions turn 7 on average .
and now it is so fast that it is autowinning midrange too !
now it is so good at controlling the board and so fast that it stands a chance against aggro .
it is an exodia-style deck by its very nature but dshift ca n't be reworked without killing its spirit .
neither dshift nor its supporting cards have been touched by pre-emptive nerfs .
even though last round 's of nerfs showed a high enough winrate playrate despite an aggro-heavy environment which should have raised red flags .
and i do n't buy the ‘low winrate ' part of the no-nerf justification because snow white ouroboros and grimnir were nerfed despite not having the winrate to justify it at the time .
still no neutral counter for 6 seasons after its introduction !
even though sl should have been an excellent time to introduce one .
so unless someone on the dev nerf team loves dshift i have no idea why they gut some unfun decks but not this king of unfun decks .
if they do n't nerf it or prematurely restrict/ban it by the end of the month even if the winrate still does n't exceed 50 then they should really do so or give it a neutral tech for control decks to use just before rotations set in otherwise unlimited is going to be a dshift vs aggro fest like the ladder is now and may devolve into just dshift if further support tools make it even faster than aggro .
i 'm not saying that those nerfs were unwarranted .
i 'm saying that with that as a precedent winrate should no longer be the sole deciding factor in future nerfs but rather account for what the next op deck could be .
i 'm curious if anyone has had to replace the stock charger with an aftermarket one ?
there is literally no historical evidence that the ark of the bible was ever built or existed .
the titanic was doomed not because it was structurally unsound but because of human operational error .
so a better metaphor is the wright flyer was built by amateurs the de havilland comet was built by professionals .
the comet was the world 's first commercial jetliner that kept breaking up in flight because of fatigue concentrations at the corners of its truly square windows which is why all commercial jetliners have rounded windows now .
invigorate too much risk for too little gain for too little time .
25 chance of failure to get ab25 attack boost ?
ironclad a 50 defence boost for a turn does n't sound all that much better than default .
in conjunction with arcanist it is essential but as a single ability is is very bad .
i 've been trying to reduce my anterior pelvic tilt but ca n't figure out how to position my back when doing things like finding a neutral spine in pilates or a flat back for hollow body holds .
depending on how i lie down often i feel like i lie on my sacrum first then either tilt my pelvis either forwards or back because it 's a bumpy spot .
and does flattening my back mean tilting my pelvis forward ?
okay so what if two people are driving in a car the driver is 18 with a permit not on hand and the passenger is the car owner who has been drinking .
they end up slipping off the road due to conditions and the passenger tells the driver that when questioned to claim the passenger also the owner of the car was driving .
they tell that story then later on the 18 year old with the permit comes out and tells the officers that they were driving .
in this situation no one got hurt and there were no damages to any person or property .
what will the 18 yr. old permit holder most likely be charged with .
do you remember a movie scene that took your breath away because of a character 's makeup ?
i do n't mean sexy or beautiful more like now i believe in magic '' .
1 are xrp held by ripple labs 60bln circa ?
2 are the xrp currently freely exchanged around the world 38bln ?
3 are 55bln xrp going to be sold each month starting january 2018 up to a max of 1bln a month and the unsold xrp put back into the queue i.e .
5 if answer to 4 is yes does this mean that 60bln held by ripple labs 55bln escrow 5bln are being held by ripple labs ?
6 i read that joel katz will use xrp to provide hedging for banks that would not want to incur into much volatility risk .
is ripple labs going to provide financial institutions hedge by using these 5bln xrp they hold ?
solace new york will be hosting dmytro chumak for a master class '' in weightlifting chumak will be assisted by heather farmer the course will be nov 18 19 2-6pm and will cover technical analysis corrective exercise to implement programming concepts 4 week base program included ! !
message here or call solace new york to sign up today !
the 2004 pontiac aztek had trouble turning over and when it did turn over the battery rapidly drained .
does anyone have an idea as to what might be wrong or to where i might bring it to have it diagnosed ?
the local repair shop could n't identify the problem .
this is complicated by the fact that the suv has been sitting fallow for a couple years .
you have 6 slots in your boss only travel pedal board and each slot only fits a standard boss pedal so no dd500 or anything .
and you only have 400 to spend which can be split any way you like .
what would you choose and in what order would you place them ?
raid schedule we try to always keep a raid up .
territory battles looking for players who understand tb and are looking to work with a highly organized team .
we 've been pulling off 36-38 without a full compliment of members
if you 're interested please pm me with a link to your swgoh.gg profile .
this story comes from my previous job at sherwin williams an unnamed retail paint store .
customers are generally friendly and the pay was alright .
the store i was working at during this story dealt almost exclusively with general/painting contractors .
roughly 95 of our business came from people we saw 2 or 3 times daily so we knew most people on a first name basis .
a young woman come into the store alone and heads over to the section with the wood stains .
not uncommon i just think she 's looking for color samples to give to her builder or something like that .
it 's the weekend so we 're not too busy .
after a minute or two i go over and ask if i can help with anything .
i 'll be me and she can be l lady .
me good morning can i help you find anything ?
i 'm looking to stain a wine rack i just bought and i 'm not sure exactly what steps need to be taken to do it .
this is very typical of diy customers and i actually like helping in these situations so i have a whole speech prepared on what to do in what order .
for those curious because she 's staining the wood we need the wood to be bare in order to stain duh .
is it bare wood or has it been coated before ?
it 's something close to this color https sherwin.scene7.com/ir/render/swrender/stain_interior_wc_oak ? srce=sw3125-k qlt=92 cache=update right now .
me that 's actually my favorite stain color truth but it 's pretty dark .
what color were you thinking of changing it to ?
now i 'm not sure if you 've tried to use a penetrating stain before but going to lighter is a huge pain in the rear .
you basically have to sand off the lacquer sand off the sealer underneath it then sand down to the natural color of the wood .
keep in mind this is a wine rack so it 's not a lot of large open flat surface so this will take some serious time and effort .
i doing my job let her know that this will be a project and explain step by step what she needs to do in order to change the color of the stain .
i think i 'll just stain on top of the finish .
me ma'am it 's called a 'penetrating stain ' for a reason .
it needs to go directly on the wood so it can penetrate into it changing th
l look i do n't need you to try to sell me a bunch of stuff i wo n't need .
me if you want it to be less steps you could paint on top of it .
l getting impatient do you want me to go to home depot that unnamed department store down the street and spend money there ?
me no ma'am i just want to make sure your finished product looks good and stays that way .
this is the part where i need to cover myself for when she comes back in 3 days saying the stain did n't work and i lied to her it 's happened before i flag down my co-worker and make up some excuse as to why i need her to ring l up .
for every line in a sale there is a 'comments ' section that saves in the system but does n't print on the receipt .
since she listened to our entire conversation she can put the comment in saying 'ser_thank_you explained the correct process for stripping and staining .
sure enough later that week l comes in ranting and raving about our terrible product and crappy customer service .
she immediately recognizes me as the one who helped her and starts throwing insults towards me and the store in general .
me i 'm very sorry ma'am let me get the manager up here and he can take care of you alright ?
hopefully he knows more than the rest of you people..
l this guy told me all i needed to do was throw the stain on and it would work !
manager of course let me just pull up your order and we can get you a full refund ... typing well i see here that my other employee working that day agrees with him and claims that he did in fact tell you how to do this correctly .
that being said would you like me to help you pick out everything you would need for this ?
she ended up saying something about going to that hardware store and how they would help her .
i could n't really hear because i was laughing to myself in the back room .
you asked for my advise and i gave it .
just because you do n't like it does n't make it wrong .
tl dr customer asked me how to do something difficult .
did n't like my answer and wanted it easier .
blames me for skipping 80 of the work and having the project fail .
i 'm pretty new to using pedals and i 've been playing around a bit .
i recently learned what the return '' and send '' ports in my amp are for only took me 9 years and i 've been having fun trying new things through them .
some british dudes on youtube recommended using the loop for delay and reverb which i 've had a lot of success with .
on a whim i stuck my tremolo in before my delays and it sounded gorgeous so now i 'm wondering if you guys have recommendations on other modulation effects that might work well in there .
i usually run an analog delay the echobrain bargain pedal tc electronics makes that i quite like in my flashback to get a neat washy sound .
i 'm curious if any of you have tried putting any effects between them .
when i get home i might mess around with it a bit and a trick from a wiser pedal-mage than i would be appreciated .
for example i pay half the price with a two-year commitment than if i bought the phone with no commitment .
the rules for the credit card plan are that the full price needs to be charged to the card and i wonder if this counts as the full price or not ?
i do n't have a claim to make at the moment or anything .
also the phone bill is paid with the same card for what it 's worth .
i have seen some big youtubers in the wow community say they want classic to be 100 vanilla with some even suggesting they want the actual bugs which were prevalent in vanilla to be in the game .
while i understand some desire to have a totally unchanged vanilla blizzard have a opportunity to build on the old game without changing any of the foundation .
1 updated graphics definitely will be a controversial issue with classic .
i would personally like to see updated graphics inline with the original game .
it would be great to step into the old wow with a updated world .
2 quality of life changes none except making sure the big bugs are fixed .
i have seen a small few advocate minor qol changes such as the summoning stone guild bank etc
3 class changes personally i want to see minor changes to the classes .
i want to have deep talent trees where people can experiment along the different routes and not having two specs which are garbage .
4 actual new content i have never been interested in the lore so i doubt this can work .
however i know this is what osrs did and it has been a success for them .
instead of following the exact path from vanilla actually implement new content which was not seen previously .
all in all i feel this will become a very polarising discussion while time moves forward .
i believe changes from vanilla could potentially be a good thing .
the changes which turned people away from the game are not what i am proposing .
i do not advocate a change in the framework of vanilla .
i still want big 40 man raids long grinds and absolutely no lfg lfr multiple difficulties .
however no one can deny that one of the reasons for vanillas success was because it was fresh .
i also believe that a lot of people who are for 100 no changes did not actually play vanilla .
they want to experience what everyone raves about so they believe playing the game in its purest form is the way to achieve this .
the makers of vanilla were not gods therefore they can not make the perfect game .
there has to be areas which can be improved to release a better game .
it seems the biggest critique against any changes is the 'slippery slope ' argument .
i think the decline in wow subscriptions has shown blizzard that the community has rejected lfg lfr and all the easy mode additions that have slowly been implemented .
recommendations for cereo http boardgamegeek.com/collection/user/cereo ? rated=1 subtype=boardgame ff=1 as requested http reddit.com/comments/dpipebt/_/dpjgnzj by u/cereo query u/boardgamerecommender cereo noexpansions recommendedplayers 2 ''
generating recommendations based on a pool size of 1434 with a commonality factor of 79 at level 4 higher is better .
you can request a longer version of this list by posting the text quot u/boardgamerecommender cereo new noexpansions recommendedplayers 2 quot in a comment .
sid meier 's civilization the board game 2010 http boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/77130 8.0
in the year of the dragon 2007 http boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/31594 8.0
you can request a longer version of this list by posting the text quot u/boardgamerecommender cereo old noexpansions recommendedplayers 2 quot in a comment .
the adventurers the temple of chac 2009 http boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/43868 6.9
ticket to ride the card game 2008 http boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/34127 6.4
you can request a longer version of this list by posting the text quot u/boardgamerecommender cereo underrated noexpansions recommendedplayers 2 quot in a comment .
you can request a longer version of this list by posting the text quot u/boardgamerecommender cereo overrated noexpansions recommendedplayers 2 quot in a comment .
your boardgaming soulmate is forseti http boardgamegeek.com/collection/user/forseti ? rated=1 amp subtype=boardgame amp ff=1 based on a shared taste in 20 games .
for more information about how this bot works and optional commands see this post https www.reddit.com/r/boardgamerecommender/comments/41owd0/the_new_home_of_uboardgamerecommender .
these recommendations are courtesy of u/simiansays who wrote the board game recommender .
i know that there have been countless b1g re-alignment posts recently but hear me out on this one .
what if we re-aligned the divisions in the b1g based on historical greatness ?
re-aligning teams based on how good they are right now might be futile but something like history is a bit more reliable .
i have been hearing a lot of people saying that the power in the b1g east will just somehow naturally shift over to the b1g west but i do n't personally see that happening .
the b1g east has 4 of the 6 historically great programs and that is if you are counting wisconsin as historically great if not the east has 4 out of 5 .
to determine historical greatness i would reference a previous reddit post https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1h9phemzuq4mt5bdqori8ygjwypuqhlvlhzzvmvhntf0/edit gid=1107392425 that compiled all of the final ap rankings to come up with an all-time ap ranking for all 132 fbs teams .
the method to choosing the divisions using this all-time ap ranking is simple the first team to appear in the all-time ap poll from the b1g will go to division 1 the second b1g team to appear would go to division 2 and so on .
division a re-naming would need to occur as geography is thrown out
msu michigan state f/michiganstate put iowa here to preserve um-msu
the game could be preserved with um-osu as a permanent cross-division game .
to keep msu-um intact you could easily swap iowa and msu .
i know this is a very simple method and is not fool proof by any means but i thought it was another cool way of looking at re-alignment .
either way i do believe something should be done .
what draws you to yu-gi-oh over games like mtg pokemon tcg hearthstone etc ?
welcome to another edition of whatever they throw on knr during the evening .
so i bought madden 18 back in july and got it when it came out played it for a week .
liked the game but i got hooked on rocket league until about now .
i 'm ready to come back to mut but i 'm kinda lost on where to start and then where to go from here on out .
i have some twitch prime stuff including 90 bruce matthews .
i 've hardcore played madden for the past three years so i 'm not a newbie i 'm just here looking for some guidance is all .
i 've seen several threads already with more sure to come .
i 'm also personally curious as to all the different upcoming happenings .
so i ordered the sony x750d 65 inch https www.sony.com/electronics/televisions/xbr-x750d-x700d-series/buy/xbr65x750d from sony directly .
all in with taxes and delivery it cost 1450 .
i got an email today saying it 's on back order and should be shipping on nov 17th but i can cancel the order now if i would like .
talking to some people at work some seem to think i might find a better deal on black friday .
i 'm not convinced as the deal i 'm already getting is pretty good and seems to be the lowest price this particular model has been .
that being said i 'm not married to this specific tv but it is well reviewed online and i would want something of at least similar quality .
looking for some advice on whether i should cancel and wait for bf or not .
i am starting a new research project that seeks to evaluate the effects of a public subsidy on a company 's performance sales of new products innovations introduced in the market etc .
i am using cross-section data from the cis community innovation survey database .
in the cis database i have information on the public financing of companies dummy variable and information on sales of new products innovation exports patent applications etc .
1 in some literature namely jaffe 2002 he explains that one approach to evaluating these effects is a regression with controls and another approach is called propensity score matching '' .
what would be the best approach to this problem ?
2 can i use propensity score matching '' with cis data described above ?
3 is there any manual wbsite etc ... that explain how to do the psm in stata i understand the theory behind the method but not the stata procedure .
as the title states was wondering if facepunch could implement multiple sensitivity options for aiming/normal general movement..as when farming and normal roaming i like a faster sensitivity then when im ads would be cool to see something like this let me know if anyone thinks the same thanks
feel free to advertise your club or request a club to contact you .
i have a '96 xlt shortbed 5-speed sidestep with 190k on it .
it was my friend 's hubby 's before he passed away .
in my first week i ended up in a four car accident and walked away with a few dents and a bumped-down bumper .
i will be working on turning it into a 3 or 4 season camping vehicle and hope to take it hunting by february .
i 'm stoked to troll positive funny joking trolling .
i am on the hunt for a cab/camper/cabover that would be compatible with the odd sized bed but i love a challenge .
i have 3500 coins saved up and im wondering what to do with them .
im not very enticed by current packs bcs i already have a super team and low rated blacks r useless to me .
do you think there will be better packs and box draws in the near future ?
you 've probably seen them given that they 're all over social media .
attractive women streaming themselves on youtube twitch and other sites .
sometimes they 're just there to look pretty and collect some cash potentially in cosplay .
what 's more important though is that they 're highly visible internet stars .
what happens if they 're just a bit too slutty for popular websites to handle ?
they just start showing a bit more cleavage than should be shown https i.imgur.com/gtfaa0l.jpg bending over to pick up things with their backs to the camera or maybe appearing in playboy like dodger did .
for some it may even just be effective marketing .
they know they 're hot and want to use that to increase their already absurdly high viewer counts .
some double as camgirls and there are even a few ex-pornstars out there .
what 's preventing an already popular girl from becoming the front page of reddit ?
tend to prefer third-person but can work with first .
i greatly enjoy the art of the tease and the slow burn .
i prefer for there to be some tension and back and forth before just getting into the fucking .
if you have someone in mind please mention it with a picture if possible .
best description of my kinks can be found on flist https www.f-list.net/c/alexander 20bradshaw
if steven came back sooner in the 4th quarter they could 've made a run earlier in the quarter and probably end up winning the game ... instead of iso plays and chucking up bad shots .
he and russ started off the game with those awesome plays that made it look so easy like they were going to win in a blowout .
steven was the only guy who played any defense and was active and moving ... guys like melo and pg just stood around watching or took bad shots .
i know for sure they would 've won these games last year .
for all his musings and concerns about his humanity or inhumanity he had set out to help people .
to help be a part of changing things to help halt the degradation of the us the world .
he knew his limits ji hun was n't delusional but he could be useful .
to be wanted on hand when it was time .
these were his thoughts when he walked into the prt hq mask on a small list in hand as he approaches the front desk .
there were questions demands for security promises made but he was here and willing and what he needed was n't too much in the end not for people with the resources of the prt .
over 400 tons of steel dozens of tons of copper wiring dozens of pounds of silicon and gold it would be expensive .
it was one step closer to being a true freak an inhuman monster .
the skin between his ribs shifts back exposing command and control inputs in his torso between the ribs before the swarm attaches to his body .
can form into spikes and stab as hard as if a 1 ton brute was shoving with it with ease .
they selectively behave as either a liquid or solid and each individual piece has the durability of high-carbon weapon and armor steel .
they could form blades tools support his body off the ground without him ever touching the belial infected terrain like he was on stilts .
using all of his form they could lift as much as 15 tons although he would lose significant defensive abilities doing so .
they can move at up to 40 mph in a 20 foot radius around him .
he is capable of massive multitasking with these on a level comparable to skitter .
if he were to condense them all into a single ball they would form a 15 foot sphere of these machines .
they are all capable of feeding him touch hearing and sight as information and can see as easily at night as during the day and are incapable of being 'blinded ' as if by a flashbang .
this is a protocol that can only be activated with preplanning and must be 'turned on ' within 6 hours of being prepared .
tier 2 after 2 hours he will lose some higher brain function .
planning more than a few minutes ahead becomes impossible math more complex than elementary level problems are beyond him .
this does not effect him in relation to using his power .
tier 3 after 6 hours memory issues set in .
tier 5 after 10 hours strokes are likely a brain haemorrage is possible .
effects of tiers 1-3 will reverse after 48 hours of leaving the demiurge .
he can not return to this state once leaving it without going through the preparatory phase .
have you stumbled upon any new ab news or products that 's so awesome that you want to share to our community ?
did you discover something new that works well with your current routine ?
what about a product that did n't live up to it 's hype ?
do you want to talk about an indie brand or product that is underrated ?
have you found a new way to use reuse old packaging from past ab products ?
good or bad wow the community with the details !
trying to index a variable which is not an array
basically i want to read about some guy learning new tricks to turn the tide of battle but one that really resonated with you .
do they come with 5 cartridges or just 1 ?
welcome to the daily altcoin discussion thread of r/ethtrader .
all sub rules apply here so please review our rules page https www.reddit.com/r/ethtrader/about/rules to become familiar with them .
the rules page is also linked in the announcement bar above .
this thread is intended as a welcome place for discussion of all non-ethereum related crypto .
newcomers who have basic questions about ethereum can find answers by visiting r/ethereumnoobies or our ethereum education wiki page see here https www.reddit.com/r/ethtrader/wiki/education .
to view live streaming comments for this thread click here https reddit-stream.com/comments/auto .
account permissions are required to post comments through reddit-stream.com .
this is what i see when i try to use my new samsung hmd .
i can see the right eye area from my left eye lens .
i work at a small business where we serve drinks .
we have a reward program where you enter your number and you get a star and after every 7th star you get a free drink .
if the stars are left by customers then the employees are allow to get them .
well the number i use for the program showed up on a 2 different shifts and in the last 6 months have been used and has been 3,300 dollars worth .
i told him that yes i used it for a few customers but no way have i used it that much and it showed up on other shifts .
he said that i was technically stealing and that legal action will be taking place .
please give me some advice this is my first time dealing with this and i dont know what to do .
well i think this is great deal xiaomi miaomiaoce digital baby thermometer http couponsfromchina.com/2017/10/05/xiaomi-miaomiaoce-digital-baby-thermometer-coupon-price-gearbest great price !
it has access to all of the best removal in the format but everyone says it 's much worse than grixis or jund .
why is it worse and what is it missing that could bring it up to the same level as the other 3 color combos ?
my internet is like average at best and my ps4 broke so i have to redownload all my games again when my new one comes ...
he talks about a whole new system and how an individual can help bring about a world where we are organized from the lowest community level without formal heirarchy without profit and in ecological balance .
politics are a sham of the rich but creating community councils that self manage areas is very possible
one of my buddies had same issue but only when tac light was mounted to axion mount .
hell if the 256gb one drips to a decent price i 'd bite .
jokes puns and off-topic comments are not permitted in any comment parent or child .
parent comments that are n't from the target group will be removed along with their child replies .
posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour and posts that are not appropriate for the serious tag will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
action and my playgroup is happy its this way .
they still drink potions at certain times in combat and sometimes we do inbetween combats .
sure it 'd make combat easier if it was bonus but we like hard fights and hard choices .
haha i got so rusty at nt i could barely loop nowadays..
you literally said in your previous comment that the rumours that huni was leaving fnatic started on october 18th and the voting had been long before that .
so unless you 're bullshitting to support your point i 'm not wrong seeing as the voting was until a month after the rumours started which is the same with ignar all just rumours .
stop trying to argue for a point when you 're contradicting yourself with your own argument .
let 's say that a person claims that he saw god you require extra evidence but what kind of evidence ?
which is why direct revelation is not sufficient justification to believe .
or better yet do you just accept all the claims made ?
someone else claims that he saw a ufo and you ask for extra evidence .
well are human eyes known for their infallibility along with human memory ?
do things seen at a distance or for a moment turn out different when seen up close ?
they had an experience their brain throws an interpretation onto it .
did you never have one of those events at school where during an assembly someone runs across the stage interrupting things briefly then leaves and then they ask around and you start getting different descriptions of the person from something they all literally saw and something we know is real like people ?
someone else claims different consciousness during meditation again there is neither spiritual censors or machines that can decode every feeling and make us feel it .
again that they had an experience is n't denied but the interpretation .
so ... what do you suggest is the way to tell the different between the person who meditates and experiences different consciousness but its just entirely a brain thing and the one who does the same but they say its their spirit out there now ?
so to sum it up demanding further evidence where from the get start we know there ca n't be such thing it 's just an intellectual way of getting around it .
apparently we connect the people to the lie detector and some of them are indeed saying the truth .
i do n't doubt that most of them do believe in their interpretation of the events .
in fact thanks to cultures people grow up in there are very handy ideas for people to be exposed to that they can latch on and work with .
the claim is they were all deluded or mistaken so even if they passed the lie detector we ca n't accept the experience '' .
i feel like some step was skipped where it was established that any claim no matter what should be accepted as true on the basis the person believes it .
in fact by this logic would n't by this logic people claiming that they experience a universe that lacks say a spirit or god thus be evidence there is n't ?
presumably their life events and evidence would be the same ?
you could probably find some hindu 's who would pass your above tests and christians who do as well but their cosmologies do n't let each other be right .
a person can be completely 100 right and it can be unjustified for people to believe you .
right now lets pretend i have a sudden vision of the reaaaaaaaaaaaal god .
it is true it is an actual experience and i become aware as a fact that yes all those other people were deluded or mistaken .
should you believe me just because i passed a lie detector ?
my experience what i tell people about it is truth but it should n't be believed .
the convictions to which something is believed has no bearing on the truth of that thing .
for me solution is simple and i dont get whole point of disscusion .
turn off any cheat engine you have currently running in background .
if you are to dumb to do it ... well you are banned .
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
if u want to trade or sell the key bro drop me a msg would be much appreciated
you 'd think the second one would have seen it .
your account has been flagged as a potential spammers account .
if this is an error please message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/userexperience if you have any questions or concerns .
i prefer the movespeed keystone and going into the resolve tree for resists in the early game .
ryze is a very kitey '' champion he needs a bit more time to do his damage so i prefer the ability to move where i need to be .
and i 've always said i could n't do long distance .
but i can also be a bit of a commitment-phobe so having to either go all in or abort mission quite early on is stressful and worrisome .
and the thing is i think the two of us are like that so it 's a bit of a recipe for disaster .
how about this why does pluto have a mouse tail ?
im going to give it a go when i get home and see how it goes thanks a lot i was n't sure which greys to be using or if i should use the earthshade or the oil .
q can i still access other servers via direct ip connect ?
a players will still be able to access servers from beyond the servers listed in the server browser from mobile .
on consoles due to platform restrictions server access is limited to partner servers only .
they make it sound like it 's out of their hands .
the majority of restaurants are paying their serving staff 2.13/hr which is the minimum wage for employees who are expected to receive tips .
i 'm going to guess it has something to do with taxes but really i do n't know .
if nothing has changed and my source was n't lying to me the only states without a ripped minimum wage are california and minnesota .
i was hearing the song and noticed this then i searched for it .
if you did you would see there are posts asking the same thing and people answering it was already answered .
if you doubt it you can transcript the code here and see if it means anything https morsecode.scphillips.com/translator.html
it 's only there because he does in ff4 before he battles you
tried to reinstall the game still has the same problem .
depends on how hard you work in bjj and your current running level .
so they are greedy af again for charging extra money for a channel that allready has a massive amount of advertising in their programming .
i could play ever game on legendary and win 5-0 and get top 100 but it s not worth the time .
no the joke is about a fucking graphics card .
it 's read the gita a good deal of the bible and bits of ancient greek myth but not enough to be an expert .
i thought it was really interesting to see how people regarded morality over time .
i guess it changed my view of the world in some regards but mainly in terms of how i understood different societies and backgrounds .
i read them mainly when i was studying philosophy .
i do n't know if it 's recommended in general but i would recommend it if you 're interested .
i 'm atheist by the way so i was n't reading it for spiritual reasons it was more just reading it for the history of it all .
if you could upload a clip of the jack-in-the-box song i can try that out .
if north korea falls south korea wo n't need us military anymore .
unfortunately your submission has been removed because your comment karma is not high enough or your account is too new .
this filter is in effect to minimize spam and trolling from new accounts .
please do not message us there are no exceptions for this .
if you 're a new user you 'll have to make some comments and interact with the community then try again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cars if you have any questions or concerns .
if you 're buying an exotic pet in japan it 's going to be from an unethical source .
cells are only in living things atoms are in everything .
i was not trying to mislead and i 'm amazed that you are getting this angry about something .
did you recently enabled vertical sync in the video card settings ?
im not putting my ssn on my paypal looks like ill go elsewhere
fairly experienced i play the game since week 2 and know the basics of every heroes .
i past the age for raging and the several new players i already helped getting into the game were pretty satisfied of my advices and thought me a decent pedagogue
i 'm at almost 40k subscribers and before 30k subscribers every video would differentiate hugely in views because i would primarily rely on youtube 's recommendation algorithm and just hope the videos would get trending .
it 's part of the growth no one starts a channel and has consistent views .
you upload 10 videos with 10,000 views and the next one could only get 1,000 all of a sudden .
unless you have a powerful and engaging community you ca n't directly compare videos .
it has to do with thumbnails titles tags engagement length and overall quality of the video .
just hang in there and try and bring the best content you can and try to one-up yourself with each video views come in naturally .
they were everywhere in september then mid october they all disappeared .
could n't find any for a week or two .
now i seem to be having better luck i was on one this morning and they 're reappearing on the bit of oxford rd i frequent near mmu .
interestingly i 've seen a few guys riding along with a load of mobikes on trailers being hauled behind their own bikes maybe for repair or storing them somewhere .
only explanation is they 're servicing the majority of them in the run up to winter and maybe reducing the number of them on the street to stop thefts or damage .
it 's empty because almost everyone who could left earth .
boo i saw her on you tube and really want her
i 've been to nyc and it was cheaper than london .
i got a beer and vodka and coke for about 8 £6.10 .
the average house price in london is getting on for nearly £500k 660k .
this whole uk fantasy that americans have is ridiculously off the mark it 's just not true .
it 's nothing how you 've built it up in your mind at all .
also we 're probably about to have our economy and job market take a huge shit with brexit so that 's another thing to consider .
seems like you 're hiding your frustration because your bad attempts at the english language get worse with each attempt and a defense .
please respond with done '' when complete so we can check this one off the list !
bedt shall be luxidoor for the early giants and large income .
id give you what you 're asking for immediately and flip the tank for far more .
the people who want the tank the most are people who have run the bunker over and over and probably have a ton of weapons stored up .
i 'd probably start off by asking for basically three red crates ' worth of loot plus or minus a few things and the junk 12 guns six sets of armor two stacks of gas a stack of gun parts a stack of aluminum bars two stacks of aluminum wire and 100 rolls of duct tape .
ideally i 'd get some copper and steel too but i recognize a non-chopper player would n't have much .
maybe add in 25 yellow coupons and 10 red as well just to ensure it was going to someone who plays the game and is n't just buying all of those things .
if i did not have a chopper right now i 'd easily give up that much because i have all of that except the tape .
they 'd announced aj vs rusev last week for the spot but changed it obviously .
whats annoying is the ai do it all the time .
take out ancient gear castle throw in another ancient gear beast .
ancient gear castle is redundant and usually a dead draw .
take out a wall of d for a mirror wall useful for the mirror match .
rare metalmorph will protect your monsters from enemy controller one of the only counters to ancient gears .
zeraora looks like an evolved form of that yellow/blue electric tenrec pokémon a user here made ? !
for example your formula falls apart with the jackal and griffon at the very least as both of them have two highly-desireable particle effects flame and celestial/cosmic .
he set a good example on how to do it .
you might as well say george washington is kinda at fault for donald trump .
i have striker cockroach so do n't need toppers only need to trade off the ones that drop for me .
the aclu is simply doing what it 's always done fairly consistently being anti-censorship without being particularly partisan .
the retardation is lavishly spread between the troll who wrote the article and taylor 's lawyers for giving the article the recognition it did n't ask for .
nope i got to gold 5 and last season i was gold 4 i think
it 's because i did n't really have time for league most of the year and i ranked up mostly in a month so i did n't have time to grind 3 different queues and to get to higher ranks for the fun of it .
i do n't mind it though i had a lot of fun in 3v3
oh ok. well might i point you to our check in desk .
as soon as you secure your membership card valid room key i 'll gladly allow you in .
literally the most okay i 've ever been with a team scoring against us .
and her friend at forest week 1 this year .
it was their first fest and emily was stoked on life but her friend just slept the whole time causing them to miss..most things lol .
is your friend even interested in going again this year ?
i benchmarked fallout 4 with vega 64 a month or two ago heres the video ... .https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=_e_wfiooove t=410s
i remember there being issues with low buggy fps with the game when i first tried it and loaded it up but after tinkering with it i got it working ridiculously flawless this includes diamond city ... ..i just cant remember what i did but you can get it working great just lose the vsync .
hope this album is not gon na be the next detox
only to leave her in nyc to run back to scranton to ask pam out on a date .
do n't get me wrong i love pb j but after watching parks rec and hearing leslie call ann beautiful in so many different ways i feel bad for karen because karen is ann and ann is karen .
will i get to play the oculus port of these games if i already own them on steam ?
how quickly did your parents beat your ass when they found out you faked it ?
if brains were gasoline you would n't have enough to power a pissant 's motorbike halfway around a bb
that is the exact opposite of the future the american left wants .
the american left is currently obsessed with the exact opposite .
agree 'd please vote sleep it was the 2nd ability behind mirror in the japanese rankings so with japan 's help we could possibly get a real sleep moveset
do n't feel too bad my mom died at the peak of yo mamma jokes in middle school and quite frankly nothing was better than watching instant regret followed by my response of well my mom 's dead so ... '' those jokes ended quickly but the look of mortification on their face was worth it ... ... maybe that was just me .
the announcers did n't sound to positive about it .
their is precedent for unfunded federal mandates being illegal .
if the federal government is requiring a state do something it has to also pay for it .
invest your money in nice low-fee index funds with vanguard fidelity both get nothing but rave reviews around here .
let me burst the bubble until that mortgage is paid off the bank owns the home ... and should unforseen circumstances mean you fall behind on payments they could foreclose it just saying .
now i heard a comedian once put it 'oh you own a home ?
congratulations on the death of your parents because for me to own a home somebody has to die . '
but seriously congratulations all the more impressive if you managed it without financial help from family .
i 'm 3/3 on echeveria agavoides props so think they 're fairly easy to root .
and the story is beyond stupid for not having them do that and deciding to hate on zola instead .
but i 'd argue they are innocent because nohr is the aggressor and hoshido did nothing wrong now whether that 's bad writing or not is something else .
as a military general ryoma made a rational decision to not help an enemy they did n't their loss .
i do n't see why you have to be honorable with people who are literally invading your country
we do n't really need anymore information on him .
if you see this rust you know that it 'll take some time to weld that and restore it .
do n't be shy and just check out exactly what you are getting into by prying with a tool at it .
might note that there is blood and a heart so mildly nsfw
use that money to get yourself a lifetime supply of crep protect and all your shoes will be waterproof
this specific strike was followed by pretty much every woman in the country .
strikes do n't need to be followed by anywhere close to the total affected population to be effective in france strikes where a couple million people went to the streets with a specific message have resulted in success .
with the united states you do n't even need the whole country to really play along for a strike to be effective in a single state .
fuck is the most diverse word in the english language have n't you ever heard the history of the f word ?
it was a thing when i was ike 12 not allowed to cuss i felt like such a badass watching it .
i have n't seen his speech yet did he give it standing with his bone spurs as a show of strength ?
tried to look through the math subreddit to see if they were talking about any recent math discoveries and realized i literally do n't know enough about math to even find what i was looking for .
bro post your profile in the profile review thread that is sticked to the to of this sub .
it 's free and instead of fine ass hat reviewing you you will have a collective of ass hats reviewing you and giving you tips .
you 're free to not do it if following bitcoin upgrades is n't something you want to do !
so the only place i 've known to look are best buy and the only ones they had to try were logitech and razor .
is there another way you recommend trying them out ?
find a local dive shop close to where you live you can do the book work and the pool work with them and they can give you a referral saying you 've passed that part of the course which you can take to a dive shop in mexico of the same agency padi is the most popular in most parts of the world other options are naui ssi etc .
your local dive shop s will help you decide on the agency and can help you find a dive shop in mexico which teaches the same agency .
the dive shop in mexico will check your referral some places may do a quick check out in the pool just to make sure you know your skills and then take you on your open water dives thus completing your training and certifying you an open water scuba diver !
as for the gear i would invest in mask/fins/snorkel to start .
you can rent gear for your ow course and in mexico if you so choose .
this can allow you to get more experience with different types of gear before you invest in your own .
if you want to go ahead and invest that 's just one more thing your local dive shop can help you with brands sizing etc .
looks like the water temp in cancun will be close to 80 so i 'd probably dive in a 3 or a 5 mil i get cold pretty easily too .
the dive shop will have rental wetsuits as well but unlike bcds and regs it 's a lot harder to stock wetsuits that fit every body type so if that 's something you 're worried about there 's no harm in going ahead and purchasing one that you know will fit you and keep you warm .
as for advice first time diving the best advice is just to relax and have fun !
pay attention and take the course seriously and your instructor will teach you how to dive safely .
once you 've got the skills down it 's all about being comfortable in the water .
you 're 13. you still have n't reached your prime .
as cliche as it sounds it gets so much better !
you have n't met all the incredible people you are meant to cross paths with ! !
a big fuck you to your dad for making you feel like that .
i care about you and i want you alive .
i 'm laying here typing this to let you know that if you do n't think anyone in this world cares about you think again .
this stranger cares about you and i wan na see you live 13 hundred years more !
nope i sleep with a body pillow and that would be too distracting .
i wanted to leave but felt i committed too much time and just had to see it through .
yours looks awesome can you give me a quick walkthrough of how you did this ?
you should listen to this song https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=tkobgt0kt40 front to back .
it 's fairly simple too but within the context of the album it adds extra weight .
the public transoort in rotterdam is considered the best city public transport system of the netherlands when it comes to customer perspective as well .
i will say over the years bonnie has definitely grown on me ... she definitely comes across as more feminine these days .
this was just a chill one and both of their stocks were solidified .
aww man i really want anthony randolph to come back to the nba .
when you say critical thinking do you mean that in the type of puzzles e.g .
given sets of statements and working out the true one or that you simply were not challenged by the talos principle ?
i will take such a perverse joy if trumps presidency ends up destroying his family .
other than the couple that are not in the spotlight trump and his are a prefect example of everything wrong with this country .
i thought it was crap at first because i was aiming for the line with my thumb .
i went to disable it because it never worked for the 3-5th time for me when i attempted .
then i realised you have to aim above the line and swipe over it .
dont pretend like you have any sort of compassion .
everyone with half a brain knows that trans people have better lives when theyre able to transition .
its okay to just say you want all trans people to kill themselves we all know thats what youre thinking .
i do n't have mandate rights of man nor third rome expansions .
i 'd like to know your opinion on how to play a trading republic .
my goal this game is owning the entire lubeck trade node even though right now i have a triple alliance with to denmark and myself .
so far it 's year 1500 and i 've conquered two provinces .
i 've kept up in tech and humiliated my rivals for the 50 power projection bonus .
almost all northern opm 's are in my trade league .
i am aiming to play tall lubeck is 45 dev .
what do you guys think should be my next move ?
i tried watching on the app but it 's only for people living in 'murica
sad state of affairs when questioning barbaric religious practices from first hand experience makes you an uncle tom .
for the most part they were not required for trade skills with the exception of certain recipes that required mana vials
tl dr niantic put their heads in the sand then took their ball and went home when we did n't play exactly the way they wanted us and refused to make it easier for immobile/rural players to get more pokes with over a year of silence .
well niantic did a solid job with ingress but honestly i think both they and pokemon company '' needed a better grasp on the scale of what they were operating ...
honestly it 's like they put their heads in the ground in year one as soon as they realized they killed the tracker .
instead it got out that their beta tracker was working there and little mind was paid towards rural/immobile players .
unless you live in a city or especially san francisco because that 's where they have a working tracker gyms work and stop rewards are plentiful ...
it 's the global equivalent of it works on my computer you must have an issue with your end '' click .
i hold no sympathy for them especially after go-fest because they should have had a rough idea that a cell towers will be taxed b backup ticket systems should always be available so you do n't have a 6-hour line and c run a fucking stress test of the system so you at least have a rough idea of the capacity you can take .
niantic seemed to stop caring once they had to break tracking .
they chose to tell all their players no you ca n't do it this way you must play it our way '' and outright punish anyone even slightly violating it ...
i get that they wanted people to stop driving while on go but it 's annoying that passengers are punished as well .
niantic forgot something that every lawmaker in the world learned decades ago you ca n't enforce the spirit of the rule/vision you have .
people will min-max and then the enthusiasts will flock to that method .
instead of compromising and dealing with a minority of players that pushed the boundaries they took their ball and went home .
that and i think they were a little too true to the pokemon games .
in those games you gallivant all around the country to meet all the different types .
people complain that their city is pretty much only 20 types if at all that much .
unless you could leave your region to a different part of the country you were doomed to the types .
you 're doomed to never level up past what your city can offer you just like all the other trainers you meet in routes and gyms ...
i would 've fixed this by rotating the spawn rosters but maintaining the uniques and keeping the raised type rates .
that just gives players a chance to catch something that was n't a rattata or pidgey ...
instead we were given nothing told to like it and then advised to walk the eggs around with the occasional incubator sale .
do n't remember their account but they 'll show up somewhere soon .
we increased the quality of service in some of our software components .
it 's a beta it 's not been thoroughly tested .
feel free to nag but do n't be an ass about it .
while i and a lot of other people think that the new health bars look bad i do n't think i could call them change for the sake of change .
improving the user interface has happened quite a few times and has led to the game we have today .
even if this particular update is a flop that does n't mean that they should stop trying to improve .
i also would like to add that there are elements of the healthbar changes that are wonderfully positive namely the added clarity of status effects being represented more clearly .
i know some people started with 2017 tp and how the hell would that make any sense ?
instead of becoming a copy of a hero you create an illusion .
and make it so you can jump to it not unlike ember spirits fire remnants .
now the hero can split push farm and escape safety like any good carry .
letestu and kassian are going to combine for a shorty at some point i can fucking feel it .
reason all submissions must be accompanied by a verification image .
this is an image of you holding a handwritten note with your face visible the name of this sub your username and today 's date .
it is usually easier to delete your first post and create a new one with your verification included .
if you 'd rather you can send your verification to the mods directly here .
also if there is anyone else in your photos please crop or blur them out where cropping is n't possible .
i love guild wars 2 but visual clutter is a logical extension of their cosmetic based end game .
i hate that i have so little so say in regards to posts like this but i always upvote fantastic art pieces .
which would also explain why his name is jake . ''
at some point the wind was what was moving it .
i think i would hydrolock my engine doing this .
i should probably put the stock airbox back on .
a rune offer i guess idk what they go for either atm
about the same price for a studio in south florida .
in pittsburgh you can get a nice 2 bedroom for 800 .
have been on adderall for about 4 years plus vyvanse for about the same .
i struggle with both of those issues as well and i think the answer is at best just a little bit '' .
with medication i 'm able to at least recognize when things start going to hell and hang on a bit longer .
but the end result for me has often been the same just to a lesser degree of damage done .
i think getting a behavioral coach or therapist to work with will be much more beneficial over the long term .
i have n't spoken to one myself but i 've slowly come around to the realization that it 's necessary if i want to get anywhere with my life that is n't in an alleyway .
i definitely understand what you mean on the hobby thing as well .
pc games are the only thing that keep my interest unchallenged .
other things like drawing music reading i lose interest in for months at a time and just generally do n't enjoy even if the interest is there .
i 'm having issues trying to get to it via chrome .
still runs leaked oil for about 50k then suddenly stopped .
has been driven collectively hundreds of miles with zero oil in it and driven like a race car .
had n't been started in two years cranked right up with a fresh battery .
call centres are a great way to break into the industry and get experience .
just look at winrates and try to see what makes them go above or under the 50 mark and change that .
i 've legit heard top 15 players complain about vet 0 volks doing too much damage pz2 rush being too op while they do not want to change their own strategy and even more bullshit logic
i never played the first one so i got the second on pc and was wondering outside the really beautifully done areas what the fucking hell was so special about destiny .
it feels like a watered down version of borderlands 2 .
the motto of virginia in case anyone was wondering d
everyone is so bullish over this not realizing that this is opening the floodgates for massive shorting .
big players institutions hedge funds large specs ca n't short btc right now because it 's nearly impossible to find a sizeable borrow for the kind of positions these people will take .
cme creating this contract has fixed '' this problem for them .
i 've never had a cat claw me to the extent where i 've thought i really need to do something about those claws ! ''
haha i 'm kidding that 's an amazing score congrats !
right again i 've listened to a few interviews of experts who say exactly the same .
the other point they make is that if there were a population of large mammals in any one area biologist/scientists would notice their impact on the population of prey animals/food sources .
i 'm near one of the oldest universities in the world .
i 'm going to get a job as vice chancellor .
except i 'm not a man and i 'm not white .
and i just fell one floor on to this hilltop .
i tried to get a nos movement for one of these but no luck .
you should n't have to live with a long stringy locks of hair covering your face if you do n't want .
that 's abusive of her to make you do that
do n't say that about yourself of course you have a personality ...
i bet if that dude they had chained up was a narusaku fan they would n't even need to torture him .
yes but i think you 'd have a hard time separating a culture of violence from a cultural obsession with guns .
i just do n't think the platforming is that good and the running through levels is pretty tired .
i bought it on the switch and i think they did some cool things with that to make it fresh .
but how often can they make a game like that ?
i 'd like them to create something new with sonic .
it was like 66 degrees and sunny the entire time .
on the day we left it was overcast and sprinkling .
here 's a pic i took from the eagles nest
so i hear you ask where 's the good news ?
if uk wants to extend a50 or revoke it just say magic word .
is it guaranteed to be approved if uk refuses to settle the bill and other essential issues ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/esist if you have any questions or concerns .
lebron uses his back and pump fakes but i see giannis like you said use his freakish build and athleticism to do more moves .
but bow what will happen to all of the ms-13 pedophiles we have in nova ?
i have pirelli p zeros on mine they feel nice and grip well .
these arguments appear to have gone completely over your head .
they are not a counter arguments to theism they are an argument for why there is a burden of proof and why .
if theists expect atheists to take gods existence seriously they should provide evidence for god .
also they are parodies used to show the absurdities and logical errors is your logical '' arguments for the existence of god .
to me it 's pretty clear they are n't .
first and foremost god is the conclusion of logical argumentation
of the arguments i 've heard for go none have been logically sound and quite a few are n't even logically valid .
with the god in question we can look at something like the cosmological argument
the cosmological argument at best could be used to prove that something created the universe but does not demonstrate that something in anyway was a deity .
in fact i also doubt the arguments soundness because cration ex nihilo seems more absurd to be than any other cosmological idea .
another issue is the god of the cosmological is supposed to be necessary .
it is assumed without evidence that god is necessary for the existence of god
but this is a wonderful illustration of the parody power of the ipu .
you see if you had studied up on the ipu you would have found that sock static is contingent on the ipu the ipu magically .
if the ipu does not exist sock static does not .
since sock static clearly exists then the ipu clearly exists .
the issue is one of trying to define something into existence you can try to define anything into existence but claiming it is necessary but actually demonstrating something is really necessary is really difficult .
the problem is that asserting that something is necessary is different that demonstrating it necessary .
if you want to demonstrate that god is necessary for the universe then you would have to demonstrate that there would be a logical contradiction if the universe existed that god did not which none of the supposed logical arguments for god do .
interesting fact he has stated that he did not sit there shooting a ton of burst photos .
he says one of the reasons people liked working with him was because he was quiet not making a clackety-clack-clack racket the whole time .
there were rumors weeks by insiders before the election even though michigan outside polling big polling was nonexistent internal polling was leaning toward trump
man this is hard to hear my favorite jay player growing up .
too bad he never got a postseason appearance with the jays .
gears 4 might be sweet it has the option for 1080p at 60fps which would be nice and smooth .
i am doing a 4k playthrough right now but i fully intend to check out the performance '' mode too .
what people find disrespectful or make into an issue on this sub i almost never agree with but no doubt anything whatsoever against a girl group this sub will definitely agree with .
but yeah to dismiss someones character as an asshole requires actual ex .
so this smoking hot milf claims she was kidnapped by 2 masked women held against her will beaten up they cut her hair what ? ! ? !
branded her like a steer i find this to be very sexy then turned loose .
then police found the bitch beaten and branded ha ha ha ! .
now police have released surveillance footage they say is the woman .
funny thing is what really happened is still not clear police are not disclosing all info and the two chick perps are still at large .
i am going to do it again i call bullshit .
i suspect the police know more about this and are building a case against the milf for something yet to be disclosed .
whatever happened there is a 97 chance it involved this chick having a dick in her mouth .
she was most likely fucking some dude behind her husband 's back and he turned out to be a violent fucker .
he may have gotten her involved in some illegal activity .
this is a crazy bitch that most likely got bored and felt smothered in her domestic life .
look how hot she is in the pre-abduction photos .
then look at her photo in the article post-abduction .
if she had been assaulted or raped then i get the change .
but if they just cut her hair and branded her like an animal then i do not see why that would effect her sexuality .
the husband is probably trying to work shit out for the kids .
the husband may even be involved in something and this was payback .
but i think that the probability is that this chick developed the bad habit of eating strange dick .
the oa of godel does n't start with a god-like object or claim that if a god-like object exists then certain things follow .
instead it posits positive properties although it does n't define them it posits that necessary existence is a positive property it defines the property of being god-like as the collection of all and only positive properties then seeks to demonstrate that the property of being god-like is consistent/possible .
if the god-like property is possible then it follows that i.e .
the argument concludes with a god-like object necessarily exists i.e .
so it starts with properties and from there builds up to the god-like property being necessarily exemplified .
the line of reasoning is consistent and not at all circular .
most people that object to it take issue with one or more of its axioms and some of its further implications such as what is known as modal collapse everything that is the case is so necessarily .
personally i think the implied modal collapse is the biggest challenge to the godel oa .
police came to my show last night and i did it up
i do n't think it was moved because of that though an interesting theory .
i assume because it would have been taken to the third floor corridor with the stone in it for safekeeping .
looks like you 're the only one who got my joke .
thanks dude here 's some that i have of ll as well
i was gon na comment that the tracking on that could have been done by a monkey .
the enemy ran straight at him making it extremely easy to get headshots aim assist or not .
i really want to know what was going through his head to think i must pogo ... down ... . w h y
your submission has been removed for the following reason s
posts must contain elite dangerous content at all times .
posts falling into the following categories are also allowed as long as a clear effort for an active discussion about elite dangerous is made
submit as a text-post to ensure elite dangerous is the focus if a link can not suffice .
if you have a question about the removal or have edited your submission to abide by the rules https www.reddit.com/r/elitedangerous/about/rules please message the modteam https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2felitedangerous subject=mod 20action 20dispute message=regarding 20 5bsubmission 5d https www.reddit.com/r/elitedangerous/comments/7bir0y/cargo_hold_full_of_meta_alloys_coming_into_maia 3fcontext 3d9999 29 3a .
if i happened upon these two my first thought would not be oh shit they must be praying '' and it certainly would n't be followed by better take a snap '' even if that were the case .
what if the officer you pull over is local ?
blue wall of silence professional courtesy i 'd wager .
they track far more stats than the headline stats it 's based off machine learning and how your stats compare to higher mmr players playing the same hero .
being machine learning means that it 'll very likely be unclear what you need to pad to appear '' to be a better player than you are .
there are a lot of highly detailed responses here .
i think this sub has some pretty significant experience with autism .
i 've never delivered i just love pizza so i lurk here .
but my friend was a driver for awhile and someone gave her a kitten once .
she still has him and his name is pepperoni .
i agree that morgan should have just apologised and moved on
and miss a good chance to play the victim ?
i love him i bet he 's a great dog !
no one expected the republican to win in new jersey no one .
the surprise is the legislature in virginia but we wo n't have a full picture of that till tomorrow i do n't think .
nsbeep would be much better for macos although may require extern linkage due to including objective-c appkit headers in a c file .
alternative is audioservicesplayalertsound ksystemsoundid_userpreferredalert which will include directly as it comes from a c framework .
then why must the us sign a non-binding agreement that could be if implemented .
can be reviewed and edited at any time on top of mandatory 5 year reviews .
any nation can leave but it will only be recognized years later after an article is now made mandatory .
this is the best tl dr i could make original https www.redstate.com/neil_stevens/2017/11/07/breaking-historic-democrat-wave-wiping-virginia-gop reduced by 69 .
the polls have closed in virginia and what we 039 re seeing is a bloodletting of the republican party of a kind unseen in a generation .
republican candidate for virginia governor ed gillespie pauses while speaking with reporters after voting at his polling place tuesday nov. 7 2017 in alexandria va. gillespie faces democrat lt. gov .
ed gillespie and the virginia gop needed the polls to be wrong but the polls were right .
extended summary http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/7birhy/historic_democrat_wave_wiping_out_virginia_gop faq http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.65 242373 tl drs so far . ''
feedback http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords republican 1 polls 2 gillespie 3 virginia 4 democrat 5
the fact that the public defender 's office and the franklin county prosecutor 's office spoke out against issue 1 should tell you all you need to know .
assuming you 're moving out ... you have a life .
train them wean them down to one day a week .
do n't rely on them or ask them for anything if you can help it .
help from them is poop no touching the poop .
be the fantastic independent person you are destined to be and decide what level of involvement is good for you .
if you 're not going home to run laundry or asking them to drive you places etc. they have no power over you .
problem is if you 're gon na burst it 's more likely to be 1 turn of burst since you need to activate the special to make the captain ability a 3x boost unless you 're just doing two 6x turns versus one 9x turn .
i clicked on the link to the sub it loaded fine and between when i opened the sub and opened a post on it it went private .
and it would be nice if i was looking at a class that i could also see which camo/reticle/pistol grips are attached without having to go into the gun sub menu
my family made the mistake of buying at the top of the market in 2008 months before the bubble popped .
i do n't think your perceived singapore girl stereotype is accurate .
most people would say singapore girls are cold and materialistic while not being that good of a catch themselves .
i 'm not saying it 's true i 'm saying a lot of guys have these impressions .
i do n't think it 's about liking or not liking classic rock i think it 's more about the elitism and fanboyishness that comes with only listening to rock music from the 60s-80s .
sort of a this is real music '' thing that fans of most other genres are too self aware to subscribe to
i could be convinced to take them off your hands if no one else is interested .
after everything they 've been thru today i think jordan is gon na wake up to a horribly swollen knee
stay away from long bar in singapore then ... 36 for the famous singapore sling !
i 'd date dragon age 2 's isabela in a heartbeat .
too bad that it came back but at least you got your period looking back are you glad you did it ?
i do n't know that any specific exhaust has any major advantages over any other .
all of the major brands are probably at about the same level in performance .
odds are in a race it 's going to come down to rider skill and not who has a bike that 's up by 0.4 hp on another because of exhaust .
i 've worked in places where we had to do this .
one building actually replaced the western style toilets with a squatter because even with the signs they kept breaking the toilets by squatting on them .
do we know the maer to be a religious man ?
they will label it anything to push the agenda that men and male spaces are dangerous .
guns do n't protect you from any 'elite ' .
any 'elite ' will always crush you does n't matter if you have guns .
the rich are not going to come after you by themselves with guns if they really want someone gone they 're going to send a fucking army .
you can get 100 thousand people to rebel with guns and the military can crack that down in hours maybe less .
if you 're already in decent shape financially and you 've just begun a career then starting a retirement account right now would be the smartest thing you 've ever done .
a 401k or 403b if you work for a non-profit reinvests the money you put in over and over so that you get compounded interest .
that means the longer you have it the bigger growth and returns you get .
that means starting 10 years earlier will result in an extra 40 years of growth for those initial 10 years assuming you retire at 62 .
example if you started a 401k at the age of 32 and put in 15 of a 40,000 salary assuming normal market growth and smart investing from your 401k company you 'd retire with 500,000 .
but if you started right now you 'd actually retire with double that 1 million .
that 's the power of compound interest over time and why the best time to start investing for retirement is as soon as you 're able to .
why the big open spot in that hole diagram ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/catssittingdown if you have any questions or concerns .
have had several border collies over the years and at least two of them effortlessly switched gears from adorable lovebugs to killing machines depending on the situation .
some asshole once tried to break into my garage and my boy ran right at him at sunk his teeth into his thigh before the dude even knew what was going on .
also once had an akita bite me on my thigh no less and one of my b.c.s tore into that dog 's face like a maniac despite being 80 pounds lighter and much shorter .
smart and loyal ... and apparently tough as fuckin ' nails .
old ass lighting bug if you 're in custom or ranked just leave the map and reload it .
it happens when the map does n't fully load lighting shadows .
this is fine but i still want a button like op mentions to quickly add a sub to a multi without having to remember the spelling then manually add it in another part of the app .
lol both their girls look like your average college chick not that special
having lived close to peterborough ontario i thought this was a legit headline
disney does n't own the la times unless you think they bribed them ?
that 'd be a hell of a risk considering the article the la times wrote .
maybe there was some truth in disney 's statement that the article did n't mention all the facts ?
in high-profile cases you want everything to be 100 squeaky clean or else the newspaper risks getting sued .
well i did n't and i 've realized the people i went to high school vote and they are n't getting smarter as the years roll on .
welp seems like i ca n't use 👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good shit go౦ԁ shit👌 thats ✔ some good👌👌shit right👌👌there👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my self 💯 i say so 💯 thats what im talking about right there right there chorus ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ mmmmmꮇм💯 👌👌 👌нo0оଠoooooоଠଠooooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌 💯 👌 👀 👀 👀 👌👌good shit '' meme anymore .
unless p5 teams wo n't play you constantly hold you hostage for games or just outright buy your game out leaving you with the worst schedule in america .
there are orange flavored beers that do n't use orange juice .
seriously im rushing there from irvine to the store for the raffle and quickly get back to work from lunch break .
i do n't remember exactly how that round went but they had some money left i think shox had barely saved an ak some stuff
all that makes sense to us but makes no sense in the story lol you 'd think barry would invite malfoy and oliver throw in some time traveler snart too .
i found three extensive youtube playlists covering most of the songs .
any suggestions on which on might be the most accurate/educational ?
i thought it was a bit outrageous to ask for ¥1,000 in compensation .
hey can you tell me how to test subaddress in testnet ?
the monero version is v0.11.10 there are only address_book command but i dont know how to use it .
deadnaming or dead gender a trans person is about as low as you can go .
it 's like calling an adult black person boy '' or girl '' instead of man or woman .
it 's like they 're not really part of humanity or not ready to join society so treat them like a child .
i do understand that for a majority of people it is obvious even without the knowledge about american history that these kind of 'jokes ' are hurtful and stem from racism .
but like i said in response to someone else here in countries like mine or like korea there 's no debate about subjects like this so it 's easier to just do something like that without even thinking what the implications are .
however i am glad to see that 's beginning to change for the better here at least .
and i did not feel llike you 're ragging on suju i do know that they have their problems and it 's good to actually have a good discussion about someone here on this topic and heechul is gold !
i get called nazi quite frequently and find that upsetting under the circumstances .
we live in 2017 and i kind of expected better .
please pick your weapon and proceed with caution as those 2 dollar bag of chips just became 1.89 and annie over here needs a deal as good as that .
would n't it be magic in des pyromancy in ds lightning in ds2 and uh i guess longsword r1 spam in ds3 ?
10 team bledsoe tyreke lillard warren a.gordon jrue covington kat collins middleton ingles jamal murray turner and batum on il
please search the subreddit before posting there 's a great deal of information about all of the municipalities and many about the merits of each .
i love the analogy although i think she is thinking of her son since she knows that by closing that door she will forever close the chance of getting back together it 's likely either one wo n't survive the oncoming fight .
what i think will happen is that she and kylo try to reconcile but are being pulled to opposite sides unwillingly forcing them to remain opposites/enemies of eachother .
this is n't an argument it 's a stats comparison .
de bruyne is miles ahead of ozil and we all know it
got buried last week how much health do you have if you self-revive using phylactery and carapace ?
the giants can pick up a light hitting good defensive lf in free agency for way less than heyward is owed on the rest of his contract .
jarrod dyson jon jay cameron maybin ah-seop son are all available and wo n't cost the giants 134.2m over the length of their contracts .
common price is 200 per 1m followers still roi is higher and cpc is lower than with fb ads or adwords .
perhaps if you describe how you want it to work someone might be able to give more useful advice .
not me but my sister when she was like 5 or 6 .
she saw my brother and i watching some old arnold movie ca n't remember the name of it .
she had no clue what it meant and enjoyed the game tag .
so she played a game of tag where she would go around tag you and shout tag now you 're a dickhead ! ''
i had no idea i wanted this until you said it .
sold at 8.50 in april after it went up to 11 thought it would go back to 4 welp
i looked at these 2 and i honestly do n't think i would use the drum machine side of things as much ... probably at first but i think standalone drum machines add to the mix .
i have been reading about some people saying the sx2 has lower sound quality however i have n't experienced that ... does anyone have any actual proof ?
i guess there are more creative ways to screw a baby face .
welp i 've only be accumulating iota recently so its true for me .. with that said i 've lost fomo to buy into any btc rally because i know which technology is better
is hinata scoring a point too wild of a prediction ?
i want to go to south carolina all of a sudden .
i never picked it and i did n't have to do anything it just was for some weird reason .
pc player here and have n't received one either yet .
so i guess we just have to wait and see !
ive been playing league since 2010. im not a great player .
i was silver every season until 2014 when i really put in a few hundred games and hit gold for the first time .
the next year i went in expecting to be able to get gold more easily as if having already done it once proved that i was a pretty good player so getting it again should be easy .
i didnt really grind all that hard but when i did it came down to the wire in 2015 just like it did for you .
i played like 25 games in 2 days and was in my gold promos twice including the last few hours before ranked ended for the season and i did n't make it .
i think i ended like silver 1 70ish lp just like you did this season .
last year i busted my ass to make sure i 'd never be in that position again and i got gold a month or so before end of season
but this year was different because i switched roles and played a lot of solo into flex trying to get gold in two queues instead of one .
i got gold in flex after like 600 games learning to play adc last month but with only a few weeks left to do it in solo queue i worked my ass off and put myself in that same situation i was in before i was in game 5 of my gold promos at 11:30 server time and i won .
i 've been on both ends of it winning and losing right at the buzzer at the very end of the season and i just wanted to say i really understand how you feel but trust me next year you can do it !
you probably have n't noticed that there 's also a winter setting horror '' section p
looking at the tutor moves prettty sure 62 is defog .
it matches up perfectly with the old hm and the egg move as far as i can tell and otherwise correlates very strongly with 38 which is tailwind .
so either defog tutor or game freak is trolling on a whole new level .
but it still looks like defog apart from that so ... and it 's not ominous wind either fwiw .
if i do n't want it anymore for whatever reason it 's better to remove it from the blockchain altruistically than just leave it lying around .
say we spin up a multisignature wallet for a room sharing transaction or something there 's no reason for it to continue existing once the money has been transferred to the right people .
normal real muslim behavior hey wait are n't you forgetting to mistreat me because of my religion ? ''
going for ryoma but got this obsolete creature instead .
though on the other hand i can make a kita senri team now lol
the sense of mystery and tense atmosphere was so intriguing .
we were anxiously waiting for the team to discover who wells really was .
man i miss the show for what it was .
at that time i could n't understand the reasoning behind ymir 's actions '' or something along those lines ... .that 's what the narrator says in episode 12 of season 2 as well as in chapter 50 of the manga .
quite weird for a narrator to all of a sudden switch tones and narrate in first-person .
unless ofc it 's one of the characters witnessing the events in the story and since they picked armin 's voice actress to narrate the story in the anime it only makes sense to assume that to be the case .
also remember isayama works closely with the anime team and there is evidence that they have been made aware of stuff from the manga which has n't been released yet just refer to all the easter eggs in the first season 's second ending .
im not aware of anyone ever overdosing on marijuana like they do on other drugs also mental illness may be caused by various factors and just like the term blame it on the alcohol '' people tend to blame it on the marijuana .
then again everything in moderation is perfect anything in excess is poison .
they could potentially bar titles that can be purchased on xbox from being played from steam ?
or maybe have a whitelist of titles that are allowed
i also cant create an na account it gives me an error
your post has been removed based on the grounds of our stance on champion pool '' posts found in the rules section https www.reddit.com/r/summonerschool/wiki/rules .
any posts regarding champion pool will be removed to avoid the subreddit from being flooded by them .
due to a massive amount of champion pool posts in the past there has been put up a monthly champion pool discussion megathread https www.reddit.com/r/summonerschool/wiki/megathreads and we encourage you to post in that particular thread if you are still searching for answers .
you can read all of our subreddit 's rules here r/summonerschool/w/rules .
if you would like more information about this removal please message_the_moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsummonerschool .
note if your submission gets removed again for the same rule please discuss your post with the moderators before resubmitting .
i have been as high as 2k party and as low as 800 solo in my 2k hours played .
now i am judging this based on my own viewership so take this with a grain of salt ... but i am achieving statistics similar to professionals in the 9k bracket on 2 hero anti-mage and medusa .
stopped reading your hero stats in 2k mean nothing .
same here its not showing on the prime loot tab
well i have n't been able to buy anything so if sellers '' are literally anyone who has an account and has sold anything that 's kind of crazy
all hail '' said the freedom loving liberator of the working class
it was sitting in my steam library untouched but if i 'd known how good it was i would have played it months ago .
... yeah i'ma go ahead and edit that did n't realize how it could be taken and do n't wan na risk someone taking it seriously .
i am trying out different browsers and noticed that safari keeps running the following processes https i.imgur.com/olmlbmd.png
all processes range between approximately 5 and 10 mb so they are n't really that taxing but i was curious nonetheless .
effective immediately head coach johnny bach will leave his post as the head coach of this organization .
filling the role of head coach we are excited to announce that the legendary jackie moon has signed a 2 year deal with the golden state warriors .
the former owner player and coach of the flint tropics brings a wealth of knowledge from his experience in all aspects of running a basketball team .
we particularly believe that his philosophy of e.l.e everybody love everybody will create an excellent locker-room atmosphere which will surely allow us to get more than the 1 win that we have so far this season .
additionally former nba champion ed monix will take on the duties of assistant coach .
as an ex-smoker i may have tried different brands based on what others smoked price even the packaging itself .
obviously plain packaging was designed as a counter to that marlboro reds did look pretty badass but now you just have a wall of identical packs with different names on them .
i have peeked at some of them and i do n't even recognise half of them .
do people now just go with the same brand they always have or decide purely on price take a punt on anything ?
i would imagine now it is pretty much impossible to launch a new brand unless there is some kind of guerilla advertising somehow .
i 've always loved this song from stevie wonder for me it was all i ever wanted to be able to tell myself .
after working on my codependancy issues i can sing it to myself and feel every word of it in a manner that i would have never imagined some times ago .
just replace the « someone » with « yourself » .
and that makes it a beautiful self loving song .
for once in my life i have someone who needs me who ?
for once unafraid i can go where life leads me
for once i can touch what my heart used to dream of
for once in my life i wo n't let sorrow hurt me
for once i have someone i know wo n't desert me who ?
i 'm not alone anymore because i found my true self
as long as i know i have love i can make it love for myself
for once in my life i have someone who needs me
due to my irresponsibility and depression over the past 8 years i 've ended up barely able to make it month to month and with a low credit score .
looking at my finances was just too scary and confronting for me and still kind of is .
i recently got hired for a new job with higher pay and it gave me the motivation to want to finally get everything in order .
currently my wages are being garnished at my current job due to defaulting on my student loans and not answering the phone every time the collection agency called .
finally stopped avoiding this and actually took a look at the letter they sent me about the garnishment .
after taking off the garnishment and taxes medical etc .
i started working my new job this week on a part-time basis basically doing work for them at night after work until i have completed my last two weeks at my current job .
my last day at my current job will be next friday the 17th .
my part-time paycheck on the 16th will amount to 1350 to be deposited to my bitcoin wallet .
my full paycheck which i will get every 1st and 16th of each month will be 2700 so 5400 per month .
i can opt to switch my payments from bitcoin to dollars any time i want .
current plan is to convert enough bitcoins from my pay into dollars just to cover my bills and daily expenses .
the rest will stay in my bitcoin wallet and hopefully continue to grow as an investment .
going to keep a close eye so i can pull it all out in case bitcoin goes south do n't think it will happen anytime soon but who knows .
still trying to figure out the whole situation about capital gains taxes and how that will apply but as far as i know as long as i keep a log of my pay and claim it as self-employment income then i should be able to write off a bunch of my expenses .
mostly from my defaulted student loan payments going to collections and then to garnishment .
did n't think i 'd be approved for any anyway since my score is so low .
any tips on how i can get rid of my garnishment pay off my student loans improve my credit score and just overall have better finances ?
i got a degree in media studies and lucked out with a job in the stem/business field in private sector with good salary/benefits .
the only issue is that i do n't like my job .
i do n't like the career trajectory my team and the job is very dry and i have no passion for what i am doing .
i figured that i might as well go to grad school at my alma matter now either part time while i work or if i am lucky with grad assistantship full time
my passion is in public policy and i would love to get a masters in public administration/masters in public policy but there has been some internal and external pressure to get a masters degree in computer information systems since i have career experience in the field .
i will be able to cis but i find it boring and i just do n't see myself in this field .
i hope to go to grad school by fall 2018 so please help me decide .
my undergrad was in multimedia journalism and political science international relations .
tldr unsure on whether to pursue mpa or continue on stem field and study computer information systems .
this server is brand new but i am looking to deliver the best rust experience out there in the modded community
uk has been developed from the ground up and has been through vigorous testing and is now ready for launch ! !
i have compiled a vast selection of mods and features on the server including many plugins such as
and we have added pets to the server all you have to do is activate it and you can tame animals to be your pet
our aim is to give everyone a classic yet unique experience and with an array of experienced admins to help anyone in need
i have taken the time in adding donator group and a special kit has been added for those who do donate
i assure you that all donations will lead to developing more and more servers
wich will be compiled with other various plugin arrangements and maybe even a vanilla server
we hope to see you all joining soon and also hope that your survival experience on my server will be satisfactory
thank you for taking the time to read through ! .
just message an admin in game and we will be more than happy to help .
come on the hiatus is almost over why do you got ta do this to me ...
i still have n't seen the leaks yet so here goes ...
apparently steven crashed on beach city in the remains of a spaceship destroying a lot of property .
there has recently been an alien invasion that wrecked everyone 's hones .
he decides to go to beach citywalk fries only to find that mr. fryman and peedee have decided to close up shop in a week due to all the damages .
steven is really upset but they do n't have enough money for repairs .
so steven leaves beach city where he finds that kevin is hosting a party for all to attend the invitations were literally road signs .
steven decides the has nothing better to do so he decides to go .
i do n't remember exactly what happened next but i remember steven and peridot being at the barn with lapis .
she wanted to leave forever and because steven and peridot were trying to convince her otherwise she raised her hands and basically boiled them alive ...
do assists count as take downs for runes like triumph ?
if you check the charts bch is at or above the levels of segwit2x cancellation announcement yesterday .
appears wall street is catching on that bch is superior money .
rumors my friend 's dad is a wealth manager and it appears they are informing each other to sell btc and get that 'new bch ' '' .
they discuss it 's like a secret she says .
we are not the only ones that realize btc is seriously crippled .
all he needs to do is stop using his haki for even half a minute and he wo n't fall into the haki exhaustion trap .
the only reason he refused to cancel early against doffy is because he was hard up on time and he genuinely believed he 'd finish up in one run of g4 .
i bet luffy survived against cracker by cancelling g4 early and using his g2 to dodge until he was g4 ready again .
i have 2 email accounts on my iphone x and up to a few days ago when emails from either account came through i would look at the screen and the email content would show .
in the past few days one of my accounts the minute i look at the locked screen the emails disappear from the lock screen instead of showing the message .
i usually wear an okc shirt to work on game day and have n't very much this season so far .
but today i have it on and i 'm ready to go .
i have what is probably the most interview of my life tomorrow and i need this job for my professional life and my own mental health .
assuming i pass their two hour test i will get the opportunity to interview for a job that i am qualified for and passionate about .
i went to this university as a student and did a temp job for them over the summer but in every other interview i have had i seem to be the second choice .
it always comes down to one really fiddly thing regarding admin experience and i 'm wondering if there are ways to overcome this issue so that i can finally stop applying for jobs .
hello guys i just wanted to hear from you if you had exp boost turned on from yesterday start of preseason .
yesterday when i completed my daily first win mission i received double the amount of experience .
today i did not so i am not sure if this is intended to get double experience from the mission or not
for factorising complex polynomials when we use the method where i write the last factor as z+a after getting a quadratic factor .
refer to this https imgur.com/a/ccm6x once is for a quartic polynomial and the other is for a cubic which essentially lets the remaining quadratic/linear factor z^n a .
however for the quartic polynomial i thought we could n't do this ?
since i think sometimes we might need to get the last factor by multiplying by a*z^2 bz c ?
so when can we let the last factor just be a simple z^n a and when do we have to use the other one stated above ?
i 'm very new to tarot and i 'm struggling with what this card means in relation with femininity as it is a very masculine card .
so i 'm doing a spread called 'connection to the divine feminine and your true self ' and my fourth card drawn is the emperor .
this position represents 'what aspects of the divine feminine you need to work more with ' and this card to me is very traditionally masculine and authoritative
has anyone seen any newer codes probably for this month ?
thinking of buying tickets to some games when im back home from college for christmas break .
the games i 'm looking at getting are the timberwolves pacers and okc .
does anyone have any tips for getting some good seats for good prices ?
http commonshopping.com/n-i-k-e-flyknit-streak-running-unisex-running-shoes-blue-green-835994-400 for n i k e flyknit streak running unisex running shoes blue green 835994-400
i have a concern stemming from the new jericho update that were posted on the info site recently .
if by some chance you do n't know what these were it 's best summarized by retcon raider here https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=9varfgbcdgw
new jericho looks like a clean and technologically slick faction from this update .
i really liked the concept work on the old new jericho .
although the high tech look actually does make quite a bit of narrative sense as the faction comes out of a weapons and security company .
1 the models shown are higher tier and the lower tier classes will have the rougher post-apocalyptia styling .
this makes narrative sense and saves the early concept work .
but i would be very happy to see the concept work carried over into the game .
2 the early concept art has been superseded entirely .
3 if new jericho has inherited new suits the independent factions will have the mad max styled suits .
this would make strong narrative sense as they would be cobbling together their weapons and armour with fewer resources to construct production line gear .
and for me it would preserve that really cool concept work into the final game .
we 're a casual raiding guild focused on normal/heroic progression .
if you 're new to raiding or looking to do more than what lfr has to offer we are happy to work with you bringing you up to speed and killing bosses as part of the core team .
veteran players are also welcome as we progress through normal and heroic content at a decent pace .
my wife convinced her mother to try ecigs and get off smokes .
even though i 'm a pretty advanced vaper build my own coils mix my own juice i have no idea what to get her cause i only research the more advanced equipment when i 'm looking to upgrade which is n't even often so i have no idea what 's out there these days for newbies .
i do n't want something that 'll break after 2 months .
i wish i could say social media has n't affected me at all politically but that would be a lie .
i have n't blocked anyone yet but the level of discourse on facebook is just sad .
from the oh look i posted a video about ben shapiro destroying a feminist ! ''
to the nra is a terrorist organization '' most people on facebook are politically retarded .
as for reddit this sub is basically bought by left-wing lobbyists at this point .
r/the_donald is just a bunch of weird memes of frogs and anti-muslim posts .
every non-political sub from r/baseball to r/askwomen to r/subredditdrama to r/gaming is heavily left-wing .
back when i first joined reddit i thought it was the best thing ever cool i ca n't wait to talk about all my interests with other people online ! ''
i had no idea what i was getting myself into it .
reddit is not a place for people to discuss politics maturely .
so where the fuck am i supposed to go to discuss politics ?
where some out of touch hollywood celebrity edgily tweets out how we need to do something about guns from their mansion being guarded by armed security ?
i 've come to the conclusion that if you are actively discussing politics on the internet you have n't accomplished much in your life .
the more stupid crap you post on facebook the more it tells me that non-intellectual political arguments '' are the basis of your identity .
i do n't care what your politcal ideology is and i don t care .
the amount of people who think they are so important by saying they are a anarcho-capitalist '' or a democratic socialist '' is pathetic .
simple as that you mostly likely grew up eating junk food and playing video games .
if thats the hardest thing youve ever had to do then that 's syaing something .
stop acting like you are members of the french revolution or slaves in 1800s america .
you are simply an unimportant figure in human history and are desperate wasting your life away on your computer worried you will be easily forgotten when you die .
time to turn off the computer start working out make some money grow my relationships and pursue my hobbies .
i 've been unable to use require correctly since it 's always returning an error in remix .
this seems pretty obvious but i ca n't figure it out .
transact to browser/property.sol property.addstay errored error vm exception while executing eth_estimategas invalid opcode
anything i can do to help myself diagnostic this error ?
remix does not seems to keep value over transactions resulting me sending a msg.value of 0 my bad .
a really interesting scene could take place where the victim overwhelms the user with the sheer amount of power they have .
i realized when i told my boss i was leaving with a shaking voice that i get to do job interviews with this damn wobbly voice and hands i ca n't keep still .
i just needed to bitch to people who get it .
got 2 zombie supply drops after prestiging and neither counted even after reseting ps4 .
i just need some help.. my longest streak was 18 days i started nofap about 5 months ago .
although i my streaks were short in the beginning they were longer and longer after more tries .
now i am back at the beginning 2x a day and i do n't want it .
i need some facts what fapping does to your brain which hormones do exactly what etc .
maybe some good links to videos about nofap/hormones etc .
just relapsed a few minutes ago and the shame and regret is huge .
this turned out way longer than i meant but i really needed somewhere to vent .
so this happened on monday and i 'm still reeling from it .
for the past two sessions our gm has designed encounters that i 've not found very fair .
we had a halloween session two weeks ago where up until the last fight i had fun .
then he hits the party with a group wide sleep spell that all but one of us fail .
the next turn i was coup de grace 'd and sat out for the last 20 minutes of the session in a less than pleased mood .
i spent the next few days in a funk about it but talked to some friends and got over my misgivings .
but last session the dm decided to start using premade campaigns instead of homebrewing it for the sake of time .
some of us roll up new characters some of us do n't .
our party ends up with two sorcerers a warpriest a shaman and a bushi that i played with dm permission .
we start at level 7 and spend 16k gold on equipment .
so to keep the whole meeting from being character creations he has us run a test combat to see how we do .
in comes the cr 11 adult black dragon that starts the fight with mage armor 120 feet in the air
now for those who may not know an adult black dragon has an ac of 28 naturally .
circumstance keeps one sorcerer from joining us but the other starts by casting fly to move into range for a thunderbolt .
the other three of us do nothing since two of us are melee and the shaman does n't have spells at that range save for fog which the dragon promptly flew above .
i know i should but i did n't want to give up the fight and try to intimidate it to get it to land and face me .
with bonuses and a nat 20 i roll a 31 .
i 'm informed that since the dragon has 18hd and is 2 sizes large than me my final score of 27 wo n't make the dc .
in fact based on its will save i will never be able to intimidate the dragon .
as the fight progresses our warpriest can heal our caster so finds some enjoyment in that .
our shaman casts stinking cloud and for about 6 rounds the dragon can do nothing .
the caster hits me with fly and i swing feebly relying on my keen katana to crit so i can actually hit .
as you can imagine this happens all of twice and never confirms .
again i sit during most of the fight admittedly a bit upset about the situation .
i manage to finish the dragon off after the caster does 3/4 of its hp pretty unsatisfied with the turn of events .
the fight ends and i turn to my dm and say that was way too hard for us ''
no it was n't '' was his reply then he launched in to a lecture about how i ca n't always be in the spotlight '' and not every fight can be easy '' .
this leaves a sour taste in my mouth as i was just asking to be relevant each fight and not sit around .
i 've talked to some of the other members of the group i 'm about over it .
tells me that my bad mood when things do n't go my way '' is keeping other people from having fun .
well i do n't take to kindly to that .
in hindsight i should n't have confronted him but i did .
told him that i was n't having fun asked if he thought an 80 chance to miss a creature is fun .
asked why me asking to not sit there doing nothing is so bad .
he answers none of my questions and then states that i might want to find a new group .
as i 'm talking to my so and other members of the group i see someone posting pathfinder things in discord about an hour later .
a group member confirms what i began to fear .
an hour after being kicked from the group he replaced my so and i with my so 's ex and another person we know .
talk to friends none of them agree with it .
he tries to tell me we can still be friends .
i can apologize for my actions after reflecting but i do n't want to associate with someone who so casually throws us aside without regarding how we might feel .
i do n't want it to come between my group of friends but i know it will .
i 'm at a loss of what to do .
this post is really me getting it off my chest and i 'd like to see what unbiased third parties think of the situation .
tl dr do n't have fun at sessions and sulk a bit dm confronts me about it replaces so and i when i try to argue with him about the problems i was having .
edit i want to thank everyone who has taken the time to reply to this .
whether you agreed with me or not i appreciate your input into the situation and will try to use it to improve moving forward .
from the bottom of my heart thank you for showing me such a vibrant wonderful community and for allowing me a cathartic experience .
took a few days of grinding but we just finally got him .
happened to get 32nd on the leaderboards too and top 10 team .
our strat was 2 adcs cupid and cern and aphro .
me and cern were high lifesteal and crit builds and just kited all the enemies in the final area for easy safe clear .
as for loki it 's just learning his moves and killing him .
overall a fun experience imo and ca n't wait for nightmare
posting on this sub because i found a few mentions of echo nest here .
i 'm looking to use the echo nest api for a project but ca n't seem to register for an api key .
looks like their registration site has been down for some time
anyone know if this is temporary or would n't mind sharing an api key ?
2015-mid 2016 5 appointments with my gp 150 each .
late 2016 tried perscribing tamagent 30 took for 3 months no results
2 month wait attempted to freeze the wart off 380 no results
feb 2017 made appointment to a different dermentology clinic .
nov 2017 made another appointment with the same clinic for january 2018
so far i have spent 1580 trying to remove this wart over the course of 3 years i 'm starting to lose hope that
i 'm thinking about just buying some anaesthetic off the darknet and cutting
the wart goes pretty deep so i would have to cut pretty deep .
here 's a picture so you know what i 'm dealing with https imgur.com/a/kmyz4
i have several smaller warts on other fingers as well but this one is the biggest problem one is actually mostly under a fingernail and quite uncomfortable
http commonshopping.com/msi-mainboard-ms-5156-b-attx4-mainboard-new-in-package for msi mainboard ms-5156 b.attx4 mainboard new in package
there was an old lady in probably a mall and she goes up to a counter and asks the guy if they wrap .
the guy yells to another hey do we wrap ? and then the counter slides away and they do some kind of rap song and dance .
after the song is done everything returns to normal and the guy says yeah we wrap .
my sister is visiting boston and i would like to ask her to buy for me .
if they are what are the names of the drugstores ?
at first i was disappointed r/dxm/comments/7a51v6/i_tried_that_bupropion_dxm_antidepressant_dosing with the combination of 300 mg bupropion with about 60 mg dxm in the morning .
since then i have tried a combination with a higher 1st plateau '' dxm dose 3 times and that is certainly not disappointing .
this combination is very different from dxm by itself and definitely not just like a 1st plateau experience .
the mood uplift compares to what i might experience during the comeup r/dxm/comments/7b6b47/do_you_get_a_short_intensely_euphoric_period_near and maybe peak of a 3rd plateau trip .
but at the same time my mind is relatively clear and unimpaired .
the only significant issue is a feeling of rushiness and restlessness .
it 's weird thinking about all the high dose dxm trips i did to get to this state .
i kind of like getting fucked up but it also has its downsides .
also i before i found good syrups i was willing to face diarrhea nausea and vomiting to feel this good .
this really seems like a ridiculous level of good feeling compared to how i feel normally .
i have really bad shit in my life which i wo n't go into now which i might think should pull me down .
it 's not simply dulling pain but providing a positive perspective .
it seems like a rational and constructive positive perspective too not something that would make me do like what people with bipolar disorder do in a manic state .
it 's kind of like the idea discussed at https www.biopsychiatry.com it may be that good .
it 's a motivational good too not just a chill and enjoy it good .
the only issue is that i know this feeling ca n't last unless i keep dosing this way and i would need a sustained good state to use that motivation to accomplish significant things .
right now i do n't know enough about how frequent dosing like this would affect me so i guess i should n't do that .
i 'm not really sure what to do about this discovery right now .
two weeks ago the ecu irates headed down to wilmington nc to partake in the camp that ecu 's own mike gerics has run for the past number of years now .
as one of the captains of the current team we always take pride in the illustrious history of our team and getting to spend a weekend with mike g was quite an experience .
this was a first for many of the current players on the team .
the irates have n't gone to the mike g camp in some time and we were all super excited when we got the opportunity to go for the weekend saturday sunday camp sessions .
mike g 's main focus was on the fundamentals of the game .
from throwing mechanics footwork vertical stack cutting force middle and the list goes on .
the camp gave an opportunity for our team which is young and from many different sports backgrounds to not worry about all the minor details of the game but the overall basics that will win you games if practiced correctly and regularly .
we arrived to the camp hungry to learn and improve and with ears open to gather all of the notorious mike g saying and quotes .
our team left better than when we arrived and since then have begun to incorporate many of the things we learned at camp into our regular practices .
this was an extremely beneficial experience for our team and it is something the irates will definitely do again in the future .
i️ highly recommend this camp to any team does n't matter your skill level or gender division there is something that everyone can learn at this camp .
the irates are grateful to have alumni like mike g and as he told us in our last huddle at the end of the last session on sunday afternoon with some time and a lot of hard work we will be champions again .
the calc 152 professors teaching this semester are going to be gupta bahri molnar banerjee scheffer and ullman .
banerjee seems to be the rmp suggestion but i 'd like some other opinions on who 's good for what i 've heard is a very difficult class .
for reference i 'm in scheffer 's 151 right now and doing okay b and i would n't mind taking him again but if there 's someone better for 152 i 'd really like to know .
the international space station https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_space_station or iss stands as one of the world 's crowning achievements .
having visitors from eighteen nations https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_international_space_station_visitors this is truly a sign of global cooperation .
agreements by russia and the united states https www.independent.co.uk/news/science/russia-and-the-us-will-build-a-new-space-station-together-10140890.html have promised the development of a new station to replace the iss the hope for this continued global endeavor to study the stars is strengthened .
officials from nasa spacex and the department of state have arrived in canada japan the russian federation and the eleven member states of the european space agency https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_space_agency to discuss the replacement of the long lasting station which is due for decommissioning next year .
however to great expense this can be extended unto 2028 which is a final deadline for operability .
inviting these nations to a conference in houston texas for the specifics of the new station it will be held at the johnson space center .
luckily i did not really lost a character name but actually got some back i lost after the first mergers in 2012 .
but i have another problem resulting from the fact that i had the same char names on multiple servers .
with one char its superbad the character with wayyy more played time needs to be renamed the twink '' only few days played kept it instead..
that sucks but i thought no problem then i delete the twink i do n't need it anymore .
but now i 'm not able to give the old '' char that name again it always says your name contains invalid characters '' in the rename window while it is possible for me to create a new level 1 toon with the same name without any problems which i 've done temporarily now ... amusing .
i want the name back on the correct character but that seems impossible .
tl dr while a specific name works when i create a new a new toon with this name it does not work in the rename window because it gives the error invalid character name '' .
and yes of course the name save '' toon is deleted before i try to rename the character .
i renamed the flagged character and gave it a totally different name .
now i bought some of this reduced character renames from cartel market and used it to rename the char again .
well it asked me if i really want to choose this new name '' i clicked on accept '' and nothing happened the rename did not work still has the same character name as before and the cartel market rename token vanished .
so now i 'm in the same situation as before but wasted 300 cartel coins .
ticket got closed absolutely intolerable i 'm so mad they did not even read what i wrote .
do n't know what to do to make them even read my ticket what the fuck is wrong with them .
i will try the phone support later but i guess it will make no difference..
thanks for contacting us about having to rename your character s or legacy in star wars the old republic .
we know how much you care about your character names so we 've done our best to make the outcome of any character name clashes as fair as possible .
if you 're a free-to-play player you have n't logged in to the game since july 26 2017 and your character is under level 10 you will have to rename your character .
if you 're a premium player subscriber your characters have priority over free-to-play and preferred status players when it comes to their names .
if more than one premium player has the same character name the most active player gets to keep it .
our main goal with this was to make sure that players who have played more of the game on their character would get to keep their names .
we believe that this is the fairest way we could handle forcing renames .
if you had more than one legacy across multiple servers in a region we used the one with the highest legacy xp on it as your legacy name on the new server .
if you had more than one legacy at max level we assigned one of your max level names as your legacy name on the new server .
if you 're unhappy with the legacy name you were assigned there is a sale on legacy renames in the cartel market at the moment to make changing your name easier for you .
we appreciate that this means disappointment for some but we 've been clear about our intentions when it comes to names since the united forces update was announced in early october http www.swtor.com/info/news/news-article/20171002 .
customer service will not be making any changes to player names as a result of united forces .
the star wars™ the old republic™ customer support team .
talked to the customer support via phone they confirmed that this is a bug existing quite for some time because the character rename tools '' use an older code base as opposed to the character creation .
while the newer algorithm allows special characters as first character in a name the older one does not .
there were complaints by players in the past and she the support lady said she will forward it to the dev team that this will be fixed hopefully sometime..
the support team on the other side is not able to change the character name or more precisely they are she even tried able but they have the same tools '' like players so they get the same error when it comes to rename a character with a special character as first character in the name .
conclusion there seems nothing one can do i have to consider it done '' and wait.. maybe some time in the future .
dear u/emusco can u look into this to fix the rename function for chars with special letters ?
with the new patch and all i was wondering what everyone 's thoughts were on how to build necro .
currently i have no idea how to build him .
i am not even sure what boots to build .
i know he can go a lot of situatuonal items too but in what situations would you pick up a blade mail vs veil .
the cat will not settle into a domestic life of just lazing around and watching television .
he prefers to go stalking the dark streets at night encountering stray cats fighting said stray cats singing songs of love and enchantment towards female cats all that stuff .
i try talking to him but he does n't respond to my inquiries .
i am only concerned i told him days ago you are not a stray cat yet you act like one .
he just goes on munching the fish i placed on his special plate on the floor .
i tell him to at least stay at home for a night or two in order to look at the recent mouse situation and he just munches on unmindful .
pvp videos from back in the day hold some high nostalgia value for me personally rather it be a reason why i leveled a class or even discovered a new band .
figured i 'd see what everyone else has and maybe discover some new ones ?
so what are some pvp videos from vanilla that you enjoyed the hell out of ?
https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=rgbnjelkgok t=504s i always found this video crazy back then and made me want to level a warrior badly but i never did until wotlk oddly enough haha .
saerdna https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=rnlqeisewcc index=1 list=flmvmfxhrxixeeeoelwsqcoq this was one of the videos that made me create a rogue and eventually main it .
click the res subscribe button below if you would like to be notified when comments are posted .
all sub rules https www.reddit.com/r/cryptocurrency/about/rules still apply in this thread with the exception of rule 2 .
breaking news should be posted separately from this thread .
to view live streaming comments for this thread click here https reddit-stream.com/comments/auto .
account permissions are required to post comments through reddit-stream.com .
i often go to random cam sites and look for girls to masturbate with and when i ca n't find one i go to the gay section and find guys that look effeminate enough and make them wear women 's clothes i do n't know if that makes me gay .
i guess i like to show my penis even though it 's not really big .
im not going against taxation and all i pay all those taxes btw more than anyone in india
so you all know that prices are pretty fucked up in india
i mean gtx 1080ti is for ₹50000 they are selling jt for ₹70000
i want to save money or atleast put my money where i dnt have to compromise
is there anyway of getting this things cheap in india
i mean getting at prices at which they sell in other country.. ?
in a far a way land there was a monastery where an angellic sounding choir would perform on a yearly basis .
one day a young man was recruited by this choir .
his beautuful tenor voice made all who herd it stop in amazement .
one thing you should know about this land is that music has magical properties .
as such the study of music and what it can magically do is wide spread .
well this monastery was well known for both the beauty of the music its members performed but also for its strive to learn all music could do magically speaking .
as such this young man with the beautiful tenor voice was trained from day one of his joining the monastery .
and each day his knowledge of magic grew as well ... .
the first time the choir performed after he joined this young man his name was sam by the way had an imporant part to play .
you see sam had a solo in fact a single note he had to sing .
when it was time for him to sing he stepped forward .
as sam sung his single note everyone stopped to listen to this beautiful note this young man sung .
and smiled a little admiring the grace of this sound .
up until the 6th time he had sung his now famous notes .
to top it all of each note that was sung by sam became more beautiful than the last .
each year people would gather to listen to this boy sing .
his 6th year and 6th magical note were no different .
his 6th preformance was so beautiful in every way people where crying for joy months after the preformance .
it semed as if heaven itself would be commonplace and to plane in comparison .
when it came time for sam to sing he stepped forward sung his note .
it was so vile in sound pitch and tone that every one flinched .
it was so crude sam suddenly burst into flames and died .
confused as to what happened a member of the choir askes a friend what happened ? ''
a little confused herself the friend turned and said sam sung note 7 ... . ''
i mean the game is coming out in less than a week and we still have nothing .
the trailer that was released a few weeks ago showed the ps4 and xbox one versions of the game but none for switch .
is the game going to run terribly on the switch and that 's why we have n't seen anything ?
if i missed some piece of footage or news i apologize .
l am relocating for a job and need to purchase a new bed .
l 've always just bought basic wooden bed frame headboard combos from ikea .
right now i 'm looking at a few different tufted headboards and see that they are all sold separately .
what kind of bed frame should l purchase for these ?
or is the headboard just mounted on the wall separately ?
we have been in relationship for 4 years now broke up once very early this year but now we are back together this was because i lacked communication i didn´t trust very well either and i honestly was n't a man enough i let her and other people walk all over me i forgave to easily .
this was all because i grew up with single emotional abusive narcissistic mother from young age until today .
i discovered 12 group few weeks ago for people who had rough childhood life and people with codependency issues i started to attend 5 weeks ago once a week yesterday she asked me because i did n't go it 's on very wednesday and i 've been working a lot this week and been tired so i decided to skip it my gf asked me why i was skipping it then she asked what people are there which the people in the group are not allowed to talk about who attends .
i said to her i ca n't talk about the people who attend it 's not allowed and i respect that rule she got mad started to ignore my text message silent treatment i think it 's called then all of sudden she asks how many females are there on this bs ?
i simply told her that i did n't know overall there are maybe 25-30 people and she was said i was n't asking about overall ... i was asking about how many females !
so i told her not that many and she said what do you call not manyyy ?
so i said maybe around 15 females and guess what she got mad and said not that many mhmm and after that she has been giving me silent treatment and answered with short answers not that it affects me anymore but it 's very childish of her to do this and i 'm not sure how to handle this this group has helped me in someway like i 've been doing my own way more than normally and said no when i do n't feel like doing something .
tl dr girlfriend gives silent treatment and short answers because there are females who attend the 12 step group i go to .
i 'm looking for a tailor to work on some jeans .
they 're a bit baggy around my shoe and i want a more modern tapered look .
i 've gone to an elderly lady and she was n't aware of modern styles and messed up a pair .
i 'm a freshman in college currently more than halfway through first semester .
and everyone i 've ever told about this just tells me you 're 18 you 're still young just be patient '' and other things like that .
i 've been trying to do all i can to meet new people and for all that effort i have n't made a single friend who 's a girl .
and by friend i mean someone i actually hang out with outside of class and stuff .
i 've been getting involved with lots of things relating to campus life and most of the time i talk with the people i sit with in lectures only made like 1-2 friends this entire semester this way .
i was with a girl and we were cuddling and eventually making out .
but when i woke up and realized what was not happening i got super sad .
these are feelings i have never experienced with an actual person and it makes me feel like a fucking failure .
it 's just making me feel like i 'm worthless or something or maybe i suck at making new friends i do n't know .
i 'm not bad looking or overweight or anything .
the only thing i can think of is maybe i come off as too shy during conversations or something .
please help this is actually fucking with me really hard .
i almost started crying today after coming back from the gym just due to how worthless i felt .
so it 's been highly speculated that darlene is going to die this season .
in the last episode 3.4 angela disobeys direct orders from irving by performing a hack herself .
this obviously wo n't go unnoticed and there 's a good chance angela could die because of it .
now we have both angela and darlene as candidates to die this season .
could elliot be forced to save one over the other ?
kind of like a batman in the dark night scenario .
i mean he loves both of them and they both just stabbed him in the back so he 's already broken to pieces .
i would n't be surprised if esmail does this to elliot just to completely shatter his psyche .
it 's a norwegian film that is being released in the us on friday .
the basic premise from what i gather is that this lonely girl develops supernatural powers after falling in love with a classmate .
and if so what are your thoughts on the movie ?
this is my first year at ucf and i usually play 1-2 about twice a week in daytona .
was wondering if their was any home games or something similar near ucf i would be super interested .
https docs.google.com/a/vusd.us/forms/d/1csvxgh8wzzux1g30vmpe1_1pbetvnm1olyogqritqqw/edit ? usp=drivesdk chromeless=1 mods if you want to sticky this to get the most possible responses that 'd be dope .
i stumbled across this and was wondering if this was a good deal .
thing is i do n't have a m1 license yet and my budget would be 1k-1.1k .
if i negotiate it down a bit i would be more confident in buying it .
i have a brand new unopened samsung 1tb ssd 850 evo from newegg .
i bought this wanting to replace an imac dead ssd but it turns out replacing that ssd is much harder than i thought and it probably would n't increase performance on a 2010 imac .
i have the receipt from newegg and what not .
edit3 as i say this its actually on sale on newegg for 270 with some promo codes just a heads up rip
edit if you need more pictures just tell me !
so i handle media for our store for the most part .
our ft merch guy pulls me aside one morning and says that i 've not been productive lately and if i do n't step it up he 's gon na have to replace me .
i 'd really like some advice on how to improve like what are some rhythms you guys use so i can be better at my job .
i 've been doing this for a year and maybe i 'm just getting burned out from not taking any time off .
it 's probably just my imagination but for the past couple of days my car seems to randomly get super sensitive to movement in the air .
like ill just tap forward or back on my joystick and immediately be nose up or down when i 'm used to having to pull back further for longer to get that orientation .
i havent fiddled with the sensitivity or controller deadzone in months .
https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=z6q8xo_d5eq president martin van buren 's campaign accused william henry harrison of being happy to sit in a log cabin drinking hard cider .
harrison 's camp turned it around and portrayed him as a common man .
the election was in 1840 ... how different was their beverage from what can be found today ?
they 're often really hot and because of their high status in society are untouchable which makes me really want to touch them in all the wrong or right ways depending on your perspective .
mix this up with some good ol ' misogyny and you got yourself a happy boy .
these mostly involve non-con bimboization mind control bdsm pet play forced clothing humiliation mind break bullying body control and other good shit
some of the most beautiful women are being replaced minds wiped and filled with new thoughts becoming corporate branded sex toys .
they 're spokesmodels in commercials and functions sex toys for more back room dealings .
their outlooks are so wholly and fundamentally altered they 're not the same and it 's hard to determine if they 're robotic duplicates or the same person .
all the know is that they 're very different and very very enthusiastic to promote their product .
a celeb goes to a fictional country in south east asia ruled by a dictator for whatever reason ... maybe a performance maybe they 're filming a movie maybe they 're doing some humanitarian aid .
it is a closed off country and enemy of the united states .
the celeb is captured and reprogrammed to serve the state promoting the countries propaganda and campaign against the united states .
a powerful hollywood agent is looking to change how he makes his money .
using his contacts he 's hoping to recruit through unsavory methods some of the most beautiful and attractive women in hollywood to his underground speakeasy/brothel .
it 's a club for the richest men in the world to come and get their fill of these beautiful women and use them for their needs .
when they 're not playing escorts and call girls they 're strippers and burlesque dancers .
these girls love their job more than they loved acting singing and modeling and now they 're going to show that the only thing they love more than sex is money .
it 's the most satisfying new life for them and they 'll be happy to recruit their friends .
a new resort has opened up one that caters only to the most elite .
the reviews are rave with no one able to say a bad thing about the place .
what they do n't realize is that the resort is a front for what amounts to a prostitution ring .
the boss an arrogant middle-aged man up for negotiation takes various females that arrive and ... tutors them until they become willing geishas for his group .
alpha alpha alpha is a fraternity with a secret .
underneath the layer of them being a bunch of superficial misogynistic frat boys is a pact with hell itself .
possessing a book with powerful knowledge the fraternity can enslave any woman they want .
first they 're going to find the one sorority with the hottest girls .
second they 're going to enslave the sorority 's president .
to celebrate they want to throw a rager with live music and have their eyes set on a certain pop star or pop stars for the live entertainment .
welppp ... if you read all that thanks a bunch !
did n't see the lot marked as a pay lot but i️ got a notice from stewart parking solitions. anyone know if i have to pay it ?
what happens if i have a pending transfer and i unplug it before it completes ?
not that wargaming uses any logic with their balancing but can someone tell me how the vk 72.01 k is remotely balanced ?
this heavy tank has 750 alpha every 8 seconds ...
edit not sure why i halved the reload speed .
my brother is the support manager on the gm side of a supercenter .
there is an ap management requisition open at this same store that i would very much like to apply for .
this is the best tl dr i could make original http www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-41923967 reduced by 33 .
the colombian government says it has located 12 tons of cocaine in the largest drug seizure in the country 039 s history .
the drugs were found buried in four banana plantations in the north of the country close to the routes used to smuggle cocaine to the us .
president juan manuel santos said it was the largest drugs haul in a single police operation .
police said the drug stash belonged to dairo usuga also known as otoniel leader of the gulf clan one of colombia 039 s most dangerous criminal organisations .
in the last two months the security forces have seized 20 tons of cocaine in antioquia .
the gulf clan emerged from the remnants of right-wing paramilitary groups that demobilized in 2006 following a government peace deal .
in september otoniel told the government he wanted to turn himself in .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-41923967 faq http autotldr.io 240226 summaries so far . ''
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords drug 1 government 2 cocaine 3 gulf 4 clan 5
post found in r/news http np.reddit.com/r/news/comments/7bqluy/colombia_seizes_12_tons_of_cocaine and r/worldnews http np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/7bqoil/colombia_seizes_12_tons_of_cocaine .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic .
please do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
i have quite a lot of experience building pcs so let 's just get straight to the point .
to sum it up i need me a build that can handle most games at high-ultra on a 144hz monitor i have a triple monitor setup with 1 144hz monitor and the other 2 are just 60hz and also i will be doing some emulation including console emulation as well as virtual machines .
not much productivity will be on this build if that helps any .
i know a lot of local tech shops but i am near houston texas .
i also need a quiet build because my current pc sounds like a jet engine .
can i get some tips on how to play symmetra on attack ?
http commonshopping.com/stylish-mens-slim-warm-hooded-sweatshirt-hoodie-coat-top-jacket-outwear-sweater for stylish men 's slim warm hooded sweatshirt hoodie coat top jacket outwear sweater
how do you control your erotic thoughts/fantasies when you come across real women with hot and sexy figure or when you see nudity in hollywood movies/tv series ?
i am afraid it triggers pmo and that 's the cause i relapsed after my 19 day streak .
why many people does n't get so horny after seeing some random nudes in movies .
and they are more successful and more in control in every aspects of life .
on the contrary i am getting super excited even by small things because of which my struggle for nofap becomes harder .
probably they 're getting the dopamine from something productive .
sipping coronas and smoking weed on my yacht in the caribbean .
i live in philadelphia but i can do bwi jfk newark area .
no further than jfk heading north and no further than bwi going south .
having trouble finding color coded lyrics for this song but i 'm curious about who is singing the second part of the chorus https youtu.be/bd5sljjgxhk ? t=41s .
i really love his voice and feel bad not knowing who it is !
hey it 's me and it 's my 1 year anniversary here on reddit and i must say this was one of the best choices i 've ever made.i understand that this subreddit is n't really active but i 'll definitely find a use for it because right now it 's just spam and random things that come to my mind .
a mummy swamp thing dracula a werewolf any monster will do .
the real question is what do you do with me once you catch me ?
am i alone with you in a mansion i ca n't escape from ?
do you belong to some sort of culture and i get to meet/be used by your friends ?
do you desire me to become a monster like you ?
a fat hairy lonely man or perhaps a psychopath .
my game looks so dark and i ca n't get it to how it was by modifying brightness .
it also messes up the brightness of every other game i play after playing bf1 it turns them darker too !
could anybody please enlight me on how to fix this ?
i know the third option is n't what this subreddit is about but i 'm planning to use one of the listed options above to take videos while i 'm on my trip to japan .
i 've never owned a drone before and i 've heard i should practice with a cheaper one but i also heard that dji drones are easy to fly .
i have a capable phone to take videos but having a different angle when taking videos is why i 'm looking for a drone .
my other thing is having a good camera other than my phone is another thing i 'm looking at .
i 've been hard stuck deciding if i want to spend 1000 on a mavic or something cheaper like the spark .
now that scott has done this he can worry less on lore and focus on gameplay in my opinion he should go for gameplay in fnaf 6 but its his decision if scott do to so with gameplay focus in fnaf 6 i think it will be great to see markiplier scream like a little girl lol .
one with a twist and a bit of a spin .
also i have had that song stuck in my head for three days .
i checked the marketplace after the price increase on gamescom crates and noticed there isnt enough keys to open the crates ... is n't that a problem ?
distance has always been a big factor when it comes to keeping up with your relationship and is often used as an excuse for a break-up
i 'm moving to another city this wo n't work out . ''
although it 's true that long distance relationship can be very frustrating and tiring .
but whether things work-out between you two or not has nothing to do with distance .
there are a lot of benefits that long distance provide in a relationship
you learn to be more vocal about your feelings and issues .
you are also able to express yourself more allowing you to be more honest with each other .
distance has this ability to make you appreciate your partner more .
it allows you to appreciate your relationship in a deeper level .
you tend to see them in different perspectives which can be a great delight .
long distance relationship is always a good reason to travel .
not only are you traveling to see your beloved you get to experience and see new things that only traveling can provide .
missing someone is not always pleasant but sometimes missing someone is a good thing .
this feeling allows you to distinguish your true feelings for your partner .
it is also worth noting that it makes meeting up extra special and exciting !
it 's true that long distance relationship is not for everyone .
mostly those who ventures for ldr '' are those who are engaged with online dating .
there are a lot of success with the use of online dating sites like match and loveme
there is a reason why online dating has become a new way of finding true romance .
a lot of the members have succeeded in such sites are either married or are in a healthy relationship .
it is about time to relieve distance '' of being a reason for break-ups .
despite the frustration and occasional bouts of lonely nights long distance relationship can be rewarding .
online dating does n't seem to be as bad as you might think .
if you still have doubts with online dating or long distance relationship ... share your thoughts and/or story !
i was a competitive match when someone clicked on me to swap .
i ignored it because it was a champion i was not good at and suddenly it swapped me to the other champion .
i learned this is an issue thy has been going for a week now .
does anyone know if motogp.com will be streaming the valencia test this year ?
i 've looked for information but could n't find anything .
i 'm not discounting the possibility that i 've probably scrolled past it many times however because i 'm an idiot .
every person who wants to buy mayuyacoins must pm me for details .
every mayuyacoin will be on counterparty dex once buyed ath the stablished ico price .
i made 10 blue accounts just to chose red for my main account but is still not available ... some tips ?
all my friends are red i do n't want to chose blue .
even tos and tng feature recently ended wars like the cardassian and romulan wars .
has anyone heard or seen if the brood lord can use infestation nodes ?
alternatively does anyone have the wording for the infestation node rule ?
hello i 've just connected to the game and i 've seen the halloween garage has disappeared and the mode too but i 'm still having those lovely franken and stein .
i can not use them in battle and they 're in the french position of the carousel .
am i the only one or is it a general issue ?
cashing out need all my collector stuff gone and stuff is n't priced similarly to when i played over a year ago .
ok so this is really hard to type out lots of thoughts not even sure if this is the correct subreddit..
i am a 23 y/o male last year of university have an entry-level job in the field that i like and i 've no idea where and how to meet girls often enough to actually search for someone who 's the right choice for me instead of just taking the low-hanging fruit like my ex girlfriend whom i met at age 21 through mutual friends lost my virginity to and after 6 months broke up with her when we failed to develop mutual feelings and the honeymoon '' phrase was over .
although i 've been told many times that i 'm good looking not super hot or anything mind you i am in a constant need of validation and i feel that i 'm slowly succumbing to jealousy and entitlement sometimes i even find myself having thoughts worthy of r/incels .
i do n't even know if i have a good personality .
i enjoy talking with people and people seemingly enjoy talking to me but you never know .
so i upgraded my xbox one to a xbox one x .
the only problem i now have is with world of tanks the hdr makes everything very dark .
the 2 sliders in options are completely to the right .
the tv-setting ks7500 eu-model are good for other games stuff .
my theory going deep moving far from the primary apex of a corner going wide track extending at corner exit .
in the new fm when you are in a match everytime there is no highlight the screen shows you your team ratings opponent 's and in the middle the informations that you want..is there anyway to hide all these like the previous fm where you could check what you wanted to see ?
is there any possible way to hide the fact that you are streaming or playing a game on a server and not hide it for others ?
i know that you can unlink twitch from discord but that 's just gon na take away the info from all servers .
i was taught to put the clip at the half way point tip to knot .
wonder how close that would be to the third and fourth buttons ?
trans-masculine is a term used to describe transgender people who were assigned female at birth but identify with masculinity to a greater extent than with femininity .
it 's for trans men non-binary identities multi-gender identities where the masc one is strongest and anything else that tilts towards masculine .
they 're also giving away tons of free things in gwent because they 're way behind hearthstone and they need more incentives to get/keep people playing their game .
cdpr seems to understand better than just about anybody else in the video game industry at the moment that good press is worth money all by itself .
how much upside is there to the i can clearly see how much tax revenue it 's bringing co and i 'm not a dinosaur that ca n't see past propaganda candidate ?
my name is colby and i live in texas .
i got my associates degree and right out of college found a great job with an up and coming small construction company so you may be able to do the same .
however i wish someone had told me that most construction management positions like construction superintendent or project manager etc ... require at least a bachelor 's degree .
if you have the time and the money i would recommend getting a bachelor 's degree now because it 's really hard to go to school and work hard at a job during the day .
if you need the money now i would recommend the associates and there is always the possibility that you find a great company that will reimburse you for further education .
i brought my little sister into my room to listen to some of his music and her first comment was this reminds me of that game with the robot girl that gets shot in the face ''
so i 'd say he 's got the right style going
without either hogging the spotlight breaking the game or pissing people off
that is so so important being able to create an awesome character without being the center of attention and letting others shine .
this is mine and this is mine and this is mine and this is also mine ''
i scale my expectations of software with the team/company producing it .
htc are by no means a small company and they make the hardware .
personally i would expect the software to be fluid and largely bug free totally bug free in a impossible illusive goal .
that being said i have yet to install viveport .
isis is nothing at this point so them holding a tiny urban center is considered a stronghold .
it 's nothing like raqqa or mosul but it signifies the collapse of the terrorist group .
you got ta knock that down baynes we need that highlight !
your right i agree with you it does n't make sense that a person working all day makes 5 and a redbull costs 2 that 's like a person in canada making 200 a day and the redbull costing 80 .
there are many wrong things in albania but it 's better to live in albania than every single country in africa most countries in asia almost every country in south america .
if you divide the countries in half from best to worst we would be included in the best so we are n't doing ok .
what i 'm saying is that for people saying it 's hopeless that there is hope and that it will get better .
it 'll only do what you tell it to.ride sensibly and you 'll be fine
the only thing i 'd switch is maybe brown shoes .
maybe a light blue shirt could help bring out the blue in the blazer and the grey in the pants .
i 'm just chiming in to say what people normally mean by muscle heavier than fat .
a pound is still a pound whether it is muscle or fat .
when someone is muscular they look more trim than someone who weighs the same but looks more massive .
there were some genuinely creepy episodes of mtv 's fear even with how fake it was .
im not sure how well it lived up but ill give the series a rewatch and hit you back with some episodes
there is talk about trying to get bitcoin futures approved for trade ...
you can see the unedited image down on this link so i 'm assuming it 's from idolmaster or some chibi spinoff .
eshonai is the book focus of book 4 so yeah its all but confirmed shes alive
huh did n't even notice that automatically read it as republicans ''
also is there anything anywhere where these dirtbags can rider a provision that 'fast tracks ' tax plan back down to 51 ?
i have cp which is why i had to use the bumper to steady myself .
i could try to bend and remove the smudge but i risk falling over .
my objective was to get a floating head by only replacing the thead component with stickyhead and letting the react magic do the rest .
must 've failed to watch him against alabama ... . probably the best defense in college football at the time
t r a n s c e n d e n t a l p a s s i n g
on one hand i really liked that i pretty much knew everyone on the alliance i was playing against .
on the other having to wait until 5pm est for any games to start sucked .
racism and being anti-immigration which are basically the defining beliefs of nzf outside of supporting racing are 'far right ' in american discourse .
american discourse is fucked but we should be able to translate this piece .
everyone i know who is sympathetic to nzf is also sympathetic to trump and the american far right .
we should n't be so quick to dismiss this piece despite its sensationalism .
while this piece is an outlier more than a few americans have seen 'anti-immigration ' and somehow linked the governments views to trump like xenophobia .
given winston is actually xenophobic they are n't entirely wrong .
oh that 's not me ... . that 's someone else that ready had the surgery done .
like they said in their comment there are plenty of other ways to test it .
if you 've done other sexual activity and it 's been great and you 've had open discussion about kinks and likes and dislikes and such and are on the same page that 's not going to massively change just because you stick a penis in her vag instead of fingers or a vibrator and vice versa .
he 's been called mikey at least since his playing in u of m. it 's not a new thing at all
so america so could n't get over its hatred of black people that it fucked over the 99 as a whole ... wow ...
it 's website used by teachers to give announcements and homework and shit
uh no that 's called double jeopardy and they ca n't do that .
plus if t-mobile 's and usc 's 700mhz blocks line up t-mobile could basically flip a switch and widen their b12 deployment to 10+10 in a lot of areas .
no because an 80 year old man wouldnt be posting on an obscure subreddit u fucking knob
nice sana you can do this from time to time .
when was the last time the miss a members even interacted ?
surprised i did n't see this linked but here it goes !
is there a reliable way to back up my data ?
stonehill defender and free from amber would like a word with you
the ones that originally come with the case are the corsair sp120 rgb you get 3 of them and they are on the front of the case so you 'll have to move them around or buy an extra 3 fans of the same type .
i think people have the corsair hd120 fans with leds around the side of the fan .
colours of the sp120 are red orange yellow green blue purple and white .
the controller also plugs into the case and there are buttons ontop of the case near the on switch and you can change the colours speeds glow style of the fans as well .
personally i enjoy looking at my case and i feel it 's worth it especially if you use your pc most days .
the superstar is accused of calling her former head of security a white supremacist
also the sexual harassment '' claim is that he came to her room to move something and she was wearing a skimpy nightgown .
if she 's done or said anything you can bet this crybaby would have mentioned it .
it sounds like a butthurt nazi trying to squeeze a superstar .
i understand your complaint however i think it 's disingenuous to fail to acknowledge that there is a deep and complex and i think still unsolved problem regarding the resolution of conscious experience with our understanding of what constitutes physical matter .
let me see if i can capture the essence of the issue that causes me the most confusion the modern view of the universe however complex chaotic and/or probabilistic can ultimately be summed up i believe as a history of stuff randomly banging into other stuff .
that is since the big bang every single bit of matter in the universe has in a simplistic conceptual model which nevertheless accounts for the overwhelming majority of reality continued along its path until encountering another bit which was until the collision event doing the same .
now despite the fact that we are able to overcome the seeming impossibility of such a situation to give rise to anything other than a great fucking mess that is by allowing for negative entropy to occur in non-isolated energy-rich pockets it 's still just stuff banging into stuff is it not ?
if so your brain states '' that you have no difficulty in identifying as the same thing as your momentary experience of reality not just the cause are no exception .
in this description of the physical universe it 's very difficult imo to find a way to integrate what we absolutely know to be true .
i would say we know it to be true that we do have free will in the sense that we know that when we act we have a choice .
the child burning ants to death with a magnifying glass has a choice as does the teenager strapping fireworks to his neighbour 's cat to buy popularity with his mates as does the pregnant woman woman walking into the abortion clinic we know that we have a choice and that how we act matters .
both of these models of reality are valid and they are both real .
the problem seems to be that they are independent of each other there does n't appear to be any way to derive one from the other there is no universal field theory '' and yet they both describe the same universe and in their own rights they are complete descriptions that do n't miss anything out .
i am not writing this to tell you that it is an insoluble problem just that i find it problematic and i think many who have actually given it any thought at all do also .
if you have a way of thinking about this that throws light upon these areas of confusion please try to help me see things more clearly .
we still do n't really have an upper limit on jiren 's power all we know is that he fought ui goku on somewhat even grounds but even there it 's not certain whether jiren was going all out not to mention we do n't necessarily know how strong ui goku was either .
as the top continues we might get a better idea but right now jiren 's still too much of a mystery .
based on their observations of your driving and your person
even then while overwatch may not be the biggest offender when it comes to loot boxes one could argue that they certainly played a key role in ushering in how regular they seem to be today
t mean hitting our targets it could just mean you are horribly cost ineffective .
for example we already have a case of smrt which was aligned with a target that turned out shoul
western european countries are doing pretty well in terms of governance and efficiency
apparently being stuck in political deadlock and not being able to do a single thing is now considered good governance which basically applies to all western nations .
the nordics are the exception rather than the norm and even they are not totally exempted from that .
and then u proceeded to claim that the key is building institutions and getting them with to operate with proper targets and laying down efficient processes '' .
both of which are missing in most western european countries but present in sg .
efficiency to change policies to address immediate issues is the defining trait of sg govt .
most western nations can not do that because of strong opposition .
just look at how the us tax debate is currently going .
yet to someone like u getting stuck doing nothing because u ca n't get policies approved efficient .
u can argue that having a process like that will ensure better policies being passed i can however point out that it have n't stop those countries from constantly doing stupid things .
millions of dollars do not mean hitting the target for sure but like i pointed out just about ever major indicator is showing that we are hitting the target the exception being the smrt .
so just because 1 issue does not hit the target somehow they become incompetent .
it 's so funny how pple like u can conveniently ignore all the good that the govt has done and just point to occsaional mrt to claim that we are in national crisis mode .
i guarantee u 'd get laughed out the door by most pple from those same western nation u mentioned .
i know this coz i got the same treatment from my us/eu colleagues
my cat had started having a few behavioral issues after her kittens were weaned and it seemed to be territorial more than anything .
once i gave her a private space just for her that the kittens could n't reach she chilled out .
she still has some food quirks mostly just trying to cover it when she never did before but otherwise never another issue .
she has only ever peed outside of the litter box when she could n't reach it .
we accidentally locked her in the bedroom thinking she was out and we left for the day so poor baby peed right in the middle of the bed 😩 that 's why i will always have a mattress protector !
if anything has changed try to change it back if you can and see if that helps .
also it 's not like he 's the only one .
brock hhh cena balor or all open users and it 's rather a joke .
when you ca n't do what you want switch to java .
queen elizabeth works fine with ap too but using ap only is n't the best option sometimes the he works better than ap !
yeah but i mainly made it because i needed a particular color palette for my laptop which is running arch .
tbh i do n't know of any os that has a logo that really strikes me .
no he 's not the other areas of his game are fine and they are n't benching him for tyler ennis
yeah i think i 'm just going to let things be and i mean if later on we still feel the same i guess yeah
yeah yeah yeah but the characters are there that 's the important part .
the specific identities is n't really important in this context considering the game itself makes several references to the legends .
to be fair rick and morty requires a ... ahh nevermind
you might recall the global recession caused lot of ppl lose their homes jobs pension etc ...
turns out that caused a whole lot of ppl to think wall street corrupt and opted to store their money as cash in fdic savings accounts .
now that the trump bump '' reference of time period not administration has fully taken hold the general public believe feds will print money as needed to keep the s p going up .
hence they feel safe and want to get in .
but when do you get in at record times ?
simple every time it dips 1 .. or so the logic goes which is why every dip closes up for last year .
for 2nd part if alice borrows 5 from bob and owns him 4 later.. then she should borrow every cent .
lot of regulated business that needs x in govt securities ... . rest is currency hedger/interest rate speculators
on any given day on average it should be the birthday of about 90 people who are subscribed to this subreddit .
sure not all of them are going to be checking out the post-game threads especially since there 's a decent chance they are out celebrating their birthday but it would n't be too crazy to expect some number of people in the single digits or more to do so .
plus that 90 is based only off of people subscribed to the subreddit and i know with 100 certainty there is at least one person posting in this thread who is n't currently subscribed and that opens up the possibilities of shared birthdays even more .
this submission was automatically removed at u/dank_memes54 's request and a message sent to the moderators .
if you have any questions about this please see the faq r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions or message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/imagesofwashingtondc message=https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofwashingtondc/comments/7bri0j/picture_i_snapped_from_the_washington_monument/dpk8j5m .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/imagesofwashingtondc if you have any questions or concerns .
people joke a bit but it is tougher than just that .
i think humans are hardwired in a way to continue to do the same general thing .
doing the same thing that keeps us going is what keeps us alive .
anything that keeps us alive should be done and so the pattern persists .
we also have the uncanny ability to adapt change overcome and this makes it easy for us to fall into a safe routine .
routines that we often keep despite their negative influences .
the most important thing is to first realize that there is something to fix .
then work towards the solution to that problem whatever it is .
it 's not something that will change overnight and is n't something that is often easy to change .
question why you feel a certain way and try to discover the motive if possible .
question that motive and seek a solution or another road you can take .
the person in this picture is doing the beginning steps of this process .
if you 're at this point you 've already done the most difficult part imo .
this is obvious that the crew that did this did n't check the weather for the day .
a clear day is a must when painting outside .
the only crime u/spez cares about is what he considers crimethink .
anyone who likes their ownlife could potentially become an unperson .
shattering their gathering places gives him a doubleplusgood bellyfeel .
that means that you cant do it know if you want to know why just talk to the npc that gives you the quest and it will tell you why
i think it 's more important how we choose to express this .
eg voicing it verbally snooping mentally compartmentalizing it dealing with it like adults .
unfortunately i am not the type who will snoop as there is nothing that i wish to know and if i do i will just ask .
mine came out looking like an angry red little alien .
but he had these grey violet eyes that were amazing .
a 15 '' can push more air and would logically have a lower natural resonance or whatever but i feel like they get too flubby and do n't have a tight/fast enough response .
i 'm sorry i 'm really not trying to bust your chops but you 're providing incorrect information left-right-and-centre .
most modern speakers are full range and while the tone of a specific speaker will vary between models cab size and shape and cabinet ports may have more impact on the sound of a cab than the size of the speaker .
for example a gk 115 might sound brighter and tighter than an ashdown 410 because gk designed their cab with high-end tightness in mind and ashdown designed their box to provide british-style warmth .
under all that fiery exterior there 's probably a dere side to her that 's worth aiming for .
also if this is the second post to your series then please keep it up .
really gives me hope when i see such a great timeline !
when i was young i went into my local ace hardware which was basically like what you described when my bike had an issue with its seat making it near-unridable and i was a block away from there but several blocks from home and they fixed it in about 2 minutes and just charged for the cost of parts which was less than that of a chocolate bar .
wow i feel like we 've all be so misled by other information thus far .
i do n't remember reading anything about a window of contagiousness or that it was on vegetables or in meat either .
i was n't making a statement just thought it was funny in the order i was reading .
in case anyone sees this and is tempted to think it 's not a big deal this is absolutely a call 911 scenario .
they can roll over or spit up choke or even crying for long periods can be dangerous .
a baby 's cry means i need a basic human need usually milk or a change and their only way to communicate that is to scream .
a 911 call is absolutely the right choice and would in the us at least also result in the parents being monitored by cps and possibly required to take some parenting classes etc .
you totally bury the lede by talking about this as a landlord noise issue .
it 's a bit blurry but it looks really good apart from the face .
it looks like the facial shape is a bit off .
i always assumed top 20 is whales is it not ?
the soviets invested a lot into subverting american influence over central and south american countries .
bot created by u​ el_loke feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=el_loke subject=trendingcommenterbot 20feedback
that should give you some stuff to read over .
sad indeed but honestly sometimes the sadder scripts are far more fun to perform it 's a nice break from the usual when a script like this comes along
as a mac user i absolutely love my anne pro .
definitely check it out at aliexpress https www.aliexpress.com/item/genuine-original-anne-pro-compact-keyboard-base-seat-60-mechanical-keyboard-shell-plastic-frame-case-gaming/32706651828.html ? ws_ab_test=searchweb0_0 searchweb201602_4_10065_10068_10000009_10084_10083_10080_10082_10081_10060_10062_10056_503_10055_10054_10059_10099_501_10078_10079_10000012_426_10103_10073_10102_10000015_10096_10052_10053_10050_10107_10051_10106-10052 searchweb201603_1 afswitch_5_afchannel single_sort_0_default btsid=02a8ffd6-1c13-4e67-9168-99bde5dfe36e on 11/11 it 'll be down to 75 from 82
also if you 're gon na be using it in public do n't be like me and get the blues .
really regret not having browns when i 'm out and about .
he used to do a lot more of these back then .
in the future if you have any questions regarding any moderation actions please send us a modmail .
with that said it does look like your thread comment was removed unfairly or unintentionally and has been restored .
i 've been looking for a career all my life !
there was once a zoo with only a dog in it ... it was shih-tzu
this is what amazes me about travelling around the country .
despite people saying we 're so diversified here it 's bullshit .
it 's like every race is corralled into their own segment of the job market down here .
are you sure you talking about phones from the google store ...
some pixels will be carrier branded because of contracts ...
she married him for 3 years and came away with 1.2m or 400k a year .
according to sop 15k is the minimum bw copies to send to rpc
being socially awkward makes you more self aware but that 's it .
i did n't have to do any work and just when i was thinking to myself this is pretty nice i could get used to this '' out of no where .
i could see a whole section of the hall dedicated to newgrounds with a selection of the best/most famous animations and games .
sayang nmn di mo pinanood at na spoil ka .
my name is zenfold7 and i 'm awful at math .
i 'm also male but i 'm recovering from this condition .
it 's been 3 weeks since i struggled with a math problem .
i 'll head on to gen 6 in a moment !
it 's pretty much a junk common with a very minor foiling error .
so after double checking my pp account it looks like no one covered your spot when we raffled .
i know that u/chenzington81 offered to pay but that never happened .
i guess you still owe me for your spot .
personally i have n't found them to be that hot i think it would be just kinda uncomfortable
he totally could have stopped himself from falling all the way down if he just swung his axe in either direction instead of letting it sit straight up
its okay since speed is n't affected '' by weight lol or does n't even feel like it .
2 yes once you get your badges more and more 3s go in .
when open in park i usually green 85 of my shots .
i also have all my badges hall of fame .
so if you have any questions obtaining any of them just feel free to ask
there could be a very strong causative relationship between being abused and becoming an abuser that still would n't close the massive gap between the rates of child sex offenses committed women vs. men .
and even if it did have that generational effect those women would mostly go on to abuse boys who would mostly go on to abuse girls etc you would n't wind up with most abusers being women even then .
not that you 're wrong about the abused/abuser cycle i have seen data supporting both sides but this argument does n't hold up in the slightest .
i 'm here though there 's no reason to silence me .
i was able to fill out the silencing form before the deadline but it was close
they 're playing like it 's the second night of a back to back .
i figured people would take my statement out of context just to make a response .
you 're erroneously inferring conclusions i did not draw .
edit and of course there exists a double standard .
there are plenty of double standards that exist and always will .
our sexes are different and will sometimes be treated differently .
i never said anything was okay '' or acceptable '' .
i was born to be a good friend and i love you so much
its moments like this that are why i follow this thread .
i want to get into doing stuff like this .
what is your educational background if you do n't mind me asking ?
not necessarily the college you went to but how did you acquire these skills and should i just take an engineering class will youtube and a few books be enough ?
that 's alright i 'm just gon na come out and say it ... . you do n't need them .
there 's a big thing right now involving sexual harassment amongst british mps .
one cabinet minister has already been fired and a number of other mps across both the two biggest parties have had the whip withdrawn basically kicked out of their party .
in one of her latest motions she blabbers on about how sa is entitled to an evidentiary hearing because he met his burden of proof for newly discovered evidence .
she references how the trial court denied him an evidentiary hearing in his 2013 appeal and then she goes on to really emphasize how this decision was reversed by the appellate court .
this was right before she accuses the judge of abusing her discretion by putting on her science cap '' and incorrectly interpreting the evidence .
shit i wish i drew this good so t-god would hire me 😂
subway used to do fresh cut avocado when i started working there in 2004 .
i swear to god dude i feel like this has to be some sort of weird limbo or something where we have some of the hardest ooc games in the past few years and one slow year and people start shitting their pants and saying wisconsin only schedules terrible teams .
i agree with everything you said about cycle 4 !
before i make another post i 'll probably wait until each poll has been available for 3-4 days so plenty of votes come in .
i 'll probably end up doing 3 cycles at time like this one .
thanks again for putting the polls together they 're great !
but being in an environment that 's 3 degrees kelvin you 're still gon na be pretty flippin cold .
also how does the suns energy get to earth to warm us up ?
i 'm sure heat can propagate or else life would n't exist on this planet .
actually i think that 's cosmic background radiation noise temperature .
still i 'm just saying it 's very cold .
interesting why are you running reverb mines do they work well on thargoids ?
i dont give aa sht about upvotes you tendy fucking pussy
i was thinking wait like healthfood or what ? ''
then i remembered the u.s. is behind in socialization and has business run healthcare .
i would suggest that there not be a hierarchy amongst the pcs that they all be at the same level in the organisation .
so if there 's a skeletor type then all the pcs are his henchpersons or whatever .
the natural setup for the game is that the gm plays the 'supreme leader ' and sends the pcs on missions .
i got tired of having cases on my phone a while ago .
the interfered with accessories typically ruined the look of the phone and did n't seem to do much to protect the functionality .
i 've been using an iphone 5s for quite a while now sans case .
it really just seems like a waste of time .
i 've dropped my phone on tile wood and carpet with no ill effects .
basically unless you smear your hands with butter on the regular or live in mosul a case is probably an unnecessary expenditure .
however a good screen protector is totally worth it .
the bowl cut has been perpetually dying in 2nd grade for time immemorial
leave it to a netflix show rather than an awesome museum to get people excited about science .
i️ used to go there all the time as a kid .
i️ had a shirt that looked very similar if not the same .
excuse me if i 'm being blind/stupid but where would i find the settings to make folders inside the app page ?
while the player is on the court ... this is the number that represents points scored for the team of the player minus points scored by the opponent .
5 by randle means that while randle was on the court the lakers scored 5 more points than the celtics did .
too many eyes on booker when he 's flying to the basket .
ah yeah i just tried it out for myself .
the nikeids are always in limited quantaties so they will sell out eventually based on the colour of the upper .
looks like these either sold out or like you said are being disabled due to the off-white release they have disabled certain nikeids in the past for reasons similar .
id just keep an eye on it and see if they restock
you clearly do not understand the catholic faith or teaching on mary .
and i was beginning to think the umbric threat was long gone
it was exhausting but it was worth it in the end .
anytime i am feeling down or doubtful during an election i 'm going to remember this victory and work harder .
well it 's apparent you have little knowledge of the flat earth but have heavy condemnation of it .
anyways flat earthers generally believe that gravity is bouyancy and density with heavier than air objects falling and lighter than air objects rising as you see happen everyday with something as simple as a balloon rising .
others believe the attraction is also due apart to electromagnetic properties that everything has .
unfortunately your submission was removed for breaching the following rule
usernames/ids for online or messaging service such as facebook kik snapchat etc including reddit if a user wishes to be publicly associated with a success story for example they must reveal their own reddit username in the thread .
physical addresses or locations of any person/residence/workplace/etc including in images
you may re-submit a corrected version of your post as soon as possible removed posts do not count toward your weekly limit .
if you have difficulty reposting especially from a mobile device/app it may be be reddit 's anti-spam system which is beyond the moderators ' control .
the web ui may provide more answers including any temporary delay period you face .
what exactly does magath 's line have to do with pieck and the panzer unit ?
it 's been a while since i watched the 2003 version but i recall distinctly enjoying the storyline i did have to ignore some plot poking questions for it to make sense .
i liked where it was going with the homuculi as a whole and got super pumped when ed started to descend into old central o at which point it ended ofc lol .
i could not have been the only one waiting for octopussy ''
how would i make an extension that makes it so when i press a key it runs a script ?
l1 to open doors the door will turn green when it 's ready .
dude this makes it pointless to stop polluting the planet .
if climate change is n't real then there 's no reason to stop poisening it for the humans that occupy it .
typically you only have to do quests for content unlocks for whatever is the current expansion .
so for stuff added in legion some of it is locked behind quests .
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech and other incivility violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politicalvideo if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah was n't there an ifls article to this effect on facebook the other day ?
i only '' farmed around 50 copies of him.. he 's still only on 21 cd for me so ¯ ツ ¯
if it involves a maxed raid sabo ... . again another character where rng wasnt kind to me .
28 and the doctor finally took me serious about it today and booked me an appointment to talk about it .
a serial killer was murdering people and they were trying to find him through a dating site that all the victims shared .
turned out it was a mr. nice guy that went on a date with the victims but never got another call back or date again that he created a catfish profile of a rich more handsome guy who is a douche or something to them and he arranges a meet and the mr. nice guy shows up and shames them and kills them .
coincidentally that psa was exactly what i thought of when i read the title
or to make bfx clean no matter what happens .
they probably make no direct money with tether so does n't matter if tether is busted in whatever way .
newspaper subscriptions are up for the first time in many years and reality tv has been in steady decline since about 2014 .
girls be like i fell in love with his personality at first sight !
so i was just thinking i know that you 're german .
the planet is going to balance its own equation and our opinion will not trump its solutions .
history may turn out like one of our stories with something incredible happening
yeah i am pretty much banking on it but then i have been literally living by faith since late 2002 and somehow it keeps working out for me .
as to rough waters but also shore i do n't see it that way at all .
it is all waters to begin with safety is always just an illusion and that is fine once you get used to the idea .
rough waters brackish and black waters deep as fuck waters to be sure .
calm shit on the odd occasion serene as fuck every now and again .
always good fishing if you can stand the heavy metals heavy ideas and ideals .
the forest is most often used metonymically in reference to the mind of the reader waters often used to symbolise death .
fishing oddly enough is synonymous with religious pursuits https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=zkyuzgseyq4 ... symbols have that self-reflexive nature that betrays developed semiosis the telling of a story .
from gardens to computers to contraptions that get jobs done i can build it preferably out of something someone else just threw away .
in au we are hovering at somewhere around 38 real unemployment .
the majority of jobs that do exist create nothing and there is an entire industry that supports the unemployment industry through roles such as job search providers and staffing agencies a never ending tapeworm of middlemanagement being shoved between every person working and an actual job that requires doing .
i see these throngs of people wasting countless hours of their still valuable lives waiting in lines signing forms and having them checked thrice .
i ca n't help but think of what i could do with all of this human refuse the cast aside hours wasted in lines and uncomfortable plastic chairs .
then we could all knock off and slow-cook the middlemen .
that should be his offical title from now on .
however there are no real methods available to me aside from being hit by a train and i do n't want to put the conductor through seeing that .
you have to disable the v-sync in the game for example it will say 30 fps 60 fps 100 fps or the like .
also make sure you force v-sync off in your nvidia control panel in manage 3d settings .
that 's a global setting that will override all game settings if they do n't correctly disable v-sync .
i always wondered why people bought these now i know .
200 hours played for 6 years still have n't left for high hrothgar
thats why they are called boots of speed and not boot of only having one boot
but their sandwiches turned out to be less than 12 inches .
your submission has been automatically removed because it only has a title and little to none self text .
when submitting a self post you should expand on the title in order to get the discussion started .
for example when submitting a question you can expand on what motivated you to ask the question reasearch you already did and things you already know about the subject .
basically we ask from you to provide the things needed to start a good discussion .
please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/history subject=i expanded my post message=i expanded my submission for your review https www.reddit.com/r/history/comments/7bs3w0/how_was_julius_caesar_addressed .
once you have expanded your post so we can approve it for you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/history if you have any questions or concerns .
as long as motion blur can be turned off there is nothing else i 'd require .
i do see what you mean though an option for taking a graphics hit for extra performance is certainly an interesting idea .
it might come down to people crying out about it giving people an unfair advantage in multiplayer games though if some people are getting higjer framerates but for single player it could work
i️ recommend apple 's cable because with a third party you could fry you expensive x .
also apple limit the rights to usb c to lightning to only apple selling it so far because apple controls the lightning side of that cable .
if you do find a 3rd party cable be careful since it 's a high voltage going to you phone and most likely apple will block charging with that cable through software if it does n't have the made for iphone logo on it anyway .
oh you just nearly beat the vagabond in long ass game that you nearly lost in round 2 and the payout would be insanely high ?
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
are we absolutely positive that rather than his i just saw a squirrel '' face this is n't just his face ?
apparently saf was a big fan of klopp and wanted him to be his successor .
meanwhile zoe will do more dmg than that with a 4 sec cd from 1000 range without being fed
i have heard in military jump training it is the second jump that more people balk at .
i also heard that during dien bien phu the french military was running out of qualified airborne trained troops to drop into the valley so in desperation they started dropping people with no actual jumps but some briefings .
so that they were kicking out people at night into a rather small drop zone and found the that there was n't all that much difference seen between dropping fully qualified airborne troops and troops that had no jumps as far as getting people on the ground in dien bien phu that were physically able to fight .
i think they found more people that had done one jump refused to jump compared to the ones that were making their first jump .
i 'd heard that the french army did n't want to give the people that jumped without training wings '' and somehow i do n't think that is fair you spend years in the army go to school and get jump wings and might never do a combat jump and then they deny i person with the guts to do a night combat jump with minimal training as their first and probably their only jump and it being a combat jump into a very hot drop zone at night !
so while it might be more risky in some ways for a person that has no jumps and no real training to use a chute i think that the risks are smaller than staying with a sick or on fire aircraft even at night in the mountains i think the real problems are ... getting the guts up to use it and getting out of the darn airplane .
it might take a few seconds but if i was sure that the airplane was really messed up broken on fire coming apart i hope i 'd get the nerve up to use the chute and the fear give me the strength to get out ... i 'd have a chance '' and i like that better than hoping for a miracle !
have not routinely worn a chute did some in aerobatic flying as well as a little bit of jet warbird flying but if i was doing a lot of se night flying or warbird flying i probably would wear one and try to get up nerve to use it when things fit what marine hornet bro uses if the airplane is n't doing the right kind of airplane stuff it might be time to get out ?
since i 've never owned an airplane i 'm not so darn attached to them so that i might be willing to bail out and hope that the airplane hits something cheap !
interestingly the first reference to cannabis in the west can be found as early as the fifth century bce in herodotus ' histories describing scythian burial rituals
the scythians as i said take some of this hemp-seed and creeping under the felt coverings throw it upon the red-hot stones immediately it smokes and gives out such a vapour as no grecian vapour-bath can exceed the scyths delighted shout for joy . ''
but i do n't believe the romans used the plant recreationally .
here 's a sneak peek of r/microgrowery using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/microgrowery/top ? sort=top t=year of the year !
1 some people have a liquor cabinet i have a dank bank .
i lived on the 4th floor of the library and had subway and vending machine coffee every other day basically .
do it as a treat for getting work done only if you can .
do n't get hooked on coffee it 'll just raise your tolerance .
god is the highest authority not a king or an emperor .
the atomizer is going to make a much bigger difference in your vaping experience than the mod as long as it 's capable of the wattage you want .
the super tank mini is highly regarded and there are plenty of coils to choose from just search the sub .
otherwise seems like rebuildables are all the rage around here
the ones i have been keeping have blue highlights on them no matter what shader i throw on .
can you do an overall shot of the card ?
even if you do n't go into first person rp it 's still kinda dull to not even bother to give your reasoning behind the convincing .
if nothing else as a gm i 'd be prone to give a different response to someone who says i tell them about how i need to get through to try and get the cure to the big murder disease to the king '' than someone who says i tell them i want to get into the city because i just really want to you guyyyyyyssss .
'' refusing to even do the basics of roleplaying in a roleplaying game is n't the best playing .
not talking about ground forces nor ship crews '' .
it 's way easier to follow the bright color completly black hole '' than it 's to track a moving star spankled rare spankled object .
that 's the same category why ghillie suit are effectiv .
but if you integrate yourself in the background it 's way more effectiv .
yea that 's how you measure greatness websites and petty insults .
i 'm so fed up with this polarization to the point where i do n't consume national news anymore .
i wish i could do so but i 'm a journalist myself .
i 'm not so keen on double drops because 0x2 is still zero .
atm i 'm not so excited because of this 2nd anniversary of the game .
i still do n't have any reward from this great promotion '' wrote a ticket .
we just want to remind you of some important rules
definitions of these terms can be found in the legitimacy policy https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/policy .
that includes pokémon obtained from wonder trade the gts and passerby trades and may also include trades on other websites or with friends .
full details https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules must be posted when offering any shiny event or competitive legendary pokémon .
if your post violates any of these rules please edit it as appropriate and read the rules in full https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules before posting again .
otherwise your post will be removed by a moderator .
if you are a mobile user having trouble accessing the above links please retry using a different app or browser .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemontrades if you have any questions or concerns .
but it 's also ridiculously stupid it 's working off a completely flawed premise .
we know it 's almost completely about total earnings .
please search askfeminists for further answers if you want them .
my dad got prescribed the strong ones for his diabetes .
they make tools like gloves to help get them on .
it was a battle and my mom had to help him but he went from having purple diseased looking legs to healthy normal looking legs .
drink 3-4 beers at 250ml each with some bitterballen pick up a satekroket and some vlaamse frites from a febo and have an early night
for some reason i think i might have heard something several years back about adaptive testing .
i always had trouble keeping it clean behind the seats with lint and stuff it 's hard to get a vacuum in there
one of this subs biggest users eurasian tiger is one of the most at fault .
this sub is n't peaceful and the white man suddenly came in and made it racist .
there is literally another hapa sub that broke away from this one because they felt the narrative was too racist
well both me and my mate had the same issue at the same time and we use different isps so yeah .
bought one and sold it a few days later because the trackpad was beyond bad .
i did n't expected a macbook trackpad in any way but it should at least be able to track a straight line better than a 2003 cheap notebook .
why is revenge porn seemingly exempt from the third party doctrine ?
why is it okay for huge mega-corporations to sell out all of out data and information to advertisers and goverments to spy on us simply because they got the info from us first but when somebody gives somebody a image of themselves that person ca n't share it at all ?
not saying revenge porn should be legal i 'm saying the former stufff shouldn't be but i do n't understand the double standard .
to me it turns into final fantasy where the things you cared about initially are so insignificant due to your power and the only thing left to do is kill god .
i would run a high level campaign starting at 17th or so but running from 1-20 just seems like it would inevitably jump the shark .
something to point out its things like this that mobile games do to keep users logging in day after day and they generally give you a monthly reward for hitting 2/3rds or 3/4ths of the months logins super unrealistic to expect people to login every day
doing like a mission for first win of the day that gives some be and collecting 5 of them gives you a bit more be ?
resets every patch or so so its not abuse able ?
numbers probably need tweaking but the system is there and works for mobile f2p p2w games for a reason i know lol is n't pay to win but you get the idea
the op of that comment specifically avoided answering the question about what they do for a living
i would n't answer a question like that either .
whether he 's an astrophysicist or an enthusiastic amateur does n't make any difference if the information he 's posting is essentially correct which as far as i can tell it is .
someone mentioned magic kingdom and that is definitely not in anaheim .
one problem in some parts of canada is limited recycling .
in ontario i had a tiny recycling bin that accepted paper glass and only a few types of plastic .
in california i have a gigantic recycling bin that accepts all 7 types '' of plastic .
where do you think i had more garbage and where do i have more recycling ?
it 's not the only problem and it 's not everywhere in canada but we need to step up our recycling capabilities in some areas .
ok only if u/fertile_squirtle ' mom is my dick .
i like this change because of forcing the link to be in context and because it can eliminate the potential for click-traffic boosting
i have a couple of students who use them .
the 1070 are from my gaming pc that i already owned a year and the 1060s 250 euro each .
we do not allow threads asking for insight into particular specialties or careers except in the weekly stickied careers thread .
please check the wiki for a compilation of careers threads or search the subreddit or consider posting this in the weekly stickied careers thread .
edit the comment originally had a hanging 'and ' at the end but then it got edited and my comment makes me look like i 'm being a dick lol .
the saudis cant defeat the houthis for the same reason the us cant defeat the taliban
i think you 're forgetting that iris believes she is the flash as well ...
i 'm doing item requests takes like 2-5 mins to get an item you want
h 100 csgo keys w rl keys 10:27 or 1:3
bubbly 27 party time**|**21 gold rush alpha boost 1150 less in btc
so you go first or we use a middleman https www.reddit.com/r/rocketleagueexchange/comments/6p20o4/official_trusted_middleman_thread
if you want something else and dont see this item here contact me !
corollary question—are you good with noi/nge stuff like what gets put out by wu tang/public enemy/erykah badu etc .
this would just be more of the same for me .
i think that she is built like that because her appearance goes well with what she represents lore-wise .
she is the aspect of life the queen mother of the red dragonflight yeah she is a milf d .
i feel that blizzard always tries to represent visually the essence of their characters .
i mean their name is attached to every fantastic four movie did something happen ?
i think a little too much blame gets put on the ufc for fighters not becoming big stars .
they 'd jump at the chance to create a big ppv star if it were that easy .
he comes across as a bit of a cringeworthy bloke trying too hard when he talks .
cringeworthy does n't make people want to support you and it does n't make people tune in hoping you lose .
imagine an anime that looks at many others and says hold my beer . ''
learn how this woman got accidentally knocked up at the busiest time of her life !
i 've been through my share of mmos gone p2w and i find it just as off-putting as anyone else but i do n't think it 's worth spending the energy to complain about what the game or the devs will do somewhere down the line .
over the next year the devs will add many more paid packages and boosts and people will post that they game is going p2w and some of them will quit but many others will keep playing while some new players join too .
i would be much more interested if people posted suggestions for game changes or new features that they wanted to see in place of what the devs are doing as opposed to the copy paste of anger we see every week or two .
but it 's an open forum and people will post what they want i just feel the need to point out my own way of looking at it .
there are many who are still heavily influenced by the scourge that pietism http cyclopedia.lcms.org/display.asp ? t1=p word=pietism wrought upon christianity .
there is a popular phrase that comes up in these discussions .
we are called to be in the world but not of it .
this means we are called to christ but need not be overly concerned with enjoying what the world has to offer unless or until it would draw us away from christ .
we put our hope and faith in christ in his promise to create and strengthen our faith through his word and sacraments .
god does not save those who are only imaginary sinners luther writes .
be a sinner and let your sins be strong ie sin boldly but let your trust in christ be stronger and rejoice in christ who is the victor over sin death and the world. it is to christ not ourselves that we look for salvation luther is saying .
he is calling us to be honest about our sin—to recognize its severity—so that we more fully understand our need for christ .
we will commit sins while we are here luther continues for this life is not a place where justice resides .
we however says peter 2 peter 3:13 are looking forward to a new heaven and a new earth where justice will reign .
it suffices that through god 's glory we have recognized the lamb who takes away the sin of the world.
not arguing whether alliance should get another druid race but as for your lore you are a bit off .
the lore is there as we know from the gilnean humans who are believe were first taught druidism due to their desperation with poor harvests and crop yields .
those were not druids just because they had a very limited control over plants .
they were first of all extremely weak compared to an actual druid but they also lacked a lot of what a druid is .
it 's like saying someone who wields a dagger in a fight must be a rogue .
also even those harvest-witches were n't the first to use nature magic .
the reason they are sometimes refered to druids in game is because they learned of night elves and their druidism and was like hey that 's us ! '' .
it is literally just something they called themselves because they did n't understand what the night elf druids actually were .
they just saw some nature-ish dudes and figured they were the same .
to back up my claims following the chronicles it is clarified that the first mortal druid was indeed malfurion .
we also know that malfurion then continued to teach other night elves the ways of druidism .
about worgens being technically humans and druids well worgens origin from night elves but the curse later hit gilnean humans .
the reason some started being druids is because they were taught by night elves to control their worgen form and to continue on that path they started to study druidism .
lore wise however those are nowhere near a real druid .
remember it 's not been long since this started in wow events but night elves have practiced for thousands of years .
obviously it would n't work in-game to make worgen druids weaker so you do n't see this in gameplay .
so gilnean are to be druids though it is yet to be known if a human life-span allows them to rise to archdruids and such .
might be they can only become mid-level druids in their life or even less .
humans do n't have much lore as to why they should become druids .
night elves do n't teach them and why would they ?
human culture does n't embrace nature like the night elves does and they have short lifespans .
so the only lore reason would be they tried to learn themselves basically becoming what used to be a harvest-witch .
but as i stated before those are nowhere near the power nor ability of a druid .
personally i went for the kindle app on a samsung tablet so i can actually use the tablet for other shit because its not locked into fucking amazon my main kripe about my old kindle thats now farmed out to my good lady
call me an asshole but i usually go flex queue for practicing because in lower elos there 's just the right balance of who cares '' and try hard .
so i do n't play vs bad bots or fiddle adcs
i just realized i might be able to get a lot more space if i can shape the pen to my weirdly shaped room .
they 're cheap enough that i think i 'm going to get a couple and measure the space i can get .
why though iris scanner is debatably better https www.bayometric.com/iris-recognition-scanners-vs-fingerprint-scanners and more secure https community.giffgaff.com/t5/blog/fingerprint-vs-face-recognition-vs-iris-scanner-which-one-is-the/ba-p/20299336
i get the face scanner is less secure that 's a given .
but that does n't explain why they would rule out iris scanning
might be too much for even harry to handle given the nagloshi were in minimum security .
dat is natuurlijk ook een rare logica trapleuningen zijn nutteloos het is namelijk niet zo dat alle ongelukken bestaan uit mensen die van de trap vallen .
poe isnt nowhere near the middle of the standings wth he was top 3 in almost every single midlane stat during the regular season .
sorry but i had to remove your recent post on r/dirtysnapchat because your account was less than 6 hours old .
you are required to verify https www.reddit.com/r/dirtysnapchat/comments/1s8e3v/new_how_to_get_verified yourself if you want to post from an account less than 6 hours old .
please read the rules https www.reddit.com/r/dirtysnapchat/about/rules before posting again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtysnapchat if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm not a huge fan of fuzz through a blackface fender like i have now .
i do n't know why the gain on my timmy was so high in this picture but all the ods are set for various ranges of boost to kick the amp into it 's natural breakup .
when i own a british voiced amp again i plan on building a whole separate fuzz board .
if i read correctly it gives you a higher crit chance dmg and puncture
also no need to draw full yon grineer till like lvl 20 if you hav esome decent serration and 1 or 2 elemental mods
i do n't either but i 'm perfectly willing to believe she 'd threaten to if it got the results she wanted .
i 'm back to pillars of eternity right now and realizing just how rough some of the older engines and uis really were .
poe just feels so smooth and easy to use .
really makes my last month of bg1 feel cumbersome .
i know bg2 improves on that and i 'm looking forward to it but i felt i needed a more modern game to pull me back .
that part i knew albeit i still can not remember the name .
any idea where this 'costum ' comes from or the other way around why its not as common here ?
i could guess but i 'm not 100 sure i 'm correct .
frugality is definitely a factor but so are the increased portions in a lot of the western world .
the microwave and the oven must have definitely played a part as they would be the ways to reheat leftover food .
and dining out was n't always the insane price it is now comparatively .
it 's going to be online sure its got a right to having them in the game they will make billions from it ... .
they can then make games for years to come ?
the players choice is to buy them or not to
on the other hand the sub licks the ass of assassins creed and its full of them ... . make your mind up
it sounds like hell to me fortunately i do n't have to support my parents but there is no way i 'd have them living in my house .
i just bought my first pack from amazon a few weeks ago ?
i do n't see how it will shut up '' us .
if we do n't care about trophies then we do n't care still pointless .
if these are the same people that make nba 2k we are screwed .
i do n't play online at all and all that virtual currency crap is shenanigans from my perspective .
im sure its good for the companies financial portfolio though .
i do n't mind paying for additional single player content that extends the game though .
yea we are working to add more of the altcoins as we are still in beta .
is there any coin in particular that you would like to see be added in the next update ?
thats the hope and liverpool have been really good at home only conceding 1 goal in like 5 games .
and with puel taking over the foxes im hoping it improves their defence as well
care to name a slack handfull for my next visit ?
why did you guys try to lie about your age ?
you most likely would always just get warnings from cops as minors
one thing counting against taf currently are the recent purges but this will likely make the organization more unified in the medium to long term imo
this is something that plagues the arab countries ' armies for a very long time and will plague the turkish too if it stays that way
y'know if op went in an orderly fashion it might very well take a years to match every soda .
there 's 170ish in this list https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_brand_name_soft_drink_products and it 's missing import sodas henry weinhard 's sodas and i did n't see a single ginger beer ginger ale with usually some ginger pulp in it and the only store brand '' sodas listed are from sam walton 's money sucking scheme inc. and do n't even get me started on the soda roster of pop 's in arcadia ok http www.pops66.com/arcadia-ok-on-route-66 .
and how exactly does a human dress as a scythe ?
lol i thought it was a clip from a vid like jenna foxx tales vol 2 .
because the equity fund has a 3 year lock-in the fund manager can pick conviction stocks .
because there 's no capital-based categorisation the fund manager can pick stocks across large cap mid cap and small cap .
that being said do n't think an elss fund is bad just because it gives lower returns .
it could be that the fund giving higher returns is taking more risk than your personal risk appetite .
phase rush and electrocute are incredibly strong champs who do n't fit that playstyle and are forced to take comet are probably feeling a bit underwhelmed right now .
an economic disaster we had absolutely nothing to do with promise
i 'm a country girl from a small town .
i remain that way at heart now as i live in a larger town outside of a city .
where i come from there was one person like that .
she went by joey and looked like a man aside from her tits .
no one gave a fuck and this was back in the 90 's .
you do n't have to hate something and cause problems just because you do n't agree with how they live their lives .
you seem a bit too emotionally invested in the whole thing .
its only shit talk if you spam it after every single goal
you go zerker attack based with all the mana leech in the tree or you avoid facetanking with it and consider it as a temporary buffer for random big hits .
you should try to avoid auras and find other efficient things with your slots .
and yes it costs gear slots if you go regen and mana but it 's just like more opportunities to get life up to you to see if it 's worth it .
my zerk is an example of perfect fit where mana is just an extension of life at that point .
uses instant crit mana leech no auras no mana used for spells .
could use corruption too but i got bored after corrupting 75 rings .
go look at a list of islamic terror attacks in the us and tell me how many were trained or funded by organized group .
you do n't need to go to the training camps in the mountains of pakistan have secret phone calls with isis/al-qaeda head honchos or get million of dollars in funding to rent a car from home depot and drive at people .
hell in the us even getting a gun and deciding to shot up a place is a fairly straight forward and singular activity .
there are 65 million people in the uk who with no nhs is a good sized market for any private healthcare provider .
just find them more comfortable ruined by sds in that sense .
i am from the red midwest and have noticed in places like that women are always treated like this .
it 's like they believe that women are property of men or objects to be dealt with as they please .
the management would n't have helped you even if you had a crystal clear video of the mofo letting himself into your apt .
it 's disgusting but not surprising you were treated this way .
the concentration camps will be set up any day now .
i assume you meant golem with rock movesets were the decisive factor ?
but ca n't access the map ... ..is this a bug atm ?
edit 2 downloaded a patched when got home and restarted system works now must 've just bugged on me can play it now .
i 've been doing quite well primarily selling put credit spreads and occasionally buying calls in this ridiculous bull market .
however i feel like i 'm getting too comfortable/complacent adding long positions and thus leaving my portfolio dangerously exposed to prolonged market moves to the downside .
recently i have started to look for bearish positions such as call credit spreads in cmg but i feel like short setups in this market are far and few .
what are some strategies and/or ideas you guys have implemented in this current environment to hedge ?
i heard from someone that all classes end at 12 pm the day before thanksgiving .
from fractions import fraction fractions numerator+denominator f fraction 2 3 f 1 fraction 5 3 f fraction 1 2 fraction 7 6 .
people seemed to like the fudge i brought to ciderfest i thought i might give it to a larger audience .
btw it has 4 cups of sugar and 2 bags of chocolate chips for a single batch ... .be warned .
i have a friend who has an account on bitgo .
she has forgotten her password but still has her keycard '' which contains qr codes for her user keys backup keys and recovery script ''
i understand her user key '' is her private key with which she could regain access to her funds but encrypted .
my question is what encryption method does bitgo use to protect the private keys ?
i 'd like to try a brute-force attempt on the password but i need to figure out how to do it
apparently bitgo offers a password recovery mechanism but in her case the wallet is really old and begins with some set of numbers i will get further detail and they ca n't restore it .
not sure what 's up with that but tech support has not been very helpful at all
in searching i found this excellent discussion on the subject
which unfortunately has been archived and thus i can not reach out to the authors .
from the first response i see that if you printed the keys they are printed unencrypted and can be directly imported '' which means i may be ok but begs the question how do i directly import them ?
it got taken down within a couple minutes and it 's 50 now .
so i just finished the trial part of the campaign and did some arcade stuff but only played one match in the multiplayer
was wondering if anyone else is playing it cause i keep ending up in empty servers .
just started out on the ps4 and need some chill people to do missions heists and jobs with .
this thread is a place to post any minor topics that do not quite deserve their own submission .
the daily post should be utilized for questions requests track id 's general discussion as well as being a place to have some casual banter with your fellow users .
or feel free to join our discord channel https discord.gg/skrillex for casual chat with other people
please keep the discussion civil and be sure to follow the subreddit rules at all times .
i can honestly say that i hated the playground with a passion .
teammates never passed the ball and the dribble gods '' are the absolute worst !
if i pass you the ball and you 're wide open under the basket for an easy dunk or layup what sense does it make to bring the ball out to the 3 point line just to dribble for 10 seconds and miss a contested shot ?
i started to squad up with a close friend of mines of 8 years and a random and that has changed my perspective tremendously .
the past 2 days we 've had up to 5 game win streaks .
it may not be nothing major to you all but it 's changed how i feel about online play .
we just get on facetime and ball out for about 2 hours a day .
i still get the occasional sore loser that sends the message chill bum '' or the your you 're fucking shit '' sell the game '' i usually reply with a smile or thumbs up .
i 'm much older so that does n't phase me but all in all its a great experience .
for those that tend to still have bad experiences play 2k with friends .
i 'm sure god could have simply forgiven adam and eve in the garden but how would that have helped them ?
remember they were naked and ashamed '' that is what sin does .
how would accepting the words i forgive you '' be a permanent solution to lifelong shame ? ?
it would n't because it would only work until the next time they ate and then the insincerity and ineffectiveness of the words would be exposed .
in hinduism they would have to work off bad karma be reincarnated they would still have to die first and then hopefully in the next life they could get it right and stay away from sin .
but if they did n't they would have to be reincarnated again and again and again while they dealt with karma .
it is a social construct that judeo-christian-myth subscribers made up .
and as richard dawkins has assessed we are simply dancing to our dna as it reacts with the world .
can you imagine going to the survivors of the vegas massacre some of whom were right next to their loved ones as they got shot laying on others willing to be shot for others and giving them these paradigms ?
'' i 'm sorry but your loved one was shot because they needed to work off their karma . ''
'' it was allah 's will there is nothing we can do to help it . ''
'' i 'm sorry he 's just dancing to his dna that 's why he 's shooting .
christ having done nothing to add to the sin of mankind took upon himself roman crucifixion .
he is the only god among gods that conquers sin by going through it with us .
and from that platform he says i have forgiven you .
atheists what would you say to the survivors of the vegas massacre ?
edit also what do you make of the point that was made in the above quote that we are all dna-robots according to secular atheism and there is no sin and we are all just dancing to our dna ? ''
steam level up bot robodrop '' selling 1:18 160,000 cards 30000 sets
! buy amount of keys buy sets you have n't crafted for a specific amount of keys .
for example ! buy 10 ! buy 25 and etc .
! buyany amount of keys buy random sets for a specific amount of keys .
for example ! buyany 10 ! buyany 25 and etc .
! level level you want to reach how many sets and keys you need for the level you want to reach .
! check how many sets you can buy in total .
whenever i‘m running the terminal from its dock icon it starts with a weird glitch half of the time with its top bar being displayed as it‘d be out of focus .
hovering over the buttons makes them appear normal again the app name stays greyed out .
ctrl alt t opens it fine all of the time though .
i 've had people recommend putting them in the dishwasher but i do n't have a dishwasher .
i used to wash the black ones when we had the old uniforms but that completely destroyed them so they had no shape .
plus since i 'm full time my hat is fucking nasty .
so for rb1 i got and have transformed my osiris .
i 'm thinking of gtb for gold boost and get dracula for my 240 mvp shard .
edit should i also farm drake shard first or osiris shard ?
currently drake is level 62 explore and osiris is level 60 combat .
i 'm visiting my boyfriend this saturday and i 'm thinking of doing something a little raunchy and only wearing some sexy underwear under a woman 's trench coat .
i 'm not sure if it will be too weird though .
would you be weirded out if your so did something similar ?
i do n't know i 'm just so nervous !
they just got outrebounded on the offensive glass by 14 .
they do n't have a nba caliber c on their roster .
love is just terrible whenever he goes against a taller player .
interior defense is as a result terrible as well .
it looks great especially in hq on your back that stunning whiteness is something beautiful lol .
it took me 3 days and roughly 8 hours of playtime .
fastest gun was fg42 that badboy took me 2 hours of real time but those semi-autos were trash and a big pain .
i recently just found out that u2 has a tuffle team member .
which got me thinking of the possibilities of saiyans in u2 .
we all know the original saiyan planet is sadala .
u7 on the other hand sadala was i believe hit by a meteor ?
fact check having the u7 saiyans go to planet plant .
i 'm wondering if and when this u2 tuffle is introduced if he 'll mention anything about a civil war on his home planet .
obviously the saiyans of this universe would be much much weaker than the u6 or u7 saiyans .
if any of youse were interested i 've created a bbl fantasy league feel free to join
tonight my tivo recorded the orville and gotham among other shows .
i saw the shows on the to do list .
i saw them on the list of recordings as they were recording then i saw them listed as new recordings in my shows .
i even selected the latest episode of the orville and was about to watch it when i changed my mind and watched life in pieces instead .
so after i finished that show i went back to watch the orville and the new episode was gone .
it still said it had recorded a show today .
the new icon was there but no new episode !
gotham also disappeared except it does n't even show as having recorded anything today .
since the church has prophets apostles who are seers and revelators many people wonder why defending the historicity of the truth claims of mormonism are left up to outside organizations .
this has n't always been the case and one of the last direct defenses by a apostle came from dallin oaks in defending the salamander letter '' .
reading church history elder dallin h. oaks of the quorum of the twelve ces symposium on the doctrine and covenants and
another source of differences in the accounts of different witnesses is the different meanings that different persons attach to words .
we have a vivid illustration of this in the recent media excitement about the word salamander in a letter martin harris is supposed to have sent to w. w. phelps over 150 years ago .
all of the scores of media stories on that subject apparently assume that the author of that letter used the word salamander in the modern sense of a tailed amphibian.
one wonders why so many writers neglected to reveal to their readers that there is another meaning of salamander which may even have been the primary meaning in this context in the 1820s .
that meaning which is listed second in a current edition of webster 's new world dictionary is a spirit supposed to live in fire 2d college ed .
modern and ancient literature contain many examples of this usage .
a spirit that is able to live in fire is a good approximation of the description joseph smith gave of the angel moroni a personage in the midst of a light whose countenance was truly like lightning and whose overall appearance was glorious beyond description joseph smith-history 1:32 .
as joseph smith wrote later the first sight of this personage was as though the house was filled with consuming fire history of the church 4:536 .
since the letter purports only to be martin harris 's interpretation of what he had heard about joseph 's experience the use of the words white salamander and old spirit seem understandable .
in view of all this and as a matter of intellectual evaluation why all the excitement in the media and why the apparent hand-wringing among those who profess friendship with or membership in the church ?
the media should make more complete disclosures but latter-day saint readers should also be more sophisticated in their evaluation of what they read .
for latter-day saints evaluation also has a spiritual dimension .
this is because of our belief in moroni 's declaration that by the power of the holy ghost ye may know the truth of all things moroni 10:5 .
that promise assures spiritually sensitive readers a power of discernment that will help them evaluate the meaning of what they learn .
kind of ironic that he reaffirms the point about latter-day saints having the spirit of discernment about these things .
while oaks was defending the fraudulent letter jerald and sandra tanner published an attack on the document .
i 've been watching the game a lot on twitch and am definitely interested in your game but i have a few questions that i have n't been able to find in any faq 's anywhere .
i have a gtx1070 8gb of ram and a i5 6600k but other games run oddly for me .
for instance cpu-intensive games such as arma rust and squad have some trouble for some reason and it drops framerate to below 20 no idea how to fix this after months of searching/troubleshooting .
however i actually run other games just fine the most notable being pubg which i consistently have gotten 80 fps .
so would anyone be able to fill me in on how the game could potentially run for me ?
2 this question could easily answer 1 but does anyone know the forecast of any open beta ?
it 'd be easier to see if i should buy this game based on just being able to try it out but i could n't find any news on any set plans for an open beta other than after the closed beta .
i get that it 's an instance based raid where you try to get through the area and loot people throughout but i 'm having trouble understanding how the factions work .
i get that there 's scavs and then the other role but then within each of those you 're on your own or in your squad just trying to survive and shoot other players ?
sorry if this is answered elsewhere i 'm just having trouble wrapping my head around this .
sorry ahead of time if any of these have been clearly answered somewhere i just figured i 'd try to get the info straight from the players themselves instead of sorting through inaccurate google searches and vague forums .
just add the bots http steamcommunity.com/id/alexlevelupservice http steamcommunity.com/id/alexlevelup2 http steamcommunity.com/id/alexlevelup3 http steamcommunity.com/id/alexlevelup4 as a friend and use next commands buying cards ! buy amount of keys in order to buy sets for an desired amount of keys .
! level desired level calculates how many sets and keys it takes to reach a desired level .
! check this command checks how many sets you can buy .
the bot accepts all keys what will you receive after badge craft ?
100xp to your steam level 1 profile background 1 emoticon 5 friend list spaces for every level gained 1 showcase per 10 level 's gained 1 discount coupon
one day i enrolled myself in an all girl school which was a trick to get girls and maybe guys to go there .
being the only guy there i showed up the first day thinking it was a piece of heaven .
all the girls stared at me with hungry eyes seeing they were into me and very horny .
as i sat in class i had to introduce myself in front of everyone so that they knew my name .
uhh ... so i 'm rokuro and ... i 'm the only guy here ... '' i laugh alittle and see the lust in the females eyes not noticing their erected cocks under their skirts .
after my first class one girl chats me up and we sort of hit it off suddenly taking me to the bathroom as we made out .
being pretty sexy i was told to put my hands on the sink facing against the wall so i do so not having a problem .
feeling her hands grabbing my crotch made me smirk not knowing she was pulling out a surprise of her own .
you 'll have to rp as more than one character but it can be one at a time .
also have the females be different as they switch out to use me .
some can be very seductive sweet talking and manipulative while others can be commanding rough and dominant .
what 's the best mix for liquid spawn nowadays ?
i'v heard honey adds to the preservation time in ls and was wondering if it 's
should you use pasturised honey or non with the mix .
i 'm an emt but i 've never been accepted into an emt position .
i 've never had a real job since i 've been turned away from panera starbucks and even petco .
i 'm an animal science student hoping to get into vet school .
on the side i like to sing and act .
i was turned away from every a capella group and just accepted into my first show during my 2nd year of college but i 'm still the problem actress and never good enough for my director even though i am trying so hard .
most of them i 'm called back people show interest .
i 'm a pushover friend and i get left behind by some .
i tried out for a program here called cream where you run a dairy farm for a year which was basically a guarantee to get into vet school if i got in .
it was super competitive but i felt like i nailed my audition '' .
everyone was so supportive and knew that this was a great path for me .
the girl who answered the phone was a girl i usually know to be stoic .
she sounded bright and cheery asked how my day was .
i try so hard to have a good work ethic even though i have anxiety which tries to hold me back .
i 'm usually quite humble but at this point it 's so hard .
not just by my close friends who say they 're missing out '' or you 'll get it next time '' but by professionals and vets and people in other important positions .
i knock wood i find so many four leaf clovers .
i found one at a practice milking and i found one at my interview but they mean nothing to me now and obviously do n't have any luck .
i do n't believe in a god and i 've struggled with self harm although i 'm hoping i can be past that now .
what vet school would want the girl who kept getting turned away .
i 'm so discouraged from trying anything else and too scared of getting turned away .
i 'm sick of hearing it 's going to get better .
can a simulacrum dragon establish a lair or use legendary actions ?
because i 've been having wanting to have things get ready to start again when the main components are far away .
i just alt tabbed out of game i ran after a package watched it from plane to ground except for a brief second of cresting a hill i was on the hill between rozhok and school it dropped in an open field .
no vehicle sounds i got on top of the hill saw it hit the ground ran up to it it was empty .
i was so confused i circled it twice to see if anyone dropped anything then started taking very distant fire from a scar not a box weapon .
this was like ... 5 minutes to first blue zone '' early so all i had was a pistol and i was screwed .
i rarely go for crates unless they land in front of me or i am in a lucky position to kill the looter and take his swag .
if this is a bug that happens i 'm never going to go for a crate again .
edit to be clear the only time i could not see the package was maybe 4-5 seconds and it was still aloft .
it seems like players taken outside of the lottery are n't expected to contribute much other than depth whereas in the nfl starters are expected through the first 2-3 rounds obviously different because the nfl has many more positions .
so what is generally expected for a top 10 pick ?
say there are two telescopes traveling around the sun directly opposite each other in an orbit as big as neptune 's .
can astronomers then get more precise distances to stars than what 's currently achievable ?
or is a 30au orbit just not big enough to be of any great help ?
i found an ecommerce website on flippa that looks to be right up my alley of interest .
it seems relatively well established and current bid is about 5k .
it says net monthly profit is about 800 ... which i think i could easily grow with some tender loving care .
what are your thoughts on buying a business on flippa ?
i 'd love to hear from anyone with experience in this or anyone who knows someone with experience in it .
i 'm only 6k words into my novel and i have this growing feeling of mehhh '' in the pit of my stomach .
i 'm not sure if i 'm just bored with my idea or what but i seem to have hit a motivational wall .
i read neil gaiman 's inspiration pep talk thing on the nano website and he talked about feeling this way with anasasi boys but he was 3/4ths of the way through already .
i try to sit down and slosh my way through the flowing stream of crap to get somewhere worthwhile but everything that comes out is awful .
is anyone else having this problem or have you had it in the past ?
just a reminder not to post names of individuals unless they are individuals that have been named in news articles specifically .
they need to have names blocked and no links to facebook .
these are rules specific to reddit not the sub .
breaking of these rules can lead to a ban from the site completely .
again these are reddit rules the mods of this sub have nothing to do with them .
i 'm 8w3d and any and every food i eat gives me very intense gas pain .
this morning i did 4oz of a smoothie and clear liquids and i felt alright then i had a 4 '' sandwich at 12:30 and it was as if i chugged a 20oz seltzer .
i 've tried peppermint oil pills doc approved and ginger chews and staying hydrated but it 's not doing it .
i think the guy narrating it is wearing a trucker hat .
all the wrestlers are portrayed by scantily clad women .
i 'm considering buying it but i was hoping for some other players impressions .
2 heart statues hooked to a switch with a one-second timer each
i can make full hallowed armor if needed but it does n't seem much better than my titanium armor .
i can also make a titanium helmet for better ranged but that will kill me faster .
i can make more heart lanterns pretty quickly but i do n't think it 's worth the effort .
free like-new copy of the isc2 official study guide 7th edition .
only string attached is that you pass it on to someone else when you 're finished with it .
you pay shipping i 'll get it boxed up and give you an estimate based on zip code .
first come first serve if there are multiple people who want it .
do they have physical copies or is it just a code to download through origin ?
i think the legs of this film will be strong .
i 'm confused about how leila 's geass work .
from what i understand the kind of geass you get is exactly what you wanted/needed and is not chosen by those who gives them .
leila wanted to protect others so i guess that 's what her geass does .
the mysterious girl said that her power is unique .
is it because her geass is selfless which makes it unique and blue ?
iirc jeremiah 's geass is also blue but i think that was artificial and not actually from a contract .
when she went back in time before her friends were killed and ashley 's knightmare coming out of a portal in the sky was that her geass or did the mysterious girl did it ?
why does lelouch keeps asking for water even though he does n't seem thirsty ?
's name that 's why we see a water drop whenever he mentions her name back in r1 .
why did a skull with the geass mark on it gave shin a geass is it because the thing he wishes for is evil ?
could there be some kind of faction that only gives evil kinds of geass like shin had ?
if so then that would actually seem like a good villain for season 3 .
an enemy that threatens the world sounds like a good enough reason for the mysterious girl to intervene and probably ask the person who once conquered the world for help .
also why do they think its a good idea to return to those old ladies ?
i enjoyed seeing more from the code geass universe but after watching the ova it just left me with more questions .
sorry it its hard to read i 'm not good with english .
was travelling with other people wearing the same white clothes with hoods are they also like c.c .
your friends are convinced you 've stuck your dick in crazy .
i 'm pretty insistent on being part of your social life and since we 've moved in together you 're lucky to get a boys ' night out .
no more often than not i 'll be the one sitting right next to you when you go out to the pub or to a friend 's flat .
well if i 'm honest i 'm the one bringing most of the cuteness .
i 'm what charitable folk call petite although bony boyish runt might be a bit more accurate .
i stand at a little over 5'1 '' weighing in at a bit under a hundred pounds .
my hair dark brown bordering on black i keep short and shaggy a nice contrast to my pale skin .
i 've hardly got a chest to speak of and if it were n't for the narrow waist jutting hips and mercifully round ass people would wonder why you 've got your little brother tagging along .
i 've kind of nailed down a post-post-punk style dark eyeliner crimson lipstick leather jacket boots and choker a black t-shirt that does n't quite reach down to my trousers ...
i 'm a slinky little bundle of mischief happy to sit in your lap french kiss in the street drink far more pints than my body can handle and blow you in a bathroom stall .
a social whirlwind with an unreliable filter a sailor 's vocabulary and an unmistakable glint in my brown eyes that practically broadcasts the fact that breaking up with me would be a horror show .
but once again that 's only about half the story .
it was two years ago at a party when i was in my third year of college .
frankly i had n't taken post-secondary education as an opportunity to develop a mature stable lifestyle .
if i recall correctly that night i was wearing little more than my boots a black tank top a high-cut grey thong and a backpack containing a shatterproof bong and a quarter-ounce of pot .
far from subtle i know but why change a proven method ?
i 'd lost my virginity in high school and never looked back .
between one-night stands and week long flings i 'd had almost three dozen sexual partners learned to suck cock like a pro and taken enough cum in my colon to fill the caspian sea .
i was n't even paying attention to you that night .
it was n't until you approached me with a gentle swat on the ass that i took notice and from there our conversation hooked me in .
i can hardly recall what you said at first but the turning point was when you pulled me to the couch and whispered into my ear how i reminded you of a feral cat .
it took some time and a few false starts but four months later i 'd moved into your flat and from there you proved that taming me was going to be your pet project .
you 've made a few additions to me since we moved in .
a spider bite piercing on my lower lip and my right eyebrow .
your name stamped in black ink on the back of my neck .
a dog 's footprint etched onto my right ass cheek .
a lattice of rings through my labia held together by a long-neglected padlock .
i have n't had an orgasm in nine months .
i wonder who your friends would think is crazy if they knew our little secret ?
let me be your crazy chastised buttslut tomboy girlfriend .
kinks are anal duh throatfucking body mods female chastity and denial duh bondage creampies facials being shared with your friends exhibitionism risky/public sex spanking and d/s .
just be creative and we should hit it off .
all prices are shipped and all 4 inch pops in come in a soft protector while supplies last !
please comment before pming otherwise your pm will not be responded to !
he 's strong beyond strong the son of hokage ! ! ''
i think the double painted weekend is a really cool idea on their part it attracts more viewers and lowers the value of awesome items a bit for people who ca n't afford stuff like that .
but this wo n't matter because i never get drops .
i have my twitch account linked and everything so that 's not the issue at all .
it 's just my luck is the worst thing known to humanity .
lets just say i do get a drop you already know what is boys ... some random unpainted rlcs decal that basically is stuck in your inventory like an item opened from a decryptor .
if i do get something this weekend you guys will be the first to know because it has never happened .
wish everyone else luck on their twitch drops and have a good weekend .
what is the best option to use hpa on a we m4 without using tapped magazines ?
i can only find those kits from alyan are those the only ones available ?
265 hunter looking for two people to do the nightfall with
find motivation for sticking to your goals over the weekend tips on managing at gatherings tricks for eating out and more !
as i 'm asking above i 'm kinda torn between the two right now .
wanting to get some opinions and before you say it pas are out of the question entirely .
i 'm planning to use both size 4 slots for them with phasing sequence on the pulse no prototype on the beams .
a lot of the clothes are reskins and those clothes that are n't reskins can sometimes be in kinda gross colours .
i 'd like to see a revamp system where a you can pick the colour of different outfits instead of just having the same outfit copied and pasted in slightly different colours 4 times and b where you can slightly modify the accessories of already existing clothes .
a good example of this would be base dwight .
maybe you like his shirt but do n't want that gross tie flip-flopping around glitching through you or giving away your position .
or maybe you like the tie why not have the option to make it pink ?
or maybe you just want to cosplay an emo dwight give him a black shirt and a white tie .
see with this one example already there are loads of ways to create hundreds of different combinations .
and that 's just one set of clothes for one character .
i 'd love to see base outfits be interchangable and customizable .
hell it 'd even add a lot of weight to the customization dlc 's and would certainly encourage people to be something other than black shirt claudette .
now there are a few ways you may think this 'd be a bad thing and i can counter most of them .
if a dlc pack is unique because it has new models or clothing they can pretty much stay the same .
but if something has an iconic design for instance dwights pink pants with the 80 's pack you could either limit the colours on non-dlc clothes so it is n't easy to make a bootleg version or you can make the colours/materials part of the dlc !
if i could make everything on dwight salmon coloured or everything on jake leather i would in a heartbeat .
could i just make everything black to get the au natural camo ?
but i assume the colours would be muted or brightened '' up a bit so that they 're not any more camo 'd than the clothing already in the game being either the leather jacket or black shirt for claude .
plus with this sort of clothing update and i 'm probably getting ahead of myself here having options like blood smears or legacy could be applied to all clothing .
plus it would pave the way for damage/changes in the middle of a match .
would n't this be a much better system that 'd really help with customization in the game ?
what combos would you use if this system became a reality ?
my g6 is almost 2 months old and yesterday it started having charging problems .
with stock charger it keeps connecting and disconnecting repeatedly .
with my fast charge 3.0 powerbank it charges but not fast charge .
i want to just mess around with the settlement building .
better settlers names more variety unlimited resources everything unlocked so i do n't have to do quests i have done several times already clothes and armor cause sometimes i like to dress them up or build a settlement around a theme all settlements unlocked things like that
since there arent many dispels can x mark be purged on kunkka allies ?
the cruelty of the cults is mitigated by the fact that after their social death as children the boys will be reborn as men .
they will identify with the values and secrets of their elders—to such an extent that they will one day torment their own children .
the situation is different for women who intrude upon the cult or who see the cult objects they are subject to death and gang rape e.g. murphy 1959 gregor 1990a errington and gewertz 1987 81–82 chowning 1987 148 n. .
ancient chinese practice of lingchi death by a thousand cuts .
blood eagle crucifixion other methods of torture to death in general .
rich khaleeji oil sheiks abusing their maids and renting dubai porta-potties '' .
13 44 of east timor 's total population killed .
admitted to the rape torture and murder of 147 young boys mostly impoverished .
some children had their genitals severed and placed in their mouth .
obama 373. trump 5. that 's right folks obama was more of a human rights violator than trump in this regard .
rape sexual violence torture perpetrated against suspected members or suporters of the liberation tigers of tamil eelam ltte .
on the topic of islamic retardation we also have countries with institutionally enforced shariah-based jurisprudence condoning stoning to death .
other regions such as sudan and the aceh province in indonesia also permit public caning .
also regular rape bullying ostracism ableism racism abuse torture murder serial killing mass murder profiting off the quasi-slavery of impoverished third-world workers who we depend on to produce cheap food/clothes/other gadgets slavery in general being a bitch in general being human in general .
is it ethical to bring life into this world ?
the basic set just sucks so badly it 's not even fun .
why not give absolutely new players an actual chance ?
i think we need atleast 10-20 new basic cards most of which has to be neutral imo .
noticed that some of my items can be looted whereas others ca n't allowing me to take my time getting back to them .
i 'm 36/m 183 cm/77kg caucasian and just noticed this pigmentation on my scrotum https imgur.com/a/kdma9 .
need to get front fender and passenger door panel dent removed .
wondering if there is a place that is notorious for overcharging or shady practices .
i won my 19 first games on legendary level after quick maths i figured that i need to get 2800 in each game to get to top100 at the end .
what would be the requirements to get 2800 on ultimate ?
edit thank you all i got trashed like a cheap whore against ultimate the dream is over .
how the hell are you supposed to use heavy armor with tenser 's transformation ?
you endow yourself with endurance and martial prowess fueled by magic .
until the spell ends you ca n't cast spells and you gain the following benefits
you have proficiency with all armor shields simple weapons and martial weapons .
according to the phb it takes 10 minutes to put on heavy armor exactly as long as the spell lasts .
you ca n't put the armor on first because you ca n't cast spells in armor you are n't proficient in .
you ca n't cast the spell first because it 'll run out by the time you get armor on .
the only option i 'm seeing here is setting the spell to a glyph of warding putting on the armor in advance and then stepping on the glyph to activate the spell like you 're fucking iron man .
i was recently put out of my place without much notice anyone in need of a roomate ?
swm late 30s but every bit still that 90s skate punk kid .
just add the bots http steamcommunity.com/id/alexlevelupservice http steamcommunity.com/id/alexlevelup2 http steamcommunity.com/id/alexlevelup3 http steamcommunity.com/id/alexlevelup4 as a friend and use next commands buying cards ! buy amount of keys in order to buy sets for an desired amount of keys .
! level desired level calculates how many sets and keys it takes to reach a desired level .
! check this command checks how many sets you can buy .
the bot accepts all keys what will you receive after badge craft ?
100xp to your steam level 1 profile background 1 emoticon 5 friend list spaces for every level gained 1 showcase per 10 level 's gained 1 discount coupon
they looked at me and shook their heads when i shouted decomposing ! ''
pretty good take on the western conf playoffs and how the pros and cons of the current mls format are on display big time ...
since the major update they removed the old casual interface including the stats .
bjorn the fell-handed 277pts heavy flamer 17pts twin lascannon 50pts
apothecary 5 pl 103pts gate of infinity nemesis daemon hammer 13pts
brotherhood ancient 7 pl 130pts nemesis falchion storm bolter 2pts vortex of doom
if we lost the first turn it 's not a problem an enemy can kill a lot of cheap models but he ca n't kill bjorn cause he 's the character !
and we have 9 deploy choices outside the table reserves
harald deathwolf and 2x wolf scouts – a wolf bubble
draigo apothecary interceptor squad brotherhood ancient and venerable dreadnought for gk stratagem and it 's an option – a little draigo bomb
harald and his scouts are going to appear together .
scouts can shot overcharged plasmas with rerolls of 1s 2x6 shots of s8 for 12 then harald is going to make a charge .
draigo and his lads are going to teleport on the battlefield and interceptors are able to devastate an enemy by 44 shots 32 with s5 ap 1 and 12 s6 ap 0 under proper stratagems .
venerable dreadnought can teleport on the table with draigo but he can work independence and he 's going to be unseen with astral aim .
culexus assassin is a support guy for eradicating enemy rear units and psykers .
it has n't a lot of long range firepower .
is it just me or the new mecha skin looks like a toy .
whenever i look at the new mecha i get the impression that he is made up of plastic and not steel .
that 's some dedication i love it wear that 'graverobber ' title well my friend .
posted this to r/whatisthisthing and was suggested to post here as well .
my grandmother died a number of years ago and one of the things left behind was this scroll and no one knows anything about it .
if anyone could shed some light on the history and purpose of it i would appreciate it .
who are you spending your new event tokens are ?
one of my coworkers saw someone get 500 a couple years back but i 'm curious about this years ' campaign .
is it all just 5 this year to get people in the store or is there actually a very very small chance someone could get more than a couple bucks ?
i do n't have any need for a second language on my day-to-day but took some spanish classes back in highschool .
i do n't remember most of what i learned since i sort of slacked but now that i 'm almost out of college i 'd like to add a second language to my skills .
i 'm polish and would love to learn the language but i understand that it is n't spoken by too many people and do n't want to waste all the effort .
would it be a waste of time and should i aim for a romantic language or one like german/russian/chinese with more demand ?
my industry is accounting but i 'd like to be prepared for any change in the business industry .
i 'd love if some bilingual people could give me some advice on a language and tips on learning them .
a character i will be using in a tal'dorei maybe spelled right campaign that my friend will be running .
tldr for those who want the sparknotes version of chrundle
from a young age chrundle was always ... odd .
never knowing who his father was chrundle lived only with his mother bonnie during around the winters crest festival chrundle watched as men dressed in many different costumes came into his house and made their way into his mother 's room including a few gnomes .
these men brought chrundle gifts and many of them were assorted toys and junk some food also but one toy in particular changed him forever .
this you came with some sort of adhesive to build his own toy but after getting a large whiff of the adhesive he was gone his mind adrift until it wore off .
chrundle barely made it through his schooling and went off to put all of his life savings into a tavern with his 2 friends and a dumb bird woman .
his friends macwell and dennis along with dennis 's sister deandra ran the local tavern known as patrick 's tavern .
chrundle went along with his smarter friends plans until one day he met the love of his life the waitress at the other local tavern although she hated him and he had no idea of her disdain towards him .
one day when the gang wanted to go to the local whorehouse to enjoy themselves they were surprised by dennis and dee 's father franklin who was very well off and wanted to get away from his hoor wife started to live in the small but that chrundle lived in even sleeping in the same bed .
then one day when the gang decided to make a band franklin took them to a music store where they all found instruments they liked but chrundle he loved everything he was a musical savant and decided to become a bard going by the name dayman .
the gang after hearing this told him that it was stupid just like him and said go smash some rats in the basement but chrundle never gave up his dream of being a bard and one day the waitress will love him .
one day while smashing some rats he heard some new voices above and came up to see a pack of travellers who wanted a stiff drink the gang started to berate them until chrundle snapped and decided to go off with these people to travel the world .
tldr chrundle is based on charlie kelly from its always sunny in philadelphia '' he is a self taught bard who is not very smart but extremely hardy and can take a beating he loves music and smashing rats but above all he loves the waitress .
he huffs glue/adhesive and used a re-skinned short sword as his rat bashing stick he travels as his alter ego dayman the fighter of the nightman .
or i will add saptarishi instead of zsr your choice not both let 's not be greedy now !
i 've never posted on reddit before and to be honest doing so stirs up some wicked anxiety but after a slew of bad decisions and near relationship ending mistakes i really feel like something 's got ta give ... i 'm a pretty small girl and i average about two bottles of wine or 5-6 stout liquor drinks 4 nights a week and i just legitimately ca n't do this anymore .
i 'm posting this on break at work nursing a pretty solid hangover and hopefully posting this will keep me accountable ...
i do n't mean that i send you a message back with an erotic story .
i mean you send me your pic in question legal only no bathroom and i 'll add text to it for you .
i 've had a few regular buds that were into this but they 've kinda disappeared so i 'm hoping there 's someone else out there that i can gel with .
also open to chat about celebs wwe divas pornstars superheroes and more .
really want airpods but 160 is not at all a fair buying price .
anyone think black friday will have a significant price drop ?
i 'm hoping to find a mix where the dj transitions all the songs and maybe plays old and new hiphop pop r b
i 'd like to keep the elytra relevant but creative style flight is great for building .
if you are command sponsored you are allowed 1 car i think do n't quote me on that one .
what i was getting at earlier is that if they denied your comand sponsor you could with your own money move your family to korea .
if you did that your family would be entitled to oha .
next time hold frame and do not negotiate a blowjob or sex after maybe passing the test .
she will blow you if shes attracted to you but the same behavior when things are rocky will backfire so i would not call it good .
read up on the tests https www.reddit.com/r/marriedredpill/comments/3dzppv/how_to_distinguish_between_a_shit_test_and so you can better identify them in the moment .
dont let her drag you out of your frame because you are uncomfortable with making her uncomfortable https www.reddit.com/r/marriedredpill/comments/6wafgm/you_can_not_fear_her_emotions .
you placated her with your first answers which was probably because you were caught off guard but ended on a solid note .
ill focus on my mission you focus on providing me enough value to not want to seek it elsewhere '' communicates all the right things .
you did n't give enough info in this post or have enough post history about your wife/life/lifting/map/reading for anyone to fill in the blanks though .
the best outcome would have been some awesome sex .
that being said why was her rejection of sex predictable and why did you give up so easily ?
do not stop writing please make this a novel .
meanwhile this gawker article http gawker.com/5894527/which-beloved-comedian-likes-to-force-female-comics-to-watch-him-jerk-off says the women in the hotel situation gave him a thumbs-up .
but it also says other things like that he blocked the door which the nyt article does n't say .
before we lynch him i 'd like to see evidence that he 's guilty of something worse than really poor reading of social cues bordering on a mental disorder .
which is something he appears to be aware of based on his apologies .
miss her yes it is a semi-new relationship about 2 1/2 months
perhaps one of the most hilarious yet underused words in the english language is bumfuzzle https www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/bumfuzzle .
truly a wonderful word sure to cause other people to feel what it describes when you use it .
i watched them with my niblings when they were younger ...
i was surprised at how good they were and was hoping they 'd make some that centers on each of them besides tinkerbell like that neverbeast one with fawn .
it 's too bad since an iridessa movie would 've been a good for kids .
i do n't think brando would win in boxing either .
he also does n't have an ounce of muscle on him in his entire body .
talzin alone costs at least a thousand dollars and that 's just starring gearing is a lot more expensive .
... .i guess yoshi 's story kirby 64 and mystical ninja are n't super iconic but you 've probably heard of them .
really i do n't and that 's why this thread disappoints me .
your post has been automatically removed because you used a keyword which is reserved for the subreddit moderators .
this currently only removes posts with mod '' meta '' announcements '' and admin '' in the title .
if this is a false positive please modmail us and we 'll fix it !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/legaladvice if you have any questions or concerns .
we go 80-2 for the season then go 16-0 in the playoffs to sweep our way to banner 18 .
i really thought it would be this game is amazing .
he is the leader of islam in australia he is far from just one person .
so in summary and as i have previously stated with verifiable proof the leaders of the islamic community of australia ones that their individual muftis are still 100 behind and who stated without any pushback whatsoever from their community as a whole is that they believe the punishment for homosexuality should be death .
their leaders stated it and no one corrected them .
also in england another westernised democracy not unlike our own believe homosexuality should be illegal .
would n't it be convenient to have a checksum check once the app found some duplicate file just to be sure they 're in fact the same file ?
i would n't say you are gifted free money there is no guarantee that bitcoin price does n't fall from the 3000 you originally bought it from immediately after the fork .
and also if i buy btc after the forks do i still have coins from the fork ?
you only get forked coins if you hold btc during the fork .
no joke mission impossible 3 is one of the best action movies ever made go watch it .
directed by jj abrams phillip seymour hoffman as the villain an unpredictable plot .
no thankfully i am not american so i do n't have that fetish
because zookeepers know you ca n't apply human morals and concepts to animals ' behaviors .
i 've had a quick look at implicitcad and it seems to be very good certainly for my purposes .
is it possible to share models with other non-users put a model up on a web-site somewhere for them to play with ?
bitcoin cash is like bitcoin in 2013 with price less than 1000 but upgraded tech
they 're notoriously hardcore about going after every little representation of their characters to the point that they send cease and desist letters to party princesses if they come too close to a disney character in appearance or name .
the fact that they 'll go after such small time shit while these thousands of videos get millions of views each is weird as hell
are you just telling me that i managed to pull 2 kairi ex as f2p and the medal doesnt give bonus for the hsc ?
i have around £1000 coming in soon there 's other stuff i 'd like to take out of that though so i 'm looking to spend some of this setting up the living room .
if i would be better off with new amp tech then i would budget more i guess .
the only other consideration would be trying to make it possible to stream my flac library from my computer to be able to play downstairs may something like a logitech squeezebox https www.amazon.co.uk/squeezebox-wireless-network-music-player-black/dp/b000lwgpq0/ref=sr_1_11 ? s=electronics ie=utf8 qid=1510302863 sr=1-11 keywords=logitech+squeezebox or something ?
i did n't have a that good moment the first time i played it
if you do n't pick ressource card ie pick 2 red early in the game your gameplay will basically be i pick 2 yellow i rest '' the whole game until you start to pick every free trade cards to try to get ressource cards .
once you get that you have to pick ressources and good ones quite fast you will focus to creating combo card ie 1 ressource card black 1 evolve 3 yellow to black then 1 trade cards 2 blacks to 2 green 1 red and one yellow .
i basically did this the whole last game i played making me win a game in almost autopilot .
for me the game did n't replace splendor it 's not the same feeling and the engine building is quite in autopilot since you can play the next round with the card you just bought if you compare it to dominion when the engine building '' is still random due to the draw card aspect and there is a big gap between an experienced player and a new one still compare to splendor that i sometimes/often lose against first time players .
there should be an auto add feature to op for your gifs
will do running out the door at the mo but if you do n't hear from me in the next day or so please remind me haha !
go on the slow carb diet you get a cheat day every week with it !
very cool to see their numbers grow as they get more popular !
watching my pile of gold grow is incredibly satisfying .
coincidentally i lost some weight recently and rather than being harder to keep off it 's easier now to just keep working out and eating right that 's who i am now '' and it 's the same with being someone on track towards fire .
looks like it has a 6.7l powerstroke so depending on the year it could be up to 925ft/lb 1800rpms so tire roasting is easy .
when you do a netinst of debian you 'll have to build the system from the bottom up much like with arch but debian sets sane standards .
with arch you 'll have to do everything yourself even the boring stuff .
this may sound like arch-bashing but it is not .
file a community roadwatch report against him if you remember the plate .
i dont like grant but him and jerry are deniably the best in the business imo .
i get mad when i cant access their commentary and have to settle for something else
other than doing that honking thing during field trips i do n't remember this .
i think i was pretty locked in on superheroes and fictional tv characters pretty quickly .
the first episode of this season where neegan and his cronies all lined up perfectly would of been good to have them all wiped out then and there but nooo they went full stormtroopers .
ca n't even stand by your bitch-ass comment by deleting it u/jonrektem
certain wrestling fans just hate him because he 's closer to the normal casual fan .
the power to create illusions with the power to destroy planets is pretty damn tough
i 've worked in a lot of hospitality and retail .
generally at a restaurant you get 50 off and at a retail store you get 20 and then they do special deals were you get up till like 50 off on friends and family nights .
but thanks to online ordering and companies like amazon retail is going out of business .
my wife 's father works for sears and we used to get friends and family night deals on top of the deal on top of the deal on top of the employee discount .
nowadays you do n't even get the employee discount .
they simply are n't making any money and you can tell by the vast number of stores that are closing across the country .
pretty soon brick and mortars will be a very rare and special location .
just a reminder we do n't need to go full tilt boycotting these companies .
we do n't need to do that just call call call fill their inbox with emails and fill their twitter mentions .
thats terrible so many more cards counter prince that they havent included
i just watched dean hall 's presentation of the game on rezzed https youtu.be/zqxpjjumrn4 ? t=19m4s and one thing he talks a lot about is the game loop .
i love the visual style of se but i 'd rather play a game that gets me invested into playing it and not just because of the hours sunk into my creations .
the specific definition we use to determine anime '' is an animated series produce and aired in japan intended for a japanese audience '' .
it had some moments with chris evans but a lot of the ridiculous scenes ruined the mood at times
i 'm sure whoever is in charge of your discipline would agree .
a lot of tvs will have a difference between hdr on and off– but the hdr '' that they produce is actually not even the right colors .
it is very difficult to know what to make of your symptoms and how likely they were to be herpes .
i would recommend you go to a different clinic that is more knowledgeable regarding herpes testing tell them about your possible herpes symptoms and get blood tested .
please review our wiki page on herpes testing link in sidebar for more information about blood test accuracy .
it is not correct to say that standard herpes blood tests are unreliable '' in general .
they are not that hot at detecting hsv1 but are fairly good at detecting hsv2 .
and a positive result for either type with an index value of 3.5 is a very reliable indicator that one has herpes .
and if you really want a high degree of confidence then you could order the western blot blood test .
that is currently the best herpes test there is and is very highly reliable .
and if you ever happen to develop suspicious symptoms in the meantime then of course you could go for swab testing .
as for what you should do regarding sexual encounters there 's no right answer '' here .
you could say something like just want to be up front with you about a year ago shortly after having sex with a guy i developed several bumps on my vagina .
i was n't sure what they were and thought maybe they could be herpes .
but they went away before i went to the doctor and the when i finally went to the doctor they refused to give me a blood test for it .
i do n't think the doctor knew much about herpes testing .
anyway the bumps never came back and i still have n't been tested .
in the meantime if you want to use condoms or anything to be on the safe side i 'm totally okay with that . ''
i got offered 2,000 of them to fix a dude 's computer back when they were 0.10 a piece and declined .
this has actually been fun to watch so far .
we play so much better with 3 at the back imo
aka u got ta be strong enough to pick up her fatass
i 've seen them twice tyler climbed to the highest point during car radio '' at both of those shows and they did the hamster ball during trees . ''
you english fans are so negative enjoying this game as a neutral .
we started investigating in november 2016 and the keepers came out in may so we were investigating for about six months before .
i 'm amazed they only adapted chapter 5 of the vn considering is the shortest one iirc .
so now the pacing will probably slow down i hope .
a little fanservice with marie there but god kasumi 's reactions were almost as funny as they were in the vn .
the only thing missing was ren 's fourth wall breaking thoughts about the dark bgm lol .
shirou the madman '' yusa is finally making his appearance along with eri the troll god '' honjou .
ren using his power to cut the gun was nice though i wish they would have shown shirou 's crazy smile while examining the gun pieces .
uniform was nice and the upcoming fight it 's hype at least for me .
lastly it was kinda weird to see marie almost with 0 personality .
non-vn readers do n't worry she was the same in the vn but it gets a lot better in the following episodes after di spoiler s reinhard gives her a tour of the castle . ''
no world wars dont count as terror i am aware the term been watered down a lot but terror is a small group who target civilian targets because of inability to handle the government so to spread terror to the rest of the civilians displaying the governments inability to protect them .
and classy how you in the middle of the comparison single out a single country in eruopes population for comparison to usa .
i got beer given to me and a makeshift birthday cake .
to me part of being murdered by words is deserving it .
maybe there 's more context that we are n't seeing but this just strike me as mean .
the gambit you 're looking for is batna best alternative to a negotiated agreement .
meaning your dad goes to the ceo and says i need x y and z or i 'm out of here ... and oh by the way if i 'm out you 're going to have to hire a proper company to come in and do this and they wo n't be mugs and you 'll end up paying them five times what you pay me .
but your dad has to be willing to walk away .
yeah that 's the frustrating thing about searching for work these days .
just getting noticed as a person is so difficult .
i spent all year working my butt off trying to get a job but i did eventually get hired at bb a few weeks ago .
the problem is n't that the battery is smaller it 's that the battery is smaller but the other specs stay the same so the battery life is just horrendously worse .
if they cut back the specs along with the battery you could still get good performance but maintain battery life .
they do n't want to hurt hw the phone looks on paper though so they end up destroying battery life .
well my boy sherman went down last night so you guys got a shot next week 🌚
this makes me nervous every year for my feral cat colony .
i ... . do n't know who they are .
zombies ate my neighbors is one of the best games on snes it 's a shame it did n't make the cut
we are completely within our rights to find the best way to prevent this from happening again .
but that is only a temporary help from a side effect .
any block size boost will make fees lower at first but that will just lead to more people transacting and fill up any additional space bringing fees back up .
the laws of supply and demand will lead to hard fork after hard fork to keep increasing block size .
with little growth in adoption the blocks will be such that only 20k server can run a node .
if bitcoin is run by a handful of servers then attacks from hackers and governments will be cheap and easy .
this is why we need lightning which can scale to infinity and lightning requires segwit .
maybe im not explaining it right or maybe im not understanding something correctly .
im not saying they should make it seem like less product .
why dont they just label those as 80mg and 70mg ?
no one cares how much ester weight per ml there is .
we only care about how much test there is .
so if i labelled my shit 100mg/ml test p then in or current system of things its actually 125mg/ml test p .
but since we only care how much test we are getting we dont give a fuck what an ester weighs why not just say 100mg/ml ?
its labelled 200mg in your head you will take that to mean 200mg of caffeine is in the pill and you should .
the pill itself may weigh 400mg with binders and fillers but you dont need to know what those weigh .
we want the number for the test per ml .
we dont want the number of the test added to the number of the ester .
in his mind he 's rewarded by marvel for putting down dc with each breath lol .
i have a deep ingrained dislike for the bomb format .
if it was n't for the unusually high quality of this show i would n't put up with that bullshit anymore .
i gave up on other shows with less messy airing schedules in the past until they were complete that is .
the bomb format might be fine if the episodes are close to each other in the timeline .
but when episodes are supposed to take place weeks apart which should be making the central conflict actually last and they are all released together it does the show a disservice .
i 'm just grumpy because the long hiatus killed my hype .
which is another issue to consider when deciding on this kind of release format .
i 'm more of a feitan guy but i hope we get to see more chrollo with his nen back .
he needs to stop playing live idol games and write more .
the only incident that feels like a power dynamic was the woman who worked in production '' when he was at cedric the entertainer or chris rock show because he was a writer/producer whatever that means .
but as far as people in his community admiring him is that wielding power ?
could n't that be said effectively any time a celebrity picks up a person in a bar or club who says they are a fan ?
you were straight no chaser honest with him about a truthful but serious subject .
had you spoken to my kid like that i would by you dinner .
even if they did this in real life they are clearly labeled .
and apparently he 's known about louis ck for awhile and has n't done shit with that information .
the internal hdd on the x is still 5400 rpm .
but saying that all alcoholics drink only to avoid pain is not reflecting the true complexity of their situation and choices .
because drinking and continuing addiction also causes pain maybe even more pain than trying to stop the habit and they might be completely aware of that .
they might not even get pleasure from it anymore yet they still might choose that .
if that is not an action based on something else than pleasure/pain i do n't know what is .
that thank you should be changing how public schools are funded .
it 's one of the biggest thing fucking the poor right now and holding back people of color across the country .
it 's pissed me off for years we ignore these people in america 's backyard so i was so happy to see that on the bbc
questing and your daily 3 wins 10g should get you at least one pack per day on average if you 're grinding .
the average pack dust value is 100 you need a large sample size here to get to the average of course
you should get to 1600 dust after 16 days but let 's say your average dust is n't quite 100 or you do n't quite finish all your grinding and double that to 32 days or even triple it to 48 days .
casually playing whenever you 're on the shitter does n't really count as 3 months of questing and arena '' .
the needing a dh point is applicable to them as well they have an opening for a starting pitcher plus they can pay him more 2nd most in baseball i believe are in a bigger market more endorsement opportunities have a young team that already made it deep in the playoffs plus they have already have another japanese star already to help the transition .
whoever finds the interpretation of these sayings will not experience death . ''
when you discover your true nature the consciousness/awareness behind all reality you will realize that 's you you are n't a body/mind and that you can not die .
you put into words that which escaped me during the writing of the post .
it 's a 1.8mm 14k gold ring i bought it from a local jeweler but it looks like it is a jabel ring this one specifically http www.jabel.com/product/sw1948 .
i 'm still trying to figure out what i think is normal .
i 'm still totally fascinated by the fact that i never thought about any of this in my late teens when out would have been so useful .
if it does pick up a vfc body they apparently fit perfectly with krytac uppers .
i think afflalo was still with the magic then was n't he ? ?
glad to hear you 've found one autistic person who speaks for all autistic people
most people get into it alone and end up making friends through the learning process .
just focus on learning by yourself first prove that you 're not a waste of time for someone who does it forreal .
because trust me no one who actually writes graff wants to take on a toy as their project '' and risk getting caught with your inexperienced ass .
unless they 're related to you or you go wayyyyyyy back you 're gon na have to start alone .
plus this will prove to you whether or not it 's for you ... if you ca n't start alone and be persistent and truly take on a new craft that will absolutely take over your entire mindset and way of thinking then it really is not for you .
start by choosing a name and practicing with it as much as you can in blackbooks before you even hit the streets .
your first illegal tags should n't even be within months of you picking up this lifestyle .
efg is hard to understand sometimes though and that 's the point of fg to simplify it .
like what if a player finishes a game scoring 6 points on 2/2 from 3-point land ?
then his efg would be 150 which sounds stupid .
i 'm in the car one the way home listening to the new music and it 's everything i️ wanted .
i️ became a fan because they play fields of blue at my work .
you and your music remind me of amy winehouse in the fact that it 's very reminiscent of a different time and it feels very authentic and genuine .
both you and amy are interesting in the fact that you were n't born into the time periods of the music you emulate .
my question is how did you find your sound and is it a conscious effort for you to continue sounding that way or is it innate ?
thanks for doing this ama i 've been obsessed with your music for the past month wish i️ had become a fan sooner as it looks like you wont be coming back to kansas city very soon .
oh well looks like i 'll be driving to omaha in january to see you guys totally worth it ! !
there are also a lot of very valid and informed concerns about intellectual property the inclusion of which in the tpp was largely led by the united states .
there 's a big sense in canada that if the us is out we can take the time to remove some troubling elements that the us was fighting for .
you could try fleeced lined tights under dress pants ?
i like shep so let him wind up on msnbc cause i 'm not wasting my quota on streaming fox news from australia !
the voat community responded by saying they where not welcome .
even the fph guys would not put up with them .
it would be nice so the original owners can get their limited edition border too !
i️ love jose but i️ hope max wins purely because i️ want to see my favourite fighter in the world frankie edgar win the title and i️ ca n't see him getting another shot at jose .
i dream about frankie dropping to bw and winning that title too !
i think it 's just a groovy song when i hear it on the radio .
i do enjoy crash into me as generic and kind of creepy as it is
al-jazeera is owned by qatar and pushes the qatari viewpoint quite heavily it 's why saudi arabia hates aj .
if the rule is to be evenly applied i think they 'd be the next in line not that aj is trying to ruin the usa but they are state-sponsored propaganda .
ed not that aj could n't try to sow discord in the future .
shaman tank would make sense since they used to do extra threat with rockbitter weapon they can already use shields too .
a plate caster could be a new pally spec it would be our first holy dps class too which would be neat .
i really wish blizzard would focus on adding a fourth spec to most classes instead of making more classes .
so what happens when a guy with no hands walks into a sperm clinic ?
i love watching these and noticing the deeper meaning behind the scenes that get overlooked .
it gives me a new appreciation for the episode every week .
a character ca n't spend any hit dice after finishing a short rest until someone expends one use of a healer 's kit to bandage and treat the character 's wounds .
characters do n't regain hit points at the end of a long rest .
instead a character can spend hit dice to heal at the end of a long rest just as with a short rest .
either one of these rules should go a long way .
the first rule is a bit more controllable give them more or less healer kits as you seem fit .
the 2nd rule is more harsh but would probably give that whole fatigue '' feeling more .
again it seems like somehow you feel entitled to have this .
if you 're new to the jailbreak scene then i understand .
if not then i do n't know why you 're fussing .
this happens every jailbreak people demo and show off their jailbreak without releasing .
thank you for the feedback you 're absolutely right .
i 've thought of drawing a larger version of this so i 'll try to make the raven bigger in that .
if the church brings so much joy and happiness why are so many new converts and so many good members and their families leaving in droves ?
if you have played this war of mine and/or papers please its a hybird of the two
like papers please you are given a job in a corrupt and dictator state rule .
it is up to you to care for your family tenants and yourself as you manage an apartment as a job .
you approve of tenants find information about them for the government setup cameras exploit them and most important keep your money in the green .
it is n't a difficult game but a morally conflicting one .
like this war of mine art style and atmosphere .
for example in the opening tutorial of the game you must investigate one of your tenants for using contraband drugs .
you setup a camera and wait for them to come home and in your view catch them using illegal substances .
now here you have the option to blackmail them or report straight to the government .
i blackmailed them and received bonus cash and caught them in the act again to finish the tutorial .
the characters are great with a fleshed out detail to all of them .
even though i found your own family a bit annoying but the choices/quests they give are on par to papers please intermissions .
gameplay 1 being flappy bird and 10 being sims 4 i give it a 7.8
graphics respected to the style 1 being simple 10 being limbo i give it a 8.9
music and sound 1 being no sound 10 being this war of mine/valiant hearts soundtracks i give it a 7
i am more than happy to redownload and look at aspects you are interested in
on oct 24th 2017 when i contacted them on facebook messenger and asked about exchanges they replied we are already listed on etherdelta .
in addition blockchain labo will be releasing an exchange very soon .
it will be called bitplus and be in 4 languages with english coming first and then japanese korean and chinese .
dbets will be listed on the exchanges along with bitcoin and ethereum .
we are also very close to being listed on others and will hopefully be will be announcing updates soon .
q3 2018 looks like it will be making a lot of progress .
they did launch the wallet on time just last week .
99.95 hey look i 'm in the news again ! ''
peep those pediments in the other building in the background too .
that would make me more inclined to take a chance and buy
i guess you do n't follow owen neoliberals killed my cat '' jones on twitter .
good math buddy i hear it 's common practice to leave no basis for your calculation use words like most '' and assume factors out of nowhere .
furthermore the theory of environmental companionship dictates you are without realising it surrounded by only people who are for the most part similar to yourself whether friend or not .
your brain chooses to ignore and tune out the rest much like the fact if you can open a word document type something in it and save it with confidence your better with computers than half of the us population but you do n't realise it because that 's normal for you .
much like that your not likely to hear the n word because you seem to have a hilarious hatred for those whom do .
oh and there 's a reason the word is becoming more popular .
banning and forbidding a word gives it all it 's power .
if everyone 's saying it it suddenly has very little meaning look at the word literally '' and furthermore nigga '' .
8 of your year to league makes you a casual .
this has been my approach too every expansion since msog i 've said i 'm gon na quit this next expansion '' and every time the week before release i get the 10,000 coins ...
in kotft i even hit pity timer 4 times over all my openings .
i was born in the 80 's so 90 's are more my youth but i 've got a huge soft spot for american ‘82 hardcore .
i fell in love with ‘77 punk and that quickly pushed into the 80 's stuff .
maybe watching stranger things is making me revisit everything more than usual .
the trash talk is well deserved at this point .
bungie made a game for the money and not the fans .
they can go fuck themselves honestly until they 're ready to redeem themselves which i doubt because they already made a game.. for money.. not fans .
ah maybe i was confusing what was in the article with what i 'd seen said in other discussions around reddit .
i recognize that cans are superior but i still prefer bottle simply because they are nicer to drink out of .
when i can only find a beer in a can i always pour it into a glass but then i have dishes to clean which is a buzz kill for this lazy bum .
and the site rules unfortunately this site does n't allow spam https reddit.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/204536499 nor excessive self promotion of something they 're affiliated with .
please feel free to message the admins here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/reddit.com subject=those+meanie+mods+in+r/android+called+me+a+spammer message=https www.reddit.com/r/android/comments/7c0z7m/best_phones_under_15000200_in_2017_in_india if you 've further concerns about this firstly .
if you would like to appeal please message the moderators by clicking this link .
http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fandroid subject=about my removed submission message=i 'm writing to you about the following submission https www.reddit.com/r/android/comments/7c0z7m/best_phones_under_15000200_in_2017_in_india .
side note r/askachristian might be a better place to post or even r/christianity .
but there have been times usually for small things but the i realize it was nonsensical to blame god for it as he 's not obligated to answer all prayers with a yes and there might be some good to come out of it .
it 's about level to zul'drak which is only snowy in the farther north areas
if you worked with me that 's a damn stupid way to get yourself killed .
so much of the hardware is the software running on the sensor cpu differentiating electrical impulses as touch or not
a simple tweet of the names would do and they can be socially ridiculed like spacey weinstein and louis c.k the police ca n't do anything
how many more medivhs are we going to see here ?
and so another unwary new user/low karma opens the third person view can of worms .
third person view is an incredibly powerful mechanic and if given to everyone would drastically alter the way the game works .
if it is given to potentially everyone it would need to come with significant downsides due to how exploitable it could be .
it 's an absolute no from me regarding combat drones .
the amount of info attainable with such little risk to the user when using such a drone would be too powerful to not have it be obvious and vulnerable .
i would n't mind a third person view capable drone but it would need to be obvious vulnerable expensive replace another form of equipment the average person could carry into combat and come with severe limitations regarding range and speed .
it 's often advisable to take a step back when the moaning gets louder .
uh what does el generico have to do with sami zayn ?
this is a parody just for people who think it might be legit .
which do you think is better normal as or lethality ?
i did n't read the article but in the military if we are backing up a large truck around other vehicles people or things we use a ground guide to act as the drivers eyes .
you know ... i know this wo n't be of much help to you but both of those would sound correct to me if somebody were to say it .
if i had to choose i would say express '' .
though i am not an english language student just a native speaker .
i 'm sure somebody can chime in with the factual correct way .
they show his cracked helmet in one of the issues while talking about fallen allies .
i did n't have a great experience with promove .
their deal is they push you towards communities where they 'll collect the referral fee .
to be honest it 'll take some looking but do n't .
if something seems off about the community do some research .
many try to put pressure on during the leasing process and get you to sign immediately or they 'll warn you about the prices going up if you delay .
i 've lived in big communities where after you sign the lease the folks at the leasing office have no concern about issues you raise to them .
my advise would be to seek out smaller communities where you can get to know the owners/managers and your neighbors .
these places are harder to find and are pretty sought after but you 'll probably be happier in the long run .
i 'm pretty sure measurekit only uses the camera not ir .
apple limits it to the x just like they limited siri to the 4s
that most of the time i am thinking about sex/women sports food a joke i heard or nothing at all .
no problem and always remind your sister that you 're there for her whenever things get tough no matter how you two feel about each other .
i 'm actually going to see a doctor later today
check in often here on the sr you 'll know as quickly as you possibly can .
if you wait for an in game pop-up traditionally it 's been 24-48 hours after the start of the event .
and then i had another guy who is a very famous comic .
he is probably at cosby level at this point .
he is basically a french filmmaker at this point .
and there 's a lockdown on talking about him .
his guy friends are standing by him and you can not say a bad thing about him .
and i 've been told by people well then say it then .
say it if it 's true. if i say it my career is over .
my manager and my agent have told me that .
they just said to me you know what jen it 's not worth it because you 'll be torn apart .
look at the cosby women. and this guy did n't rape me but he made a certain difficult decision to go on tour with him really hard .
because i knew if i did i 'd be getting more of the same weird treatment i 'd been getting from him .
and it was really fucked up and this person was married .
so it was not good and so i hold a lot of resentment . ''
let him play now do n't disturb my son .
in the tech industry specifically the valuation relies heavily on competition total addressable market volume of active users and magnitude of proprietary assets/intellectual property .
for example uber received a massive valuation because it was the first mover in a new industry with strong branding position and a massive addressable market .
the valuation has been sustained by the sheer number of people who use it .
⚜️⚜️ with hundreds of successful paypal trades and thousands of dollars exchanged ⚜️⚜️
🛡️🛡️🛡️**check my rep page 1 https www.reddit.com/r/rocketleagueexchange/comments/52k9le/meta_successful_tradereputation_thread/ddhweig ? utm_content=permalink utm_medium=front utm_source=reddit utm_name=rocketleagueexchange
→ psn mrgowexx message me if you have any question
🌐🌐 pay in your primary currency so you do n't have to pay currency conversion fees .
⚡️⚡️ tell me which item s you are looking for and i will try to get it for you in less than 30 minutes .
unfortunately your account does not have enough karma to submit things to r/videos at this time .
r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link and 10 comment karma .
we suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
does n't grubhub only provide you a connection to restaurants that already deliver ?
i use grubhub a lot and my delivery drivers are always employees of the place i 'm ordering from .
ubereats provides you a connection to restaurants that do n't deliver at all or do n't deliver to your area i.e wings over somerville does n't deliver to charlestown even though its 2 miles away so i 'd have to use ubereats for delivery .
for an alternative to those type of courier services postmates is probably the only other option .
i give you the walls part but there are still better things to take than that .
but the engage support ... . only silver would get in the situtaion where the other can use it .
the range is terrile the charge is too long .
have to agree about the hands less stretchy rope or more care with the knots .
but sigh do n't we all just wish we were the ones those eyes would open up and see .
well yeah and that 's likely to be the same in real life .
i 'm not trying to be hipster or anything that album just has this body to it that i love .
i was like 10 when take it back was released and that actually introduced me to pink floyd .
i just know i get some jaw drops from hardcore fans when i say that i love tdb .
blizzcon 2016 only went over tomb and broken shore info .
for a website that gets referenced so much and has talent behind it that makes it the de facto display analysis source they need to do a lot of work
i suggest you set backup alarms as well because mine worked fine yesterday but today it never ringed and i was fucking late
i agree but they have had much worse losses than this one .
im going with this team https imgur.com/a/xk7qz just trying to get 30 mill points
i private messaged you my app store email address let me know if you got it .
i still hop on every one in a while and use that with martyrdom sonic boom and 3x frags
seems your pet is malfunctioning and terminated please ship your pet to the nearest repair shop veterinarian
maho would likely be a wizard as they 're basically scientists but with magic .
those amoral thugs vote party and profits over people at every opportunity .
i imagine those that do n't know have long since been absent from this subreddit .
however i still think the rules are good to have just in case someone does come along .
that said people who do come along will want to beware of their pms as there 's people who will purposefully try to ruin it for them .
looks like i did a few okay things last frr besides messing my db10 and r5 teams ...
here https swarfarm.com/profile/slavash is my updated swarfarm do n't bother looking my teams on it those were last updated like five months ago or so ...
edit the monster being blocked by the chest is a second lushen .
my team is lushen l lushen galleon orochi stella .
earlier we had to defend on the map where you escort 3 tanks in the beginning .
you can build barricades on the road etc but my whole team was sniping in the back .
took me exactly 32 sturdy runs of a1s to complete my light .
the first time i saw it i thought it was some ebay shit that someone put on their new car .
did n't realize you had all the facts lol .
they threw a pass into the strike zone on these .
tons of people have safe bdsm relationships that do n't turn into this .
if you ca n't control yourself you 're not supposed to get into it .
there are a couple of local shirt design platform companies out there .
you just post your design and split the profits .
sounds like you 're off to a great start .
i 've found some decent ones but it is hard with such bad internet quality here .
ironically after i said i had n't had any issues with the amazon stream it started fucking up too haha
you are smarter than the average us i love sam so much
and when i start to think hey maybe my social skills are improving '' i go and do something cringey to top all my past cringe
with what looks like an aluminum center bead and bowtie lugs maybe somebody put wrap on an acrolite ?
i do n't have a copy of them but i remember neilyo well .
i leveled my 60 rogue on dark iron and knew him there and then transferred that same rogue to bdf so it could be in my raiding guild with my warlock .
i 'm having trouble remembering the other rogue that he used to play with i ran into him as well during legion but only chatted it up for a short bit .
this comes up if you google oprah car gift controversy '' ... but i assume you already did that instead of waiting 16+hours for information in the digital age
it was a pontiac and as we all said the taxes were a bitch for some
i hate video games so many things to do besides that
why do you think that reducing the world population is a band-aid and not a fix ?
i see a band-aid as covering the problem without addressing the core cause but the issue is caused by excess/inefficient consumption by a large and still increasing population obviously simplified .
in my mind addressing either the population or the consumption habits will go towards solving the issue .
i did n't say range will be an issue .
just that you 'll have to charge it several times a day and that 'll royally fuck the battery
why would you have to charge several times a day if you 're not trying to exceed range ?
your phone 's battery and your car 's battery are two different beasts .
a car 's battery has an active cooling system to cool it down when too hot and an active warming system to warm it up when it is too cold .
also charging to 100 and draining to 0 does damage to the battery .
a car 's battery does n't let you charge to full ... 100 on the dash is only about 70 or so and 0 is n't really empty the car saves a buffer in either end to preserve longevity of the battery .
remember your phone 's battery only has to survive long enough until next year 's model comes out .
your car 's battery has to survive for years .
this seems to be missing the rebel areas in south ghouta including isis 's occupation of hajar aswad and the yarmouk camp .
this area will be pretty important when it soon becomes the only border between assad 's forces and isis .
r/hungryartists has quite a high turnover though i ca n't speak for the reliability of the artists since that really depends on who you actually commission rather than where you found them .
drew stanton must really suck if ur go to play on 1st down is a run w ap for no yards .
no i just do n't want them to know about my emotional vulnerabilities .
people are birds of prey when it comes to that .
yes except for the person i buy it from and anyone who sees me with it .
if they fireballed a building of vampires to death their st was n't paying much attention to paradox .
direct damage spells are n't broken because they exact a toll in paradox .
water feels like fire and fire feels like water .
their vision begins a foot in front of their face so they are always tripping or walking into walls .
and one particularly nasty fellow i had playing a silver ladder mage who used time magic to seduce women replaying conversations to always choose the right conversation path like spamming in a video game would get a time acccurate vision of his mom and dad boning to conceive him every time he got aroused for a month afterward .
i saw the title and got super confused because i thought you meant the socal weekly
i did n't expect a win tonight but i saw a lot of improvement out of our squad .
i hope bron does n't leave us but if he does i hope it 's for you guys because he 'd be a great fit !
cavs lost because they could n't grab a rebound in the 4th .
at least hes been going the line for us banging on the offensive glass
i really hate that they did n't really get into the plot .
like i really wanted more about where she disappeared too but instead i got incest ecchi
i 'm 32 have to agree with you 😊 he is handsome and very well-aged !
extremely torn between joining the crypto movement in san fran or becoming a skiing monster in ak .
ideally i would work really hard for some years and then hit the slopes for life with the right assets in place to live financially free .
yeah man this community is way friendly something i 've commented on publicly here before .
i play feng a lot and i actually like it better .
sorry to hear about being laid off after so long .
i️n 2008/09 after the crash i went from low six figures to unemployed for over a year .
living in la at the time i️ was going broke quickly .
i decided to take a job as a valet .
although at first i️ was humiliated and way over qualified i thought .
obviously it is never fun to be in it but looking back you always think meh no biggie .
i learned a lot about myself became more self aware and honest .
plus worked my way up to lead really quickly and actually thoroughly enjoyed the job .
plus as lead i 'm the guy who handles vip .
it would not be an exaggeration to say that i would walk with 800 average tips during a normal busy weekend .
of course the company got a hold of that and killed the golden goose .
even though that money never made it to thm anyway .
that happens when i type i️ but not everytime .
i just feel like future 's market is kind of bleh but it 's probably one of those things where until i play a dozen games or so with it i wo n't appreciate it 's potency .
i like it when the armbands are on the wrong arms .
with edelman out and brady needing to hold onto the ball longer the pass rush will eat him alive especially if cannon is out .
i expect the gameplan to become short passes and hope that osweiler does the normal osweiler things .
are we really going to hear joekic the entire game ?
it was amazing to finally see him crack after holding it together for so long .
there certainly were glimpses of him struggling to keep his experiences from getting to him for instance when him and debbie were getting it on and he could n't continue because she was wearing heels .
i think one song is about calvin ... it mentions that when men talk shit she owes them nothing and if they make profit off of her coin she 'll do what she wants obviously i 'm paraphrasing here because i ca n't remember exactly what it says .
that made me think of when she let it leak that she wrote calvin 's song this is what you came for . ''
its weakened but not gone besides could the us not join ig the political climate stabilizes and trumps impeached or serves one term ?
rezoning is very difficult due to ceqa some of the rezoning plans the city has tried with more density have been challenged and invalidated .
so the city is going slow with it to make sure it gets passed .
also the city did n't want to mess with anything while the big metro ballot measures were up for election since people would attack them based on the density increase .
you should expect something on this within ... 4 years .
reddit is all about click bait if you think about how submissions work .
obama always seemed firm but also considerate and approachable .
i️ have n't studied the man but i know some of his work sure ... what do you mean ?
i do n't think it is your low attack rating your high level conviction aura reduces the armor rating of bosses by 90 so an uber boss has between 200-300 armor rating under the effect of conviction with your ravenfrost and your attack rating bonus you should have 95 chance to hit .
your actual problem is your low aps '' comapred to zeal and the high block rating on uber bosses .
bosses do n't go into a block recovery animation when they block an attack so it seems like you miss .
vengeance also can get interupted which means that the attack gets canceled but the animation still plays without dealing damage and zeal ca n't .
thats the reason most uber farmers use zeal vengeance .
you should n't have let the asphalt company estimate their own scope by eyeballing some photographs .
a site survey should have been performed and you should have had detailed plans before bidding for construction .
you need to figure out exactly what the job is going to require and then you need to bid it out .
i just recently beat the game for the first time i 'd only dabbled with it for years before actually trying to complete it a month or two ago and i did n't even really understand why the murder your friends '' ending was in there .
as far as i could deduce she 'd been intending to hinder you the whole way .
i mean ok maybe i 'm paranoid but when vaas stabbed jason it sure as shit looked to me like the knife you 'd just given her .
you 're some rich kid with a gun running around the jungle .
so the first thing they do is have you clean up all the corruption on the first island .
get rid of all of hoyt volker 's hold on it .
vaas could kill you outright but he yet again kills '' you in a way you 're certain to survive given that you 're you .
you 're drugged the only time that you think you see him dead .
next thing you know she 's raping you in front of a bunch of other dudes .
you go out and clear the entire other island .
she is a symbol of freedom and the warrior to her people .
she has filled a power vacuum that was once held by a psychopath and a businessman .
hell that makes you the psychopath in this relationship .
until you 're given the choice kill her or get killed .
because everything else aside that is what it comes down to .
maybe because she 's a psycho bitch and she just does n't give a shit .
she wants me to die because vaas vaas is n't dead .
they 're going to be running these islands both of them now getting the full cut together instead of most of it going to volker and vaas getting scraps .
i could n't help but think it was a manufactured rebellion that was used to cover up a power-grab from the second in command and you just happened to be useful in doing it .
a liability who it 's finally time to get rid of .
or maybe i read way too much into something i was n't even certain of .
but i still do n't understand anyone who chose to kill the others .
you may not have been friends anymore but it still seems like a dick move .
give them chocolate covered cherries but replace the cherries with two month old mayonnaise
your minions will deal more damage with a minion damage support gem linked to the skill gem .
tooltips are n't terribly good in this game and that is especially true for minion skills .
you basically have no way of knowing exactly how strong your minions are .
protip your minions can also use gems like melee physical damage faster attacks and added fire damage and they scale really well with the minion damage gem if you it as well .
if she was interested she would have more than one word answers .
do n't get down on yourself and do n't waste time on people who do n't engage with you .
well we are using star trek analogies so i suppose another fictional one would n't hurt ... .
i still think it 's absurd that the accepted interpretation of the second amendment is to allow any drooling moonshine-fueled hick to purchase and possess exclusively designed ready-made tools of mass murder .
if we 're not going to require militia enrollment then there really need to be universal competency checks/training and mental well-being assessments .
everytime myself might type the letter that comes after h by itself it makes it a weird symbol
... sooo any recommendations on what airport to fly to and what transportation to get there ?
congressmen governors state representatives all of those people have faced a lot of scrutiny for the most part .
most of them have n't been all over the cable news networks for the past 20 years .
there are plenty of people who are in elected office that do n't have the baggage of everyone having an opinion on them .
you 're an idiot to take anything at face value from such a shitty source of information .
i figured that ubisoft was basically the same in-game and acted as the publisher but not the developer .
perhaps in-universe ubisoft is a wholly owned subsidiary of abstergo .
i 've been eating salmon daily now as my main protein for dinner .
i love fish especially salmon and i think i want to cut chicken out i used to have a chicken breast every other day .
i 'm just not a huge fan of the taste of chicken .
so i 'm leaning toward just eating mainly fish as my dinner protein .
i know there are certain fish to avoid due to mercury concerns but i 've read that salmon is generally safe from that ?
they 're frozen wild caught salmon fillets that i get at walmart .
is this also enough protein or should i be supplementing my diet with other things to account for just eating fish ?
i do have the occasional scrambled eggs and have 1-2 6oz yogurts daily .
i 'm really not savvy with macros yet and have n't been focusing too much on them .
that makes every single company in the world a shitty one ergo none of the companies are shitty .
that 's how it 's always been the number one does the minimum work required to stay number one while making huge profits while all the others put everything they have into making the best product on the market and become number one in which case they do the same shit previous number one did .
you can just leave a toothbrush in your luggage for next time .
people can talk about what they want to on these text threads provided the content does n't run afoul of the rules .
i joined hulu for saved by the bell reruns .
i stayed because its actually a very smooth service .
considering the level of reshoots and the review embargo being the day before the release i was expecting a mess like suicide squad was .
all in all i 'm happy as long as its as good as the first 2/3 's of the directors cut of bvs
i started by buying a guitar in the mid 200 range at a pawn shop .
a nice sounding guitar will keep you coming back more than just a cheap one .
i started with guitar jams by marty on youtube to learn basic major and minor chords and easy 3 to 4 chord songs .
partymarty on youtube is a great teacher for just songs as well .
where i live it 's almost a given that a man will have a slip joint on his belt in a leather sheath .
i started carrying one and honestly it 's great easy access and frees up pocket space
please report it so the mods can get to it quicker .
as i am not the grand arbiter of the world please take it as implied that everything i write is my opinion .
lmao assuming im a child i voted this election for the lesser of two evils .
hillary clinton is the biggest mob boss of all time .
you ca n't answer how she got so rich can you ?
copying from a comment i made on the aramusha post
the little arrows to the left of the light and heavy attacks lmb/rmb indicate attack direction up arrow up left arrow left right arrow right .
nothing like watching the ministry men playing at the famous kit kat crescent .
i already hate when songs i like become parts of commercials so i ca n't imagine if it was my first dance song .
there are ways to not pirate it ... you can rip your own games and that 's how cemu officially says to get games .
how exactly is if he wants to earn money he 'll have to recruit .
even a remotely decent response to the legitimate concerns over his noted dislike of recruiting ?
people can always tell the difference between a person who has passion for what they 're doing harbaugh and just going through the motions kelly .
do you really want a guy who recruits because he has to but hates it ?
or do you want a guy who recruits because he has to and likes it ?
i know who i 'd pick in that scenario .
though honestly there are still plenty of songs of theirs that end up having mainstream appeal .
i remember always thinking electioneering sounded so pop rock to me and i think quite a few more from that era also qualify .
many of the songs are actually pretty and not weird in the slightest as compared to their more experimental songs or songs that might have too controversal a message/language to air .
when i think back it feels like a lot of their stuff could be cherry-picked to seem more pop-friendly but yeah it certainly was n't intentional .
i 'm sure thom likes being out of the mainstream and would probably enjoy total obscurity as far as i can tell .
the only implication with the big bang is that we have no evidence of a time before it or even a thing called 'time ' .
you keep equivocating scientific research with religious explanations and that 's absolutely wrong .
we have very explicit reasons why we believe in the widely supported scientific areas .
please name one piece of evidence any religion has .
a person place or thing that i can visit or talk to or hear that would single handedly prove to me that a physical interpretation and representation of a all-powerful man in the sky exists .
science uses cause and effect to determine the workings of our world and universe and to determine the physical and other laws we abide by as people .
religion on the other hand attempts to understand the unknown about science people our history and the creation of our universe .
the fatal flaw with religion though is they are not evidence based claims nor are they backed up in any way shape or form .
all religions are different which proves that it 's horseshit .
if there is one god and he spoke to a famous disciple of your religion then what about the god that spoke to muhammad or the god that spoke to example '' or the god that spoke to example '' .
it is when you realize this that the meaning of religion begins to make sense .
religion 's silly side imo is thinking there is something more something higher and something more important in the world something that created us and watches over us .
it 's silly because it is ridiculous that people can think that without any shred of evidence beyond the spoken word of a guy who heard something .
god will never come out and say here i am because there probably is n't one .
why do you have to put faith in a higher being and worship one and dedicate your life to one and credit one for all of your achievements .
at the heart of religion beyond all of the names stories and texts is a core of morals that is embodied by the population and people who support that religion .
religion to me is a fundamental moral base for people .
the bad part that comes with it is the irrational belief in something without evidence because of faith '' and heaven at the end if i believe '' .
u/theprofessor_2987 why ca n't you be the highest power in this world .
we are the aliens we are the higher beings of this planet amongst animals .
what right does religion have to surrender our psychological and physical power and control ?
go out in the world and take shit for yourself be successful and have morals and be kind to others .
at the end of it all when you 're done dont thank god you know why ?
does it fondle your balls while you take a lead ?
which 87 rated player tries to get into their national team ?
all the players we got are not a starters subs for nt .
that will be it with players they are there for 6 days and promo ends in 6 days .
especially that quote of his where he says he 'd give up all his money just to be fit again
the history of the mr2 kind of reminds me of some women .
she starts off as a quirky awkward pre-teen who just seems a little bit different aw11 .
in her late teens and twenties she begins to really hit her stride and develops confidence charisma and turns drop-dead gorgeous .
she is at the top of her game personally and professionally sw20 .
however as she starts to age and progress into her thirties and forties she finds that she is not able to do the things that she did when she was just a little bit younger .
she spends the next 20 years desperately trying to recapture how she felt in her youth but only succeeds in creating a crude and limited imitation forever chasing what she once had but lost before eventually fading into obscurity .
the try-too-hard middle-aged woman who knows her best years are behind her but just ca n't seem to age gracefully .
if this theory is true then it can be loosely said that losing people you were expected to beat would make it decrease .
it 's a good idea to skip small printers with maybe a 100x100x100mm volume and no heated bed .
but save yourself the headache and time and get a 2000 printer '' does not seem to quite add either .
maybe the other commenter that pretty much upgraded their ultimater 2 to a ultimaker 2 does not make it sound like going high end will magically solve all problems .
a cr-10 is 400 and supposedly is pretty good without a lot of tweaking .
furthermore from what i 've heard in other discussions many people would prefer having multiple good printers over one great printer .
but it all depends on what you 're doing of course .
when ted had to make a choice ted chose his friends over the ny elite just to hang out for one night .
it would have been in his best interest to stay and forge some life long connections to further his career and future .
but marshall lily have no trouble running off to rome for a year when it is in their best interest .
marshall lily gave ted shit because he wanted to spend one night away from the group then proceed to leave the group for a year .
i 'm sorry i do n't know if i 'm being really dumb but i still do n't understand what you 're asking .
are you asking if opportunity costs need to be factored in when talking about 'freedom ' ?
i still have a pair of pants from the '90s that i paid too much money for they have 60 '' leg openings at the bottom .
to be clear each leg opening is five feet in circumference .
i 've worn them only a handful of times .
i pull them out every once in a while with friends when they 'll be optimally ridiculous/stupid .
i have to lift up the pant legs to mince up stairs or i 'll trip on them .
as a dude who 's been laid off multiple times from tech jobs it never gets easier so i 'd never wish unemployment on a studio that 's at the mercy of ea .
they had to make the best iteration of a product under strict-as-hell ea requirements .
that being said your opinion counts and is very valid .
ireland does more good for the world that us cited
that 's all i 've said and your still here trying to argue with facts it 's hilarious dude
just admit to reality like why are you still here your wrong there is no evidence to back you up
there has been no point from the start of this thread where i corrected you on legal aid till now when you 've been right or had the upper hand .
i work with the international markets we work with these numbers every day
you call me strawnan after admitting you withhold facts like ffs xd
i think the issue with biden 's age could be remedied by picking a young vp .
if this is n't a copy-pasta it is now .
saved for future use if you do n't mind .
nato will not be ‘compelled ' to do anything .
europe is currently suffering with the consequences of america 's lust for war meanwhile the us reaps all of the benefits and non of the backlash .
fortunately north korea is nothing like the middle east where the us military has transformed entire countries into their playground .
the sacred territory of korea is protected by the revolutionary forces of mount paektu who have been preparing for war for over 70 years and will never miss a chance to completely annihilate all us imperialist aggressor forces to even the last man such that not a single american imperialist will be left to sign the instrument of surrender .
the us administration is well aware that they are outmatched when it comes to confrontation with korea hence they have n't played their war games on korean territory as they do regularly in the middle east
great i 'll look it up and hopefully find a pdf .
she 's not even in the top 10 hotteset ufc women
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech and other incivility violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
there 's a megathread on how to do it .
it 's widely considered to be against humans ' tribal instincts to allow vulnerable members of society to be hurt as archaeological evidence from prehistoric grave sites shows they cared for those who were young sick or disabled .
these are all stupid and even less convenient tbh .
swiping down on the home bar is a non-starter and the 3d touch ideas just do n't fit in with the rest of the gestures .
there 's only one way that makes sense follows the pattern of simple interactions that the x brought and occupies only otherwise unused space put it as the right-most app .
in the app switcher it could be offset to the right separate from the card stack .
in an app swiping left on the home bar instead of springing back to the current app would activate cc .
if you switched apps recently and there 's still another app to the right it would come in as normal and the next swipe s would reveal cc .
i doubt we get another map after that until february or march spankthenoodle .
omg mr high maintenance over here thinks 12 ga maps is n't gon na hold him over unlike the 4 large fucking maps we got in battlefront 1 .
are seriously complaining a free dlc mission being 1-2 hours long ?
do you want the devs to go write a new story and give you a 8 hour bonus campaign to make you feel better .
thank you but to be honest it was mspaint the quick and fun photoshop .
i was n't expecting to get it yet though so i need to read the summary of the previous books to be reminded of what happened .
it 's curious that people keep making bad decisions .
each person who sold or got out of bitcoin lost money .
a lot of people realized that adam 's company was crippling bitcoin switched to ethereum and made tons of money .
ethereum significantly outperformed the artificially constrained bitcoin network over the last 2 years on november 11 2015 eth was 0.78 .
ethereum multi-failed scales worse is not used transactionally https twitter.com/adam3us/status/928899025352278019
ethereum usually process more transactions per day than segwitcoin .
in the last 24 hours ethereum processed 445,903 transactions with low fees https bitinfocharts.com/comparison/ethereum-transactions.html while segwitcoin could only handle 252,444 transactions https bitinfocharts.com/comparison/bitcoin-transactions.html with high fees .
a lot of core '' supporters explicitly say that segwitcoin should n't be used transactionally and is only a store of value '' .
how many incorrect things can adam back say in just two tweets ?
that 's great deal to me baofeng bf-t1 walkie talkie http couponsfromchina.com/2017/09/12/baofeng-bf-t1-walkie-talkie-coupon-price-gearbest really good discount !
i see btc going as far down as 4500-5000 .
all it requires is for bcc to double it 's value on this run .
morrowloot ultimate adds the boots of blinding speed from into skyrim .
anyway to put that in skyrim through an effect permanently ?
confirmed with a couple of tests and a digital and going to see the doctor on monday .
just wanted to say hi and tell someone about it as we are going to wait to tell our parents !
a few weeks back i obtained an imac g4 with the intent on dual-booting os9 and osx on it both on separate partitions .
however as soon as i install panther the newest version i have on-hand that this can run the only way i can boot into os9 is by holding down the option key at boot and selecting that drive if i try to go through the startup disk menu in panther the os9 partition is n't even listed .
is there any way to get the os9 partition to appear in there ?
if it has any effect the imac in question is the osx only '' variant of the 800mhz imac g4 which i was able to get running os9 via a modified disc from os9lives which it runs beautifully by the way .
one of the activities we do with kids is to make glow in the dark slime .
we buy the ingredients from a company but they absolutely refuse to tell us what they are .
we 've even asked for safety data sheets but they wo n't send us those either .
all they 'll tell us is that the ingredients are gluten and wheat free and conform to toy safety standards .
we 'd like to know what the ingredients are out of curiosity and so that we do n't have use the dumbed down names when explaining things to the kids .
the second is phosphorescent powder which i 'm fairly certain is copper-doped zinc sulfide .
the third ingredient is thickener which i think might be guar gum .
it 's a fine off-white powder with a slight grain or bean smell .
the fourth ingredient i 'm not so sure about .
it 's a clear colorless liquid slightly more viscous than water that has a slippery feeling and a slight citrus smell .
i do n't know if that 's its natural smell or an added fragrance .
my only guess is that it might be sodium tetraborate solution .
the slime that is produced is a translucent light yellowish color .
using household or easy to obtain materials is there any way for me to determine if the thickener is in fact guar gum and to figure out what the crosslinker is ?
i do n't have much chemistry experience or have access to any chemistry equipment .
any other item which is not in list are not for trade except keys
1 ★ butterfly knife doppler factory new 7349985353241365107 0.008549396879971027 http csgo.exchange/item/12300574176 phase 2 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/phase 2 screens https imgur.com/a/ob1up 15th on csgo exchange|235
so capslock on and let 's get bitching ! !
you look like you could use someone new and special in your life .
he 's sleek smooth and looks really good in black .
dave will be there at your lowest of lows and you can kick it with dave on your couch or lounge chair and just know that if someone gets turned on he 's ready to go all night .
dave is positive but he has his negatives too .
he ca n't cook but he can make your subs way better .
dave is a great transducer with 20 watts at 4 ohms .
that 's not an innuendo that 's just a fact about our product .
get your self a dave today well heck ... ..get 4 daves !
dave dayton audio vibration exciter is an extremely compact tactile transducer or bass shaker that is perfect for adding low frequency effects that are felt instead of heard .
the small size makes the dave ideal for use on smaller chairs automotive applications or even gaming systems !
history unfortunately did not get him from a reliable breeder .
i wo n't say his previous owner was a bad owner but judging purely off of his environment dirt yard on the bad side of town let 's just say i like to think he 's better off here .
got him at around 2 or 3 months old though .
previous owner did have both of his parents i 'm betting one or both of them had hip dysplasia as well but ca n't be sure honestly .
clinical signs he started yelping when he gets up from laying down a couple months ago so we took him to get x-rays and he has hip dysplasia .
links to test results x-rays vet reports etc here https imgur.com/a/gbu9w is a link to his x-ray clearly showing the hip dysplasia .
also here https imgur.com/a/zc6jz is a picture of him a few months outdated he 's a bit taller and bigger now .
lastly here https www.chewy.com/earthborn-holistic-primitive-natural/dp/32402 ? utm_source=google-product utm_medium=cpc utm_campaign=f utm_content=earthborn 20holistic utm_term gclid=eaiaiqobchmih535n-q11wiviv9-ch2xuqpheayyaiabegjsp_d_bwe gclsrc=aw.ds is a link to the food he has eaten since we got him .
so this is about my boy diesel most info is up above but a few more things .
we found out last week that he has hip dysplasia and he has been taking a 75mg carprofen once every 12 hours since .
he runs around walks and plays normal no problem .
just when he gets up he yelps which is what led us to initially bring him in for x-rays leading to our findings obviously .
so for the actual question ... we are basically looking for help of what to do .
obviously there is not really a cheap solution here and i try not to let money be a factor in this .
there are enough resources out there that i would like to just do what will be best for him .
i was told by the vet and what i read online that thr total hip replacement is the best option but i am worried about his recovery for that and will it even be worth it in the long run ?
will it be just as bad when he gets older ?
i know there are a couple other common solutions which are an option as well .
i 'm just looking for advice on what would be best for him .
let me know if i can provide any more information i 've tried to be as descriptive as possible .
i really appreciate any input thank you very much in advance !
tl dr looking for opinions on what the best option for hip dysplasia is in the long run not considering money as a factor for the most part i 'm still just a broke college student though .
max level up bot bonus cd-key http steamcommunity.com/id/maxlevelupbot http steamcommunity.com/id/maxlevelupbot
each cs go key you will get 17 card sets equivalent to 1700 xp .
each tf2 key you will get 12 card sets equivalent to 1200 xp .
every 220 gems will get you 1 card set equivalent to 100 xp .
! help show you the commands and what they do
! owner show the admin profile if you have any problems you may contact me
! stats show current amount of bot currencies sets gems keys
! level your dream level calculate how many sets and how many keys it will cost to desired level
! check show how many sets the bot have available and how much you can craft
! check amount show how many sets and which level you would reach for a specific amount of keys
! checktf amount show how many sets and which level you would reach for a specific amount of keys
! checkgems amount show how many sets and which level you would reach for a specific amount of gems
! buy amount of cs go keys use to buy that amount of cs go keys for sets you dont have following the current bot rate
! buytf amount of tf keys use to buy that amount of tf keys for sets you dont have following the current bot rate
! buygems amount of sets use to buy that amount of sets for gems following the current bot rate
! buyany amount of cs go keys use to buy that amount of cs go keys for any sets following the current bot rate
! buyone amount of cs go keys use this if you are a badge collector .
bot will send only one set of each game following the current bot rate
! buyonetf amount of tf keys use this if you are a badge collector .
bot will send only one set of each game following the current bot rate
! buygemsone amount of sets use this if you are a badge collector .
! sell amount of cs go keys use to sell your sets for cs go key s
! sellgems amount of sets use to sell your sets for gems
! selltf amount of tf keys use to sell your sets for tf key s
! sellcheck amount of cs go keys use to check information about sets you can sell
at the end of your turn banish the displayed monsters '' .
do you take this to mean at the end of every turn banish displayed monsters or after displayed monsters are used for dice then at the end of your turn banish displayed monsters ?
depending on the meaning it 's okay or really powerful .
please comment before pm'ing happy to answer any questions .
i recently got 2k18 and noticed that i am not getting any cutscenes in my career .
after spending an hour trying to figure it out i think it is because i am not online .
i do n't have xbox live and i keep getting an error saying i ca n't connect to 2ksports servers .
considering that the server is being redone as civex 4 i figured it 's as good a time as any to join the crowd of nations under the banner of mikrrashto .
this is a monarchial republic meaning that the leader me is a monarch because this is minecraft and you do n't stay dead unless its hardcore while every other position is either elected or appointed .
hopefully once i get the map downloaded i can figure out where to put my claim but for now this is all i have .
btw im working on a conlang for this sooooo yea that 's where the name comes from
is it ok to prestige yet without getting all the bugs ?
just maxed out and would like to know if i can continue on .
minor stories screenshots shitposts rants and general comments anout anything and everything !
i really hope we get this also what do you think if any video game themed xbox will be next
currently el salvador has a very small logistics force which has done an awful job in its operations .
massive equipment losses frequent failures to deliver things on time and efficiently have shown that it needs a massive reform .
the current logistics unit will be de-established with some of its staff brought into the new logistics command from here on called the salvadoran military logistics command or the smlc .
the smlc will be staffed with 3,000 staff across the board with three general groups where staff will be assigned general logistics command general engineering command and general signals and communications command .
the glc will be in charge of equipment and supply transportation and will be assigned 1,500 staff and will soon hopefully come into the possession of supply trucks .
the gec will be will be in charge of the engineering units that already exist and will be given 1,000 staff .
gscc will be given an overall charge of maintaining signals and communications across military units and command under any circumstances .
not the entire responsibility of these tasks will be placed on these units as that would cause massive problems if these organizations suffered large losses so they will be in charge of larger general operations but the smaller units will remain in control of specific operations .
an additional change will be made to overall logistics operations regarding the losses '' of weapons by soldiers .
usually these losses '' are sales or robberies and this only feeds to the crime crisis .
as such all weapons will first be added to an army registry of weapons which will keep track of many different identifiers and will also assign a number to the weapon .
if a weapon is lost by a solder the weapon assigned to him during that period will be flagged as lost and added to a lost weapons list .
in the case that its found to be connected to a crime the soldier will be investigated for crime links and if found guilty of a crime there will be dishonorably discharged and face the possibility of criminal charges .
you must escort the random aka the vip through the map to the final circle !
letting the random die means you failed your mission .
build around him give him your shield potions juice even your best weapons .
do everything in your power as a 3 man to keep that random dude alive .
also if you manage to get a random with a mic you must call him commander and ask for his permission to do anything .
randoms never expect it and you catch them completely off guard .
most are used to shitty teammates so to give them all the attention and give them all of your stuff it makes everyone in the party happy .
then having a separate mission just takes the game to another level .
you have no idea if this random is good or shit at the game if he rushes into stupid situations all you know is you have to keep him alive !
i am sure some of you will love it .
what i mean is tank bosses such as baron rivendare or other level 60 5 man content and not be 1-2 shot and still manage to at least hold some aggro .
i posted about a month ago about not understanding how jehovah 's witnesses was a cult .
since many of you guys have me proof and good reasoning i came to see the truth .
while i 'm in-active the rest of my family is still a part of the org .
since then i 've tried to keep what i found out to myself out of respect for their happiness but my conscience was eating at me knowing my younger sisters have to go through the same things i did and whatever other reasons so i decided to tell my mom what i had found .
i learned two things ... you can never truly be prepared to face the fact someone you love is indoctrinated and i do n't have much hope of truly reconnecting with the friends i left behind with hall .
our family is a little more lax than others so i doubt i 'll be outted as an apostate .
maybe i was wrong for saying anything and should have left well enough alone ...
does anyone else have a bug where over time their screen will change to more brighter colors if they wake it from the dim state ?
it 's almost like a bright tint or hue that applies to the whole screen .
the only fix i have noted is to turn off the screen and turn back on .
i 've tested with and without nightshift on the same thing occurs .
i have also tested brightness slider it has no affect on the issue .
if anyone has a fix for this it would be much appreciated .
no late payments no accounts opened or closed no new inquiries no derogatory remarks ever .
i pulled my tu credit report and there 's absolutely nothing new on it .
equifax went up by 6 pts over the same period .
i noticed an one person that caught my attention has an interesting gesture everytime i saw the person and we had made an accidental eye contact the person always look down on its feet it happened so far 4 full 4 times out of full 4 i had eye contact with such person so it really made me curious of such action can anyone tell me about it ?
i 'm really confused by the things i need to do to get the stimulant syringe specialization for medic .
the only way this can be even remotely painless is to play assault .
why am i basically forced to play assault to get a specialization for the medic class ?
the fact that it 's only on amiens is oddly specific and it feels like someone on the subreddit wrote this one as a joke .
this one is manageable its somewhat easy to get the jump on people with all the foliage and close quarters combat .
i wish it was related to the medic class somehow but at least you can do it using that class .
i 'd much rather have a number of medic related tasks to complete instead of this such as '100 revives on ballroom blitz ' .
at least it 's easy to spam frags into the bunkers .
ultimately has nothing to do with playing the medic class .
maybe 'get 5 highlights for medic ' would do .
i 'm glad they made nivelle nights base game because of this .
again this is hard to do with the medic class and is best done using scout .
this suffers the same problem that all the others do .
what does this even have to do with medic ! ?
perhaps 'score top 5 as medic ' instead of whatever this is .
two of these are only feasible using the assault class and none of them have anything to do with medic .
this is an assignment to unlock something for the medic class .
this would be a great assignment for an assault specialization maybe if the requirements were toned down a little bit .
i have no hesitation in getting this person in to legal trouble .
hey all i 'm in chicago this weekend and it just so happens to be my birthday .
i 'm hoping someone will want to help me celebrate .
i 'll be 27 and willing to give back in whatever way you want .
hey guys i am currently in my 6th season of my offline connected franchise mode .
so far every single year a defensive player wins the heisman in college .
i was just curious to know if this is something that happens to everybody else or is something wrong/fixable ?
any help you guys could give would be great !
so lately this game has started to feel like a big grind to me .
i 've played through quite a bit of it i 'm soulbound to another player and we 're now helping a couple new players through the tutorial .
i 've even got my own base and a couple mounts .
i 've heard that this is supposed to be the most rewarding game path but the upkeep costs on all this is turning the game into a real drag i spend so much time earning the credits for my base and helping the new players that i barely have time to earn xp for myself any more .
every play session feels the same going on pretty much the same quests dealing with the same challenges to the point where the sessions blend together and i barely remember what i 've done .
my play sessions have even gotten longer with less downtime which means i 've almost never got the well rested '' buff so many players take for granted .
sometimes i feel like i picked the wrong build for my playstyle but i 'm now too high-level to respec .
things have become such a grind that i 've started thinking about quitting the game altogether .
does anyone have any advice or suggestions on how i could start enjoying the game again ?
i 'm new to computers and for a while now my gpu has been crashing and i do n't know how to tell why it is doing so .
i quit to improve attention and memory but even with working out and taking multi vitamins calcium magnesium zinc and d3 my mind is still absent as fuck .
the only thing left is to completely quit weed and then i wo n't be on any stimulants .
people made this out to be some all over life improving program .
it 's good for self control but come on people stop acting like this cures cancer .
i wove in some character backstory believing that the fruit would play into it .
alas as sometimes happens the player did not bite and had apparently lost interest in this character .
she is now happily set up with a lizardfolk cleric of life but the fruit still sits undisturbed and forgotten in their pack .
my question is what this fruit should possibly do if they decide to eat it ?
it was pulled from the heart of the gulthias tree and i described it as a pure white fruit of some kind '' .
my original idea was for it to force a level of vampire/death cleric/ect .
my iphone 7 suddenly randomly started playing audio in the right channel only .
i 've tested it in my car with headphones etc. and i can hear audio only in the right speaker .
my accessibility slider is in the middle so that 's not the issue .
my iphone has a way of doing things itself .
it says you could possibly get a card 88-92 .
does that mean it 's possible to get one of the older flashbacks like c. wake in this upgrade set ?
so as we know there are 6 hidden characters in ww2 zombies each require the player to unlock 5 unique challenges in game .
for the survivalist you need to survive 30 rounds.. without power no blitz no downs only spawn weapons and only two purchases from the box .
i have done all of these objectives and saw them come up except for one in particular .
this would be the mystery box challange where you can only purchase from it twice .
i have done that in 3 different games and have resetted my console my game and even switched lobbies but still no unlock .
when i have done the two box run i have bought perks i have upgraded the weapons i have n't gone down and have used the free fire special with the armored up pack mule and mk.ii mods .
i have passed round 30 as well to confirm it .
i 'm looking for some single player games that my wife might enjoy watching me play .
preferably with enough action to keep me interested but enough story and/or visuals to keep her interested .
some examples of games she has enjoyed watching me play so far are
edit added some other games we already played through that i forgot to include .
so you know how when you finish gta 5 it gives you all the stats and you use one character more than others what if that 's how they determined which game to release next think about it trevor was a popular character and they release rdr2 or will release but he 's a badass that lives in the desert has no chill and is represented by the color orange like marstons dead eye michael was like max payne he looked like him he wore similar clothes the barber could make him look like max payne and his ability was basically dead eye and franklin represented gta6 because he 's basically new cj and is focused on driving he 's grove street etc ... but do you think this is true or am i just thinking too much ?
i have an i7 7700k and gtx 1060. i do n't know what to do plss halp .
sorry but not only is her acting terrible ... but the whole vigilante witch hunt has been done in previous seasons with captain lance .
this also breaks my external audio device emu 0204 .
did some youtube videos from 2014 made by 12 year olds
renamed update.exe '' to update1.exe '' this got me into discord .
it ran for all of 2 minutes and then crashed my audio .
upon restart i am back to spinning logo with random meme starting '' .
someone please help me it 's been like this for about a week .
why do many half asian/half asian males tend be judgmental ?
i mean not all of them but one i see online .
when come to their dating choice of their partner .
i really love the game so far ... but where are the stats ?
i 've lost so much patience for things to get better .
it does n't seem like it will and these feelings are so intense i do n't know how much longer i can bear it .
but i 'm afraid of what will happen if i did it .
i do n't expect anyone to have an answer to that .
my fear that things could be worse after is the only thing stopping me .
went to finally play the 2nd episode after being way too busy .
played the opening scene and did n't like the final turn out so decided to try and replay the episode .
ended up restarting the entire game and i now have to play the first episode over again ... whoops !
just standing here and i ca n't help but feel empty .
i recently saved up/got gifted a flashforge inventor 2 .
i have been using it quote a bit to print lots of goodies but my main goal it to print some minis and terrain for dnd .
as a test we made up my wife 's character in heroforge and forked out to download the model .
i have been printing it a couple of tries and i keep getting lots of stringing with this model in particular .
when it prints the sword it just goes bananas .
i was wondering if anyone else had experience printing the heroforge minis and if so any tipsfor printing them up ?
but anyways i feel so strongly like i have to wait for this calling to come to fruition but at the same time god could just open and close certain doors to get me to where i need to be .
i do n't here this voice from on high so besides certain doors opening and closing i do n't know how else to let god lead me ... . but anyways this kind of holds me back from doing certain things i just need closure that i can really do whatever i want in life as long as it 's good .
i 'm a 19m i have a part time job and i 'll have my general associates degree which will be 100 transferable anywhere by june of this next spring/summer .
i think i 'll be moving and just need to move on from where i 've lived the last mostly lived almost 11 years .
let me know if i need to explain anything better .
from what i 've been told i 'm only a few quests away from reaching the final quest in the campaign should i complete the story before playing the dlc or do the dlc now ?
ok lichen polynomial c on the waxen pith pulsewidth 4 ... normal chill playlist .
i was falling asleep step by step you know how it feels .
then spotify played a song outside of my playlist .
i was nearly sleeping so i was too lazy to turn it off .
beggining was n't that bad but then it started to sound higher-pitched and it did n't want to finish .
it overwhelmed me and scaried the shit out of me .
i get some breath issues then i standed on my feet half conscious in one second it was an impuls .
it took me 3 hours to fall asleep again .
moral of this story is that not every richard track is enjoyable when you 're trying to sleep in empty house at 2 a.m .
i 'm not sure if i 'll find the information i 'm looking for here but here it goes !
i remember a few years ago pubs and other places in england used to hold sc2 events while the major games were on live stream
i 'm wondering if anyone has any pictures of any of these or can point me in the right direction to where i can find some ?
the answer to the best fov the best sensitivity the best audio settings etc is always the same .
the best answer is always whatever works best for you .
do n't use a pro sensitivity or config even if you do n't like it just because they 're pro .
the pros are the best of the best because they chose their settings and stuck with it .
trained mechanical aim with the same sens all the time .
i started up the game for the first time in 2 months today and found that a residential building asset that i had subscribed to had disappeared from the game .
i checked it in the content manager and found out that the author had deleted it from the workshop or it had been taken down for some reason .
is there any way i can get it back ?
the lives of 6400 cims hangs in the balance ...
i 'm new to the game and i only play myleague atm with a friend .
was wondering if i started a new custom team how would i go about getting lebron and westbrook on my team ?
i 'm not too sure how it all works .
the trade must include at least these 4 items .
i can add a fireworks ge depending on what your offer is .
i 've been listening to the alexander hamilton musical yesterday and i must say i 've fallen in love with the times and events presented .
i live in europe and honestly i 'm not that familiar with american history but this particular time and place seems to be full of great stories about war politics ambition scandals patriotism and conflict .
i got easily hooked and would like to read more on the subject .
can you recommend me a book about times of a founding of america hopefully covering histories of all the founding fathers preferably written in a nice easy-to-read narrative style but still sticking to the facts ?
i 'd be very keen to read such book .
i jerk off my 9 inch cock to her almost every day that milf who lives next door to me those curves those large tits which bounce as she goes around the garden her large thick ass which sways when she 's doing yoga in the back yard .
i imagine her boncing on my cock when i 'm home alone taking every inch of my large dick in her mouth lipstick smearing all over the hard white shaft .
home alone masturbating my virgin cock to this woman 's instagram profile both hands lubed up as they slide up and down my cock with ease .
i 'm a loud masturbator when there 's no one in the house it feels so euphoric when i can feel my golfball size balls tighten and shoot the thick creamy ooze shoot out and spray everywhere .
usually resulting in me jumping in the shower because i 'm so covered in my slime .
that 's what she does to me makes me feel like i 'm in heaven whist in the shower i wonder if she would ever go for a guy like me .
part of me hopes she 'll be my sex tutor one day .
helping me to become an absolute god in the sheets i have the equipment now all i need is the experience ...
cleaned up and re dressed i go downstairs to get some food to my dismay most things are gone .
then i notice the little note written by mum george can you go next door to get sugar from miss.jessamy ?
i 'm baking your older sister a cake for her 26th '' my heart races eyes widen and cock starts to nurse a huge semi .
heyy so i love role reversals its a real turn on for me i 'm looking for this prompt to be long term where this milf next door uses george as a fuck toy basically telling him to be her personal play thing obviously as the characters develop shell open up to the idea of her hung neighbour to date girls ... and maybe join in on the fun ...
if you are interested please message me with kinks and limits with the word bitchtits .
if you do n't ill make up some way to instatly end the roleplay and please be detailed !
for those of you unfamiliar with stand saturday it 's a weekly game where we each create our own stands .
a stand is essentially the personification of one 's willpower which is the power that replaced the ripple hamon starting in part 3 of jojo .
each stand 's ability is completely different to an extent from everyone else 's and really depends on your creativity on how to use it .
in addition to stand abilities each stand has its own stats which represents its effectiveness these are power speed range durability precision and development potential .
this week 's theme is from u/redheaded_robot superheroes create stands for your favorite comic book characters !
「avenger」 takes the form of thor 's hammer mjolnir .
「avenger」 allows thor to harness the elements of a storm freely calling down lightning rain wind and snow to hinder his enemies .
as 「avenger」 is bound to mjolnir only stand users can pick up mjolnir .
thor 's strength and vitality are directly tied to 「avenger」 if thor is too far away from 「avenger」 he loses strength and becomes vulnerable to attacks .
if there 's a value differential please let me know .
link to bot http steamcommunity.com/id/foxlevelupservices selling 19 sets for 1 csgo key
edit well i just played a couple of games with no mic turns out it 's pretty simple when you play as a medic plus people do n't complain about the medic being mute when they are being revived .
edit 2 so i have been playing matches all day as a medic and i have n't gotten any complaints and this is after i moved to the non-newbie servers .
its kinda easy to play actually if you dedicate yourself to it .
i got some anxious moments early on but after saving a few squad member they stop complaining very fast .
the trick is to play non combative keep yourself out of combat in cover with proper spacing and then you can rez the whole squad after a single mortar or grenade wipes them out complaints of being mute end pretty quick after that happens for the 4th time .
i am more like battlefield doctor then combat medic .
has anyone had success with growing passionfruit in a large pot ?
i rent so i want to be able to take it with me when i move .
i 've gone with a grafted black passionfruit in a 55cm pot .
i put a plant trainer in there to support the vine once it gets bigger .
i 'd love to do a cheating roleplay where i 'm either engaged or married already and i cheat on my so after seeing or coming into contact with a monster cock !
we can play whatever scenario we can come up with i have a few in mind but i 'd love if you brought some to the table too !
i 'll post a few of my ideas below for inspiration !
detailed and well thought out responses will be responded in kind and at anytime so no rush !
wife goes for an acting audition and ends up shooting a porn !
wife shoots some pictures with a hung photographer for her husband 's birthday !
wife is a nurse at a local hospital where everyone is hung !
wife goes holiday to a resort does n't realise that it 's a nude resort with some special cuisine !
wife 's yoga instructor has some very interesting techniques or positions !
wife 's sex drive is low and is admitted through a course of gangbang therapy
husband can not conceive so wife goes to a sperm bank not knowing the insemination is very natural !
bachelorette can not resist her stripper/s and is pressured by her friends to go wild !
wife is a stripper at a bachelor 's party and goes a bit off the rails
wife goes for a job interview and her skills really come to the fore
wife goes for a massage or is a massage therapist and gets a surprise !
wife wants to spice up the bedroom so goes to a sex shop
wife is away on business with a hung colleague and finds out the hard way !
or as i would prefer to any alternation or alternative to what i wrote thanks !
and i love the outlaw spec so is it better to use daggers or swords on outlaws ?
hello i am bored of playing solo and its not even fun on bigger servers .
well i decided to look for somebody who would like to play duo on some max group size 2 servers .
i am not playing rust for long 150 hours but i think im good played in group of 5 and learned lot of things .
well they dont play actively and i am ehre almost every time alone .
i am 23 years old if that matters and im finishing college teacher well i can use discord or teamspeak there is no problem .
please add me on steam so we can talk about it
i 've placed 10 on it some are hopefully calls to get the odds up .
q can i buy different items of the same price and still receive bulk price ?
a yes i can take large orders and you will receive a bulk price depending on the amount .
q how long do large orders take to complete ?
a large orders may take up to 24 hours to complete .
a if i do n't respond i 'm either asleep at work or trading with someone else .
a you can choose between trading in game or getting the items on mule/s for free .
larger custom orders will be delivered by mules only .
q can you get items that you do n't have in stock ?
a if you need something i do n't have in stock tell me !
i realeased this music last week and had a great feedback by brazilian listeners d but i really want to know about people of other countries .
here is not common this kind of music not many people produces house there we 're stucked on brazilianbass by now .
maybe this is a thing that people found out it different here ...
listen on spotify there 's the radioedit not a intro so long as youtube
on this subreddit you can share and download music bootlegs .
the first is to create a text post here with the info about the show and a download link .
the other is to post a list of the shows you have and have people request shows they would like that you can later upload .
it can be hard to post an entire collection online at the same time so feel free to post your lists and only upload what people request .
if you want to share your collection that is great but please do n't expect anything in return for it besides the support of the community .
we have no ratios and total strangers may swipe it all up without even a reply to thank the uploader .
the point however of this sub is to share the music with all the people that wants it .
the format must be lossless such as flac and shn and unless it is given explicit permission mp3 files are not allowed here .
what you do with the files once you have downloaded it is your own business but on this subreddit the music files must be lossless .
when you post a show please use a seperate post for each show so all info can be posted .
if you do n't follow this format your post will be removed .
if any info is unknown you can replace it with a ?
any additional info like last ever concert '' can be posted after this required info .
if you do post a list please use the following format when naming your post .
example list faffri mainly classic rock from 1970s and 1980s
if you want to post a request please start the post with request
each separate posted show will be posted to the master index with all bands sorted in alphabetical order .
i would imagine that predatory assholes are somewhat scared and mindlessly sexist dudes are a little more aware but was wondering if that filtered into behavior changes yet anecdotally .
i sent from trezor with segwit and included roughly 3 fee which had an estimated confirm of 4hrs according to trezor .
as the title says it 's now been stuck for 24hrs what are my options here ?
also how long will a transaction stay unconfirmed is there a time limit before it cancels out or can it theoretically be stuck forever ?
looking for a feature-length movie i saw on youtube a while ago .
it open with a young woman walking through a park in a very short dress without underwear .
i believe at one point she flashes someone she notices watching her .
probably a tinto brass movie but not 100 sure .
i would like to get a friends list going on my blizzard account .
had tonnes on console but i 've moved to pc and have no friends lol .
it 's just me and a new friend i found in the few games i 've played .
i 'm looking for european server players preferably spitfire fans who are silver and want to try and group up to improve .
i think my game sense is high plat but my aim is low to mid silver due to the move from console to pc .
i have a positive in game attitude think rl lucio .
i play support i think i 'm a good lucio 300hrs and i was a good mercy 150 but that was before her re-work .
i can also play zen 20 but i 'm nowhere near as practiced .
my plan is to grind out lucio to get back into the swing of the game .
then grind mercy so i 'm back to good .
fingers crossed there are some dps and tanks out there in need of a dedicated healer at silver/gold level for grouping .
i 'm sure this is rather common so my question is does it really even make a difference ?
will i find it easier to get classes for my major csc/se or is this the norm and i wo n't really notice anything ?
i do n't expect much this or next year but when i 'm a junior and i can register third will getting those classes i could n't snag during sophmore year be easier ?
i 'd rather sell both simultaneously than sell them individually feel free to offer me for each though i 'll have a look at it .
i 'd like to see some diversity in side quests .
in far cry 4 we had few types of side quests which were literally copy paste .
i 'd also like to see more challenge not just increased damage by enemies .
in 2010 i along with my wife once saw a harrier jet fly over the road on the way from pagosa springs colorado through dulce new mexico on the way to the airport in albuquerque new mexico .
it flew over at an extremely low rate of speed and appeared to land vertically on the other side of a mesa and appeared to completely disappear from view once we drove along the road to the other side of the mesa .
edit met with the anesthesiologist today for pre checks .
it was a woman who unfortunately is n't my anesthesiologist on the day of surgery but she was the bomb .
she 's cf too ! called me a badass for taking control of my reproduction instead of waiting for an accident like so many do and generally felt more like a friend than a random doctor .
i have n't posted in here in forever ... mostly been lurking but thought i 'd come say hi now that it 's real that my bilateral salpingectomy is coming up nov 22 !
i finally got the courage to ask my gp for a sterilization referral at my last pap this summer .
she was fantastic amp basically said duh why would n't i ? .
i was so happy i cried happy tears through the whole exam .
once i met with the gyno i really thought my chances were slim as he 's an egyptian make gynecologist .
i guess that 's prejudice of me but i 'm just so used to us being the victims of prejudice .
and i just never thought of egyptian men as fighters for women 's rights to choose .
he did give me a bit of resistance tried to get me to opt for long term birth control and fed me the usual bingos .
do you tell the women that who come to you to try for pregnancy ?
do you insult their intelligence by asking if they know it 's permanent ?
i told him i wanted a salpingectomy not a tubal .
he said that was a smart choice because of the lowered risk of ovarian cancer .
i said i know because unlike many mothers i 've researched allllll about it prior to making a commitment that affects me the rest of my life .
told him all about our community and how so many right for our own reproductive rights and how so many of his community try to deny us and belittle us .
we had a good talk about the cf community and what we face .
i really think he learned something from me so i want to thank you all for all the knowledge i 've been able to hopefully impart on him .
he asked that i not spread his name on the internet as a doctor willing to sterilize .
if anyone wants his name feel free to pm me .
though i do n't get the feeling he 'll be one to sterilize just anybody and he may feed others a lot stronger bingos .
my age probably did n't hurt my chances nor did the fact that i have chronic migraines so i want to be permanently off all hormones but i only pulled that one out when i got tired of his bingos .
well i always loved kennen but this time i love him more because im not going the standard ap kenenn build imgoing full magic pen build .
i start dorans ring idc about dorans blade and extra this feel good for me to have some ap in lane but yeah i get dorans ring magic pen boots liandrys voidstaff deathcap ludens .
how can i get the honkai impact 3rd english version ?
i 'm playing the chinese version with japanese voice pack .
if you know when the english version come to the america appstore pls tell me d
when i first do the build i get the best flavor..but then i start getting dry hits with longer puffs
i wicked it with many techniques..i usually put my cotton in a way that it have small resistant inside the coil and i fluff the ends of the wicks..i make my wick 's tails short to the point that it 's barley hanging down from the wick holes..no matter what i do i get dry hits/burned flavor..i do 0.35 ohm spaced coils and vape around 40 watts..what am i doing wrong ?
update 1 i contacted the store i got the tank from and returned it and got a new one..it seems that i 've got a faulty one that causes a vacuum lock the first time.the new one is working perfectly..i 'll update you if the problem returns
are you parched for mining opportunities and the chance to create liquid isk ?
evian industries https evewho.com/corp/evian+industries are looking for capsuleers of all experience levels .
we are an industrial corporation operating mainly in nullsec but with a presence in hisec too .
our members range from longtime players to fresh newbeans .
we have a mature and friendly community active in all timezones and we understand that rl comes first .
we can offer comms discord https discord.gg/ya6ny8s ship replacement programs on alliance ops pve and small pvp fleets a blueprint library a mining buyback program and a friendly mature community with a relaxed atmosphere .
we do n't require much if you can fly a mining ship for our ns operations a barge and interceptor is preferred you 're good !
we want people who want to work alone and together to forge something bigger .
if you want to be part of this send in an application or contact us in game using the evian ind recruitment channel .
they just keep using the horseshoe and visiting graves even after i splashed out on a flat screen tv and a lovely chess set .
if yes how much of the total microbiota and what techniques would be used ?
especially now since the nintendo switch can i do n't see why it ca n't .
i 'll probably still get it but man do letterboxes suck .
im looking for the episode where bud mentions a baby getting the electric chair for exposing '' himself to the nurse when he was being born .
that was in response to al asking something like since when is it a crime to be born a man ? ''
joni was on news this morning saying we need to close the loopholes '' .
i called her office locally and told them that we voted her in because she was better then the d alternative .
remind her not to buy into liberal hysteria and that nearly every shooter is a leftist .
how old were you when you first truely realized you were in the wrong body ?
i know hard to believe but i was caught wearing my sisters clothes alot and i always remember asking when i would become a girl .
every year for christmas i hoped i would become a girl .
when my mother found a small bit of something all she did was scream and yell at me .
she said if i ever did anything like that she would kill me .
i had supportive friends but they bailed on me .
whether you be male or female sensual or violent vanilla or kinky the only requirement is that you be dominant and looking for a submissive ginger guy .
i 'd be particularly interested in redhead ladies tall black men and cute trans but i 'm open to any and all seeking a sub this morning !
and just for good measure i 'll toss in an old prompt of mine to highlight some of my kinks
it was that time of year again all the greek houses were recruiting .
i had n't thought about it much but it would be good to join .
meet people attend some parties live life to the fullest .
so when i noticed a booth offering to match you to a group based on your personality i figured that was the easiest way to go .
a short questionnaire later and the guy and girl running the booth are grinning at me .
we 've got a special role for you ... ''
so there 's a brief beginning to what results in me being a slave to the greek at my college .
am i at a specific frat/sorority or am i shared around ?
and happy to be used by males females futas trans any gender and species you are or feel like playing !
would love to be a bottom for some hung straight guys or the pussy-licking clean up boy for a femdom sorority .
kinks include femdom male dom being a service submissive cum play cuckolding bdsm interracial breeding breath play humiliation public and some more extreme ones if you might be interested .
i sent about 1200 .18094137 us worth of bitcoin to bittrex last night around 7pm .
i really wanted to take advantage of some alts .
well it 's 8:14 am on the east coast of the us and i still do n't have even a single confirmation .
then i sent another transaction to my bitpay wallet to use as cash on their debit card .
and now that one looks like it 's not confirming c3ca59cc4c7cab751fd55a2edb9db23e4437cae413bdca4787166466c8c5c070
i 'm missing out on some massive price gains .
but they were getting too many requests and the request to accelerate was denied .
is there anything i can do about this situation ?
or am i just at the mercy of the bitcoin network and have to wait it out ?
i apologize if this has been asked but i have n't been able to find a straight answer .
i usually only work from my house but i 'm going to the hospital later today to stay the night with my mom and was wondering if i could use the hospitals wifi to work .
nice it 's for 11.11 xiaomi pro 300m wifi amplifier http couponsfromchina.com/2017/08/09/xiaomi-pro-300m-wifi-amplifier-coupon-price-gearbest really good price !
so i have been video editing for about 4 years now and it is something i am very passionate about .
i 'm not looking for much i 'm only looking to make about 100-200 dollars a week maybe more when i get more experience .
duplicate classes because you want the heritage armor or race changing when battle for azeroth comes out ?
i have one of each class both factions not sure what i '' m going to do .
this is the best tl dr i could make original http www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-41950775 reduced by 29 .
a man 039 s police interrogation in kansas city missouri was ended prematurely after he began answering questions by farting according to local reports .
sean sykes jnr is facing federal gun and drug charges after being pulled over twice by police in kansas city .
he was initially released in september but taken back into custody this month .
explosive new details have now emerged of mr sykes 039 s original interview in september that was brought to an abrupt end .
according to the kansas city star newspaper a detective 039 s report said mr sykes quot leaned to one side of his chair and released a loud fart quot when asked for his address by police while being interviewed in september .
quot mr sykes continued to be flatulent and i ended the interview quot the detective wrote after recovering .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-41950775 faq http autotldr.io 241210 summaries so far . ''
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords sykes 1 police 2 september 3 report 4 end 5
post found in r/offbeat http np.reddit.com/r/offbeat/comments/7c7of5/suspects_farts_makes_police_stop_interview_in r/newsoftheweird http np.reddit.com/r/newsoftheweird/comments/7c7dbe/suspects_farts_end_police_interview r/funny http np.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/7c5wjk/suspects_farts_makes_police_stop_interview_in r/policeuk http np.reddit.com/r/policeuk/comments/7c81hx/us_suspects_farts_end_police_interview_bbc r/nottheonion http np.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/comments/7c64rh/suspects_farts_makes_police_stop_interview_in r/mildlyinteresting http np.reddit.com/r/mildlyinteresting/comments/7c75kf/bbc_news_suspects_farts_makes_police_stop r/nottheonion http np.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/comments/7c553x/suspects_farts_makes_police_stop_interview_in r/autonewspaper http np.reddit.com/r/autonewspaper/comments/7c4qae/us_suspects_farts_makes_police_stop_interview_in r/thecolorisred http np.reddit.com/r/thecolorisred/comments/7c4m5d/suspects_farts_makes_police_stop_interview_in r/shareyourblogpost http np.reddit.com/r/shareyourblogpost/comments/7c4lhn/suspects_farts_makes_police_stop_interview_in and r/bbcauto http np.reddit.com/r/bbcauto/comments/7c4laq/us_suspects_farts_makes_police_stop_interview_in .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic .
please do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
add https steamcommunity.com/id/perziii me or send me an offer https steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new ? partner=194702517 token=zgik2vrv !
lol then maybe i can start using my theo for pvp p
i 've been there man just know it does n't reflect only on you .
and that what it does reflect on you and your ability to love and be loved in return is something you can change and grow from .
edit 100 sure just saw the offline screen on their twitch page .
i mean he could probably wear both one of the few characters i know of that could and he would almost certainly be one of their most powerful ever but the infinite gauntlet is absurdly powerful .
actually if i read on the cable it 's 5e .
by the way if i select another server the download speed is a little bit less like 680 instead of 900 .
and if i go on fast.com it says 220 mbps
i 'm 5ft tall and weigh 105lbs now but there was a time when i was 40 lbs heavier .
i had a baby and for whatever reason it made me drop a lot of my weight .
between losing 40 lbs and having a baby i have stretch marks and there has never been one man that has ever mentioned them .
hell i do n't think they 've ever noticed them .
i 've dated a lotta guys and in my experience by the time your clothes are off they 're not thinking about a stretch mark on your hip .
if by community you mean religion i can probably understand where you 're coming from .
but if it 's caste how does it matter ?
i mean what difference does a brahmin from delhi have with a kshatriya from delhi ?
you have given mag codestone to user 'allen_x ' .
we banned a lot of guns in the uk .
how many does he have and do they all not work ?
just curious as he 's probably made enough to live a simple life like 5 times over .
it was part of a show called kablam i think along with a couple other shows .
people being wrong about something and passionate at the same time .
even if what they are passionate about is something i support if they have some of the facts wrong it just throws their whole argument out the window .
this leaves me playing devils advocate more often than i 'd like to get points across .
especially about stuff i care about because being correct and passionate about something is unbeatable while having details wrong allows people to discredit or reject your arguments so when its something i care about it just pisses me off .
i understand why he 's bitching and moaning about it .
maybe because it 's written by the guys who wrote horrible bosses .
those two winners he scored in the dying minutes ?
look the guy made a stupid gesture but i unfortunately missed this match over a long time..
so i do n't exactly know what the fuzz is all about .
pilot you can not call in your titan as your insurance has become invalid !
please check out the titan insurance plans so you can keep up the fight !
i 'm getting a bit of a don hertzfeldt vibe are you familiar with his work ?
no it should n't make a difference at all .
find out through the driver of the car you were in this should have been included on the claim and find out what insurer they are going through .
call them and ask how they are handling medical costs and what you need to sublet to them .
there are several ways claims can be paid out and would take a while to type out any scenario .
the best starting point is to find out who the driver is settling the claim through and follow their footsteps .
.i ca n't urge enough how important it is to seek attention soon .
i realize it was n't practical at that moment but some i juries you can be making worse by ignoring .
put your health care concerns first and foremost please .
it likely wo n't be much of a hassle but the sooner you get the ball rolling the easier is it to get everything covered .
i 'm not very concerned about my lungs i 'm already a pack-a-day smoker lol
because the attraction is a problem for them but not the problem for society .
the problem is how they act based on it .
like you said getting help which can normalize them and put them into positions where it 's easier for then to not act in appropriately .
getting said help is an individual process and thus treats the individual with their behavior which prevents the problem .
it 's not looking for a magical anti-pedo potion or switching off the pedo gene it 's one to one help with dealing issues of mental health problems that can come with that situation .
generally not too bad but this past week i 've felt like i 'm running out of energy time and money .
other than that though i 'm doing pretty damn good .
ok but of all the hundreds of abuse assault rape and other horrible stories we have heard how many of them have n't turned out to be true ?
everyone keeps saying what if what if but seriously there is no clear indication that any of these stories are n't true .
more of this and less infighting the key to success
if it 's rape in one place but not another it 's not really rape .
people have a big problem with calling any unwanted sexual behavior rape and pedophilia .
i understand that the statutes say it 's statutory rape but they 're simply misusing the word .
everyone would have lost to jordan on dirty 30 .
i am by far no expert on this topic but in addition to what u/malor said you should be aware that those tools are very experimental .
check out this 38 min talk i already posted in another comment .
talk by google 's ronald minnic replace your exploit-ridden firmware with linux https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ifftj1vpcso slides here https schd.ws/hosted_files/osseu17/84/replace 20uefi 20with 20linux.pdf .
we were sitting on my couch and he had just asked me out then he kissed me .
21 now and i am still with the same guy
i could hardly believe it since its so much faster than my i5-4210u lenovo
well i mean it 's just to clean it up right but i 'm guessing because there 's already scrunching up it might be the cuffs being too small or the ankle circumference too large and depending on the fit on arrival i may not want to change that .
i was looking at another users review where they purchased from fory and they literally looked 1 1 haha
imaginary romance that is n't actually canon is the typical usage .
is it really so unreasonable for a store to ensure you 're not stealing their shit ?
it 's not like they 're invading his privacy .
they 're checking his receipt for the same reason movie theaters check tickets .
also i 'm sure walmart gets an insane amount of shit stolen from them .
although i think the hardest part is integrating it into your day-to-day life i guess that 's something we 'll all be working on 'til the end .
awh well damn ai n't that some shit i wanted to reach 50 dmg reduction 😂
if the refugees stay in png i think the locals will chop them up into little pieces with knives and axes .
if cost is preventative chances are pretty good that this counts as a strike against the bots .
while dolls may be relatively cheap the fact of the matter is that an ai robot would cost a fortune to purchase and maintain .
there is again a difference between sex and relationships .
someone absolutely may want to diddle a robot or a doll once or twice but that does not make them a replacement for the opposite sex as you have suggested here .
i 've been dipping cakui on kaya or condensed milk for ages now
primarily cats and dogs i try to get my bluey in on it but he 's a little anti social
you 'll make progress just by doing anything in this game really .
even if you just run off aimlessly in any direction chances are you 'll come across some enemy camps with decent weapons or find a few shrines along the way so there 's no need to feel lost just sit back and enjoy the process of moving through the world !
the memories are meant to be found slowly over the course of the game by the way there 's no need to rush them right away .
just take a look at the photos and see if any of the locations look familiar or try to line up the backgrounds with where you are in the world .
if you happen to see familiar places in your travels great .
there 's the painter guy in kakariko village who will help you out too if you 've done his first quest .
i 've seen this concept of using assire to play witchers twice used in the past and it does work very well .
as for a name try school of the viper '' because that 's the witcher school that started working for nilfgaard and even though not all the witchers in the deck are vipers i still think that fits .
because that 's a pretty good two card combo and it would include another witcher .
kurobe laughed uproariously clapping his hands appreciatively if you say you 'll give me the beating of my life i 'm inclined to believe you mr. giichi '' he said agreeably still you are a bold man .
not everyone would come face to face with a ghoul without a quinque in hand and stand their ground .
bridging his fingertips he looked over at hansuke appearing a little unnerved .
whoa you go from silly to serious pretty quickly do n't you ? ''
he asked nervously sorry i 'll try to be a bit more professional at least . ''
allowing his guise to slip slightly his expression became more solemn .
rift has considerable resources in terms of trained personnel but because of the previous failures of our branch we lack connections in convenient places .
we are well aware of the various 'legitimate ' business fronts and contacts known to the yakuza .
my superiors wish to have a mutually beneficial partnership our strengths to complement yours and vice versa .
in the past rift provided security or infiltration for yakuza operations in exchange for the use of yakuza assets for disguising illegal activity or funding projects .
the scope is relatively unlimited but our relationship has always been mutual and amicable . ''
relaxing a little kurobe twirled some of his hair around his finger .
that would be something for our superiors to discuss however .
my purpose and yours as well i imagine is to establish the basis for our respective supervisors to meet at a later date . ''
it would help if you said where this photo was taken .
could be early as 5 i cant remember haha .
now my hair is such a dark brown people think i dye it black .
i 've been at it two years and it is totally worth getting rinsed atm 'd ghosted etc .
but i have not been std 'd i admit .
we do have an agreement that we will inform the other if we have unprotected sex with anyone else so we can decide how to handle it .
it 's all about tons and tons of patience which is so difficult .
when the wards hit pbe people complained about that rioter talked about nice feedback '' but they did nothing maybe for a next season
i could n't find the post on rivenmains about 3 mana pots start being the highest winrate for a patch but i think you probably get the idea .
we 've had a few of those guys kg comes to mind
well my brother more or less has the same system but he has a 7600k .
he does n't have the lower fps like i do .
well one argument is that the engine could be kept in its optimum power band where it gets the most power or where it is most efficient .
of course it just adds a lot of complexity and probably would have been hard to do perfectly with old technology .
got ta say my night was more magical then there 's but just as meaningful .
they removed it from the birthday offerings as of like 2 days ago
im a little drunk but even i know thats fucked .
you got ta talk about it with eachother first and coordinate it .
hell my ex and i planned it and it was great but it took some time to warm up and get things going kinda like an old diesel engine or something .
there is a part in the books where harry fires the killing curse on a deatheater after she killed sirius and she gets knocked down but survives .
here 's the link to the joe rogan experience podcast .
he starts immediately talking about tna dixie carter and the lawsuit .
most of the wrestling talk is in the beginning .
hand to hand combat shuriken kenjutsu ninjutsu genjutsu senjutsu for top class shinobi only body flicker substitution and stealth
at least you get to put things in your resume '' which makes you feel like you have some input on where they send you .
the song is called a thousand miles '' and its made by vanessa carlton here is the link to the music video https youtu.be/cwkej79u3ek
having tested for mercedes earlier this year the gp3 champion says he 's ready to make the step up should an opportunity arise .
'' one reason i really wanted to do this testing at the end of the year with force india is that as we 've seen in f1 anything can happen and i want to be prepared – let 's say in january if something happens i can say i 'm the guy to jump in and i 'm the guy ready to make the step .
i 'm convinced they 're not in the main deck because they 're borderless and do n't have a mana cost .
they 're probably in a shared deck like planechase cards .
otherwise simply owning more contraption cards could net you an advantage .
alternatively you can reveal them and set them aside when they 're in your hand .
but that seems a bit too tough without a lot of draw .
we might have separate decks for the different factions so goblins can only assemble goblin contraptions mad scientists can only assemble mad scientist contraptions and squirrels can do squirrel things .
i pr 'd my back squat at 31 weeks while paying careful attention to my form .
i 'm really proud of myself overall but need to focus on eating better and slowing down this weight gain .
not always the case with player position some are already changed ... .. look at what hand they shoot with .
hi unfortunately we do n't have the license to sell disney games in the us .
my husband and i were long distance for a year when we were dating .
like transatlantic and now we 're married so i definitely believe it 's doable but it ca n't go on forever .
you have to be willing to do whatever you have to do in order to be together .
to be honest i think if it 's meant to be then it 's meant to be .
because they keep coming back with things like 'your boy moore '' which is compounding their error .
the degree is in marketing so a large proportion of jobs would be an office setting so it does seem like a massive possibility to look into
that 's ok. you do n't have to be sorry .
there has to be some clan that will help ya .
but we are talking about south korean low level developers
technically its just 1 hour the one being payed to queue would be working regardless if we 're assuming anyone outside the queue is working otherwise its still only one hour created because the original queuer could also noy be working
make sure you do n't keep your fingers on the lockbar when opening the knife .
other than that lube the detent ball and break the knife in open and close it lots of times .
do n't put a big ass flag/cross rifles on it i would buy a few grunt style shirts if they dropped the flag and cross rifles
oh that 's interesting what would be the effect of two black holes going crazy ?
the worst ones are on the right-winger rant videos or at least that 's what i 've concluded from my own personal observations .
people in my country see him as centrist and a lot hate him because he is nontraditional .
he 's hated because he was n't part of the political establishment .
in the us a small group of political elite are used to being in power with the media supporting whoever has the most money .
trump broke that trend by winning despite having less funding and a hostile media which threatens these organisations control over the population .
i was hoping there 's a less manual way to do it .
i have two tablets they just never happen to be within arms reach because they do n't fit in my pocket .
my current iphone 7 is in a mophie case and according to mophie the case 6.7 tall and 3.31 wide which is both taller and wider than a note8 and it easily fits in my pockets with room for my airpods and wallet .
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech and other incivility violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
x5650 and up is the same performance as the extreme edition cpu 's for super cheap and it runs at lower wattage .
maybe not 100m but if the person is more than a few steps away i feel like i have to be that polite or the upswing from me pushing the door open will get them in the face .
i had this with the heaviest entrance curtain known to man on thursday .
if i had n't held it up it would have knocked at least three people out behind me .
because here in the netherlands you ca n't really withdraw tons of money in a day with a debit card
i turned my shadows off and my game felt like heaven while streaming
they no longer have any other pricing to compete with .
you think any corporate entity is going to just ... feel benevolent and drop their profits for the sake of their consumers ?
i know this sub is in love with him but i dont see him being a superstar in the nba like the others .
if a had to pick though i 'd pick bagley .
and they tend to be owners of businesses thus making them indirectly use a larger proportion of public services .
if you 're looking to watch home grown british talent then the overwatch world cup is going to be much better suited for you .
personally though i 'd much rather support a stacked roster with some of the best global talent and watch some incredible matches with a team i can really get behind than support a mediocre team just because they 're british .
at least this way we have a shot of actually winning the league .
my new '' robot arm i got for free is n't comparable with windows 10 .
damn so how do you go back to client conversation and not get into trouble
you can actually block charge attacks too if you start blocking after you locked on .
feels a bit glitchy though and sometimes they will get a hit in anyway
i wonder how chip would have done if wilson had been drafted by the eagles ?
not quite as good '' does not equate to colossal fuckup . ''
your about 18 months too late this was already a problem and was addressed .
it 's not a major issue my level 7 freeze is good enough at 5.2k and i can get 12 win challenges with it it 's balanced enough
my discord is amazing and nontoxic just set up s dank meme channel for all the memes and you 're good to go .
if voice channels are a problem set up a few with a limit to the amount of users in each .
that and also this one dude bought my car fu*ked it up pretty bad by his own reckless driving like a week later then asked for his money back whined about it forever since it did n't work anymore . ''
i 'm only here since ob56 and immediately after buying the founder 's pack i had enough essence to get any lc i 've ever wanted since .
i have no problem with that as for me the founder 's pack is essentially the base price of the game .
you can play for free but the grind is long .
or you can spend more and get additional cosmetic content .
did the price for the chests drop to accommodate this ?
so far i 've been playing for almost 3 months and i 've seen it occur twice .
both times it gave a uw ticket at 15 pulls .
i kind of changed my name when i was about 5/6 .
it was only a small change bit like ... nathalie to natalia but i was convinced that i needed the additional 'a ' and continued to correct everyone until they got it .
my parents even ended up singing me up under than name for school etc .
so no i 'm not going to tell you that you 're too young silly .
but i do think that you should do it because you want it .
not because others dislike your name made a shitty comment etc .
if i were you i 'd sit my parents down thank them sincerely for giving you a name etc and then explain your reasoning .
if they say yes you 're good to go and can save yourself the hassle with your degree etc if not you 'll wait until you 're 18 ...
also i 'd ask for your parents opinion on the names you like .
maybe one of the names has a very strong connection to something negative for them for example .
or you could tell them to give some middle name suggestions .
if you do it when you 're over 18 you obviously do n't have to involve your parents .
but there are advantages to changing your name right now .
and who knows maybe being involved would make the change easier for your parents ?
but that does obviously depend on the relationship you have with them .
if you do n't have a good relationship with your mother for example then i 'd recommend talking about it with your dad and not both your parents .
edit i 'm assuming and i might be wrong of course !
that your parents put quite a lot of thought into your name .
if they did it 's imo important to make it obvious that you are thankful for that but would still like to change your name .
btw what about using mackenzie as a middle name ?
there are various first names that were most likely derived from that one btw .
like kendra kenna and kenina ... maybe you could use one of those as a middle name ?
he was being facetious why does everyone on this site have to be captain fucking literal .
i need to start saving up again gold upgrades have ruined my club haha
yeah it does that but its not 30 seconds .
that 's absolutely the coolest ring i 've ever seen .
maybe kd 's old c8 pill http www.kaidomain.com/p/s024576.diy-26mm-d-x-13_5mm-h-copper-driver-pillar-set-for-c8-led-flashlights might work ?
like half of their c8 drop-ins are still the old style .
the c8.2 uses a revised pill with threads that run the entire length .
if you are comfortable with soldering then it is easy to do an led swap .
driver swap is a little more work but also doable .
i mean yeah obviously it could be better but it 's what all of us assholes would make the first time we tried doing a gifrecipe if we actually made content .
just a bunch of stills at the same time interval like if you ran it through a janky software program .
my understanding of the comment was that your portfolio consisted of just shares of google .
obviously just play with money you are ok losing but that goes without saying .
ignore the perk that lets you detonate all at once just spray full auto grenades directly onto the enemy itself the grenades explode on impact if they hit a enemy
wealthy families would have to pay an additional income adjusted tax on the second child .
poor areas could usually claim an exemption from the law .
i live in atl so this is very helpful when i do stuff set here .
b except when a traffic control device is in place prohibiting a turn on red or a steady red arrow signal indication is displayed vehicular traffic facing a steady circular red signal indication is permitted after stopping to enter the intersection to turn right or to turn left from a one-way street into a one-way street .
the right to proceed with the turn shall be subject to the provisions that are applicable after making a stop at a stop sign .
it seemed like he had more stable parents that took care of his money and he liked fucked off and went to college because he got tired of acting .
i think the last time i remember seeing him on tv was when veronica mars was new .
we could have held them to a 3 point quarter if it wasnt for tj and jj .
same that 's my one standard i think i deserve atleast that since i take care of myself .
where we are your ass is grass no questions asked
funny you say that my last loss was in a strong board and half hand vs topdecker who gets informant into informant into rexxar .
needless to say he grinded me out with big taunts lifesteals and kodos .
i used to deal with an international bank but they went heavy into risky loans before the last bubble and afterward they got really overbearing with commercial loans .
we had one loan with them that they required us to essentially refinance every year so we were paying for appraisals and loan fees .
we also did business with a local bank started by my grandmothers cousin which was great until they got bought out by bb t .
the only consolation is that my families original 2500 investment in that bank is worth a nice chunk of change in bb t stock .
we 've switched to a regional bank that is very interested in loaning in urban areas and they are working very well for now .
but i have n't been offered a fixed rate since 2003 .
i 've heard that they wo n't go fixed rate if you have more than four investment mortgages but i do n't know that for a fact .
the plot of house of cards with the characters of veep !
i guess you have more data than me so i 'll believe you .
low trust is when people feel the need to steal from their neighbors to pay for things like police not a voluntary society .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/personalfinance if you have any questions or concerns .
even better if you have peep valves on your bag .
why is everyone bitching so much when the game has n't even started yet
yeah the last time she said something awful was a few months ago and was when i was trying to get her to give something back to the baby and she got upset and yelled well thats why your dad 's dead and you cant even talk to him ! ''
when i spoke to mb db db said he would talk to her because that is wrong but mb kept saying that shes just pushing me to see how much i love her ... .
i worked for sanborn map company for 3.5years one of the contractors for google earth who would beg to differ ...
i hand edited and viewed parts of new york virginia maryland arizona and colorado .
i physically scanned every single image we acquired for virginia 1 foot and 6 in resolution big 250 count 9 inch wide rolls of film ... all captured by plane ... film and digital ...
want to tell me my business and career again ?
they love spice in jail here in the uk .
i feel much more confident and ready for college than i did back then .
delly you got ta wait for the screen before you move son .
we all go through periods where we feel lost .
although most people look down on what i do it does .
i have a great laid back manager and coworkers .
great hours/work/life balance/schedule it 's low stress i 'll have benefits in a few months and for me it 's a decent salary .
my passion is helping others giving advice when i can art and creativity .
i 'd rather do that in my free time and work towards making more money .
going around the broker who already did their job is a pretty shitty thing to do and you really should think twice about renting from someone who does n't have a problem with doing shitty things to people .
if you want a no fee apartment search for one .
i think it goes to character and a complete disregard for the law ethics and frankly decency .
to say things like that have been involved in 4,000 lawsuits numerous proven accounts of him shafting small businesses and investors and have 15 officially reported sexual assault claims makes me believe it 's not at all a leap to think he would have done whatever it took to win even it it meant colluding or breaking the law .
he thought he could get away with it and has a well established track record of thinking rules just do n't apply to him .
throw in proof of large russian debt an unwillingness to reveal his tax returns not to mention several of his appointees and workers are now charged with everything from fraud to money laundering to lying under oath and that 's just too much smoke to think there 's not a fire and everything i 've just mentioned is proven or documented i 'm not talking about accusations or rumors of which there are mountains more .
stay on pretty well and the glue is easy to remove .
one of my kiddos put it there i guess i did n't even notice it until you pointed it out .
ugh another dry shampoo that i will never use .
i 've had my batiste one for almost 2 years now and i actually love that one .
i currently have like 2 living proof deluxe samples one from briogeo i think and now this one .
the philosophy mask should be cool and i did like the one farmacy mask i got a while back so maybe i 'll like the lotion .
i think each survivor should start each trial on a hook .
and the escape percentage should be less than 1 .
dunno if you 'd be interested in swapping for anything here https www.reddit.com/r/makeupexchange/comments/7bx9k4/uscan_the_21_sale_free_shipping_over_21_usd_marc ? st=j9us64ng sh=2e9ad8f8https www.reddit.com/r/makeupexchange/comments/7bx9k4/uscan_the_21_sale_free_shipping_over_21_usd_marc ? st=j9us64ng sh=2e9ad8f8 but if you 're not i would be able to pay tomorrow morning if that 's alright
it took me many many years to recognize that this is a better album than angel dust but it 's true ... and that is saying a fuck of a lot ! .
two of the greatest albums ever that 's for damn sure .
luckily i am not from indy because otherwise i 'd probably be ded rn .
not that the bears or bulls have been any better .
i recently listened to champagne supernova and all i can hear is mero 's version
i 'm sorry you have that handicap but if your handicap means you are dizzy or basically drunk when driving you should not be driving .
i hated the fake george the fake christina and the fake izzie .
and any character could really come back even the dead ones .
grey 's has some amazing episodes unfortunately the 300th is n't one of those .
i saw a few youtube videos reviewing the braun series 9. it seemed pretty good .
i 'm considering the misc razor if it comes on sale .
i 'd like to have another racer under my belt .
other than that i do n't think i 'll be buying too much .
my fleet is already at a total of 26 .
if you 're going through the effort of an actual type for your enum why do n't you just return a struct in the first place ?
i would prefer to be locked in a sealed garage over night with 10 chain smokers than a single running car .
i vape but i walk away from the group to do it but then again vape and smoking should n't be lumped into the same group either .
they are 2 different things giving off vastly different byproducts .
just some points i wanted to make ... but before the down votes and arguing please take note that when on topic i did say i walk away from a group .
maybe if enough people report we can get the king to see himself !
do i need to go drum up support at the humanities dept at liberal universities ?
you should go drum up support at the humanities department at every university because they 'll likely have your back .
last year i went down not wearing the right gear ... . never again !
i am in the midst of reading his biography from 2004 .
i am not even halfway through and even before the plane crash that changed his career i said to myself he 's reckless as hell !
how did he survive the 70s and 80s alone ? ! ? ''
i just wanted to point out that many books have kept me thinking long after i finished them and i would have given them the title of best sci fi '' for days after i read them .
try dragons egg '' by robert forward or the quintaglio trilogy by robert sawyer .
while not the 'best ' they are great stories you might enjoy .
keep in mind palms place is not a party hotel .
they do monitor the hallway cameras for underage drinking/parties and have a history of kicking people out .
maybe bring back a zombie or two a scrap of angelhair some demonbone or a work of art from a lich 's collection and if you 're lucky a pre-catastrophe statue or artifact .
a hunk of martian rock possibly some smaller lifehac drones to do the cleaning a fifth internationale propaganda poster or video some nuevo amazon woodwork and maybe a piece of genuine elephant ivory if you 've got the cash .
i 'm talking about toy models of daredevil dragster fleetwheel cruiser irontread crusher ovalchase dragster ballista charger just to fool around with .
i 'd love to use them to mark as the vehicle being crewed .
and then also just to fool around with lol .
even if your stupid ass fictional character made it in the game people would still be incredibly salty about them being in there .
i 'm sad circe never made it but i 'm not sending death threats to people over it .
25-26 mpg on the highway going a steady 65 mph on cruise .
20-21 mpg city but going very light on the throttle and not as much stop and go traffic as others might experience .
a lot of the answers from f3s ending are directly answered by the bos crew in f4 .
they established the transition from do gooders to original bos by the commander maxson the direct descendent of the founder who basically tells you directly how he came to power and reformed the vision of the east coast bos .
so if i request a mercy to switch to lucio so i can reach my turret spots faster and they refuse i can just report them for ruining my match ?
90 sure yeap ... and if they crack it early it wo n't work properly .
no previously they replaced it for free if there was anything wrong .
the lifetime replacement was one of the reasons it was worth 80 .
it 's their way of guaranteeing that it 's good quality they do n't actually expect people to need to return them .
the fact that so many people are doing so shows the things are junk .
well ... about 99 of hrt related stuff is highly ymmv so i can not say no your mind is just playing with you '' .
the amazing part is we have an entire generation of people who will be able to vote in the next election who legitimately do not have any recollection of time when congress had an approval rating above 50
the last time congress had an approval rating of 50 was 2003 ... there is no chance in hell it gets there in the next 4 years ... meaning during the 2020 election ... any voter who is casting their first vote will have never lived during a period that a simple majority of americans approved of congress .
edit to add aside from 9/11 ... we apparently never approve of congress http news.gallup.com/poll/1600/congress-public.aspx except when we declare war
she is smiling lots and it 's getting easier to coax them out of her .
and we are on a 9-3 4-7 am-ish sleep kick which i will totally take .
i got cleared to exercise this week and today i 'm going back to hot yoga and i 'm nervous/excited .
i 'll probably spend the whole time in child 's pose but oh well .
i also worked from home some this week to bank some extra leave time and the combo of exercise and a tiny bit of work has me feeling like myself again .
in life news we 've ramped up our house search currently there are 4 of us in a tiny apartment in an awesome but super expensive city neighborhood and we actually found a perfect place but lost to one other offer for 50k over asking 😭 .
we bid substantially over asking too but could n't compete with that .
husband and i are having a relatively quiet weekend as my in laws took my preschooler and her cousin also a new big sister for a fun celebration of being a big sister weekend .
since l is pretty portable during the day we are going to check out a new restaurant today and a brewery with friends tomorrow .
monday-tuesday my husband has a work overnight at a resort on cape cod and i 'm taking the girls and will have to entertain them mostly on my own during the days so it 's nice to have a bit of a break this weekend even though i miss older kiddo .
anyone take two kids to a pool on your own ?
there is an indoor wading pool so i 'm thinking g can play there while i sit on the side with lucy .
if lucy sleeps in the carrier maybe i can get in the big pool w g ... we 'll see !
they was no update so i called them and they shipped it without any update on tracking .
missions are coded differently you need to start a game while they 're active or it wo n't count .
but i hear americans do n't really use them ?
one of my friend used to pay extra for caller ring back tone or something .
when someone called her they would hear a song ...
on my birthday i typically get myself a thirty count from chickfila yes it does exist .
but for some reason last year i got myself two thirty counts .
each with a large fry and one large soda .
nah they would say they were photoshopped in body doubles the kids were actually of age or they had a mental illness .
my mother in law does this with our laundry if she decides to help out .
i love the woman but she has zero organization skills .
i 'll find my shirts/pants lumped with my wife 's clothes and both my kids ' clothes so mixed together that i have to separate and re-fold a lot of them .
why would you assume anything based on a corrupt legal system ?
instead of fixing keepers they just made the ai block way more shots .
i just made a few observations over the years and listed down my observations .
i doubt the average whitey would know the difference in the genetic composition between brahmins and lower castes .
go to pol or r/debatealtright or some other alt right forums whites claims every greatest achievement of hindu civilization as aryan achievements '' and stitch up stories about how noble aryans '' are outbred by those inferior races .
when asked how india has space program nuclear program etc they chalk it up to a few higher caste hindus who have a little aryan '' left in them .
it does n't matter if the points coincide with those of white supremacists the fact is that some or most of them ring true .
'' western sjws have some bizarre ideas about cultural relativism and how everything is somehow the fault of colonial oppression . ''
'' western sjws who see racism and condescending white people bias everywhere . ''
'' i 'm frankly quite sick and tired of pc-leftist sjws trying to say we should n't criticize india ''
are eerily similar to an white supremacist 's rhetoric .
if you do n't see it i ca n't do anything about it .
dude in what world do you live in where the dcau is n't one of the first things people think of when thinking of dc ?
maybe there are also spells that create contraptions so they do n't get the steamflogger bonus
question does hating on trump bring you and your wife closer together ?
i mean i was sort of linking it as a joke .
i do n't think it makes a better wallpaper/improves on the art at all .
and i got ta be the guy that tells you its sandstorm by darude
maybe you 're undergeared and ca n't keep aggro against geared dps maybe your co-tank does n't want to shirk ?
maybe the dps do n't want to use their enmity abilities ?
maybe it 's a casual group 's first time ?
the difference between a dps job not fully using their kit and a tank not wanting to or not being capable of doing big dick deeps is that there 's no content in the game other than unending coil that is designed with anything more than the bare minimum of tank dps in mind .
this is a fact and has been mentioned multiple times by yoshi in interviews .
why do n't you use the highest tier of raid food for dungeons and rabanstre ?
stop being lazy and increase your dps it does n't matter if you 're a tank doing anything but the best is inexcusable .
i feel like there 's two types of onces haha
fans who love ding dong and rollin and those who do n't love them as much
i 'm scared to say this but these are my two least favorite songs on the album hides from rollin fans
it 's a pretty good idea not easily pulled off though !
really i desperately hope she and her child got justice !
i was married to an indian man for 10 years as well and was abused—not anywhere near as bad as this poor woman—and my heart aches for her .
check for a sock or underwear in the intake side of pump .
it sounds more like a coin got into the impeller though .
that will cause the impeller blades to be damaged and only pump with a little pressure .
be sure to check the intake hose for any debris .
i was n't trying to make sure that there no other posts like mine .
i only made this as i thought of it not by anyone else 's influence or by trying to repost or whatever .
yeah but the bezel was so big it really was a big phone https www.phonearena.com/phones/size phones/size/apple-iphone-x samsung-galaxy-note-8 dell-streak/phones/10414,10478,5018 .
because you have two threads that claim both numbers 🤔
the crowd outside the capitol building will be twice the size on impeachment day as it was on inauguration day .
please tell us what your life experiences being white and simultaneously non white are .
seems like a problem with getting loans at such a young age .
threatening north korea and risking a nuclear war taking away people 's health insurance and causing the whole world to laugh at the usa .
it 's not like scientology is killing people recently is it ?
are you guys seriously considering waifus when you guys could get some super genius that would solve humanity 's problems ?
who they think they are disrespecting us of motherfucking a like that
people saying this without even questioning that op may be in the wrong
my 6s would shut off when it gets cold outside i 'm talking about 20 degree ny weather so not that cold .
waiting to hear back from the embryologist on the stats of how many mature and fertilized eggs i have .
they retrieved 17 yesterday which was a bit of a shock considering i thought i 'd have at least 20 had 26 follicles .
out of 17 eggs 15 were mature and 12 fertilized with icsi .
i 'm depressed about it but i know many of you lovely ladies have far fewer to work with .
hoping the hunger games are gentle with us and we end up with a few normals after pgs .
absolutely and as much as we hate to admit it our french is anglicized .
i 've never tried painting any reaper bones but i have a few laying around i was thinking about painting .
yeah i know but he had gurley and leveon as well so i 'm wondering which other players he had that had enough value
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
description rune ingenious hunter does n't work on 0 stacks .
expected result item cd should go down by 10 without kills/assits .
observed result item cd only goes down if you collected at least 1 stack by 16 or if you also have cosmic insight 15 .
there are a few few different methods out there and a simple google search will help you find a method that you can try .
me i just wacked the 2x4 with my hammer .
the steel plate that the pan was made from was n't heated when they stamped it .
you could take down a uav with fmj and a sight and it took around 30 bullets from an lmg .
one guy on the team could be a designated uav taker-downer .
plus even during the beta nobody shot them down anyways .
i do n't think i 've ever pulled a white bass out of that lake are hybrids stocked or could they occur naturally among the lake populations ?
this time of year at least in this lake the hybrids and stripers gang up on the shad and on good days just before sunset it seems like the water is boiling as dozens of them hit bait on the surface all at once .
i had been paddling around trying to cast into the bait where i saw a lot of rises for a couple hours without any luck mostly because i 'm still figuring out casting with heavy streamers especially sitting in a canoe .
it 's a bit like watching a monkey trying to hump a football .
i was just about to head home because it was getting dark and the action was dying down and i was sitting right over a tree i could see on the fish finder that was only about 6 ' below the surface .
i stripped it a few times and the hit was so solid it felt like i 'd just hung up on the tree and then he headed for mexico with me skiing along behind him cursing and laughing .
i ca n't believe i kept him on the line they break off in the cover all the time when i 'm using live bait for them .
i 'd never have gotten him in the boat if my friend had n't been in a kayak beside me chasing him around with the net .
must have been a hell of a sight for anybody watching from the bank i swear i heard wacky sax in the background .
funny how half the people at kith soho are leaving with multiple pairs
which would improve the game as the endless wc spam and grinders would go away .
inheritance tax is the only thing keeping them alive anyway
manslaughter does n't equal killing someone and not knowing it 's wrong .
again just because u did n't know it was sexual harassment does n't mean it 's not sexual harassment .
and you are only saying he 's not as bad as the others because u like him more .
kevin spacey situation is almost the exact same as louis .
kevin spacey did it 19 years ago and he 's older than louis .
if your argument is that he did n't mean to harass them then i do n't know what to say .
he knew it was wrong because has talked about it before in his comedy and his apology .
i 'm disgusted that your liking of him is tainted by the fact he harassed 2 people .
it 's one thing to separate the art from the artist but is another thing to defend the artist when they are clearly a scumbag
mid months have a normal 3 chance but they are new characters .
that separates them from the regular 3 filler banners .
i will take 1080 over ps4 and convince my friend to join the masterrace .
before each post considered promotion '' you will have to have made at least 10 posts on the r/fortnitebr or r/fortnite subreddits not considered promotion '' since your last content submission to be able to post your new content .
these 10 posts can be comments but not on your own content .
self-promotion is considered content made by yourself or advertised through a third party .
you also may also only make one promotional post per 24 hours .
any giveaway must be approved by the moderation team ahead of time .
https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitebr/wiki/rules if you have any queries about this you can contact us via moderator mail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffortnitebr .
i think the single arm hook with their legs to the side looks better
do n't think i should potentially bankrupt this woman for a mistake
doctors ca n't practice without insurance she will not be bankrupted .
you will need this money to cover lost earnings etc due to the bad diagnosis .
do n't let your parents steamroll you from doing this .
i feel like watchmen being publicized is sorta going against the alan moore 's message however i 'm probably reading doomsday clock so i guess i contradict myself .
also rorshach 's moveset would be pretty bland he does n't have any signature moves or attacks
here is a tip i 'm learning with mercy ... having been stuck solo healing with her this season and last season .
if someone dives and gets killed it 's better to weigh the options of if it is safe to rez .
i 've had to let a lot of people respawn because they were in too deep and diving to rez would 've killed me and if i rezzed ... both of us .
so it 's better to keep the other 4 plus healed and keep the rez for if one of them go down and we keep the fight going .
but guys i really do n't want to solo heal with mercy .
similar situation this girl i like is pressuring me into smoking hookah with her in the stairwell but i 've never smoked anything before and i 'm not sure if i should
jesus christ you 're really throwing shit on the wall and hoping it sticks
imagine whining about titties in a f2p game on reddit
that might be what i 'll have to do .
this is the first tinder post i 've laughed at in a long time good job .
if you did n't steal this and she has n't unmatched you keep us posted
we carried them at the store i work at until they decided that there was too much competition for us to carry them .
they literally wanted us to get rid of our sara lee dilusso smaller brand and most of our butterball products just to keep them in our store .
off-topic discussion all top-level comments must be a story or poem .
please remember to be civil https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/wiki/rules wiki_rule_10.3a_be_civil in any feedback .
the hearing area '' you 're talking about is referred to as heschl 's gyrus or the tranverse temporal gyrus and is not significantly activated during typical inner monologue .
activation of this area in the absence of verbal auditory stimuli often indicates a verbal hallucination rather than what we consider normal inner monologue see dierks et al. 1999 http www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/s0896627300807151 .
the parts of the brain that do activate significantly during inner monologue are the main language centers wernicke 's area and to a lesser extent broca 's area and with it the supplementary motor area .
wernicke 's area 's main responsibilities are word finding language comprehension and grammar it puts together and interprets our internal monologue in a way that makes linguistic sense .
broca 's area plans the motor movements required for language be it verbal or gestural in a fascinating aside activation of this region during inner monologue for people who use spoken language causes minute movements in the larynx the part of the throat where the vocal folds or vocal chords are located see this article https www.theguardian.com/science/blog/2014/aug/21/science-little-voice-head-hearing-voices-inner-speech from the guardian .
any perception you have about the sound '' of your internal monologue is likely a subjective conclusion and not based on activation of the hearing area '' of your brain unless you 're hallucinating in which case the auditory perception is usually contributed to an outside source .
it 's pretty common if two of the survivors are already sacrificed .
slugging is a tactic which removes the use of the hatch if you have deerstalker or some other means of tracking them such as doctor madness .
sigh hhave none of you been in a situation where you 've been dehooked and the killer is right there but someone decides to heal you ?
are n't we all tired of having to pay for it ?
because the fire extinguisher is n't gon na save your sorry ass if the pumps go up the emergency shut off will .
the first few weeks are always the worst but then your body grows to be used to it and just hate you for it .
i might get into playing it and i 'm curious whether pc or ps4 .
did n't have a pushy sales guy who wanted to up sell us the world showed us things that he thought were good upgrades and gave us lots of information and pricing for things .
site manager now sends us photos and updates on a weekly basis even though we are there every couple of days anyway and answers any questions immediately .
tells us what to expect and what he 's done that week .
construction wise the tradies so far have everything exactly as expected and the workmanship is at a good standard .
we went out the other sunday evening and the brickie was just packing up .
these dudes drink a lot of cans of v and iced coffee and eat a lot of microwave meals haha
as i mentioned in the other post the only issue we had was with our customer service woman .
at the stage where we were finalising selections and additions she messed up all the parts where we wanted things and had them added elsewhere then did n't want to change it even though we had written evidence of what we asked for .
also quoted us 3x more for the alfresco when we asked to have it added then shouted at me when i said i thought that was a little more than what we had been previously quoted by sales and to ask him she knows her job why question her we emailed the sales guy and got it for the right price thankfully ...
so glad when she was punted/left simonds now we have someone really helpful who gives us updates and estimations on each stage as well .
so far so good anyway hopefully it continues this way until handover but i suppose it 's a whole card when these builders all use subbies for each task .
still it does n't fully surprise me and slightly makes sense that they would use them .
i 've never said that man and women are not different just that people obcess too much about it .
number of comments 1571 r/winnipegjets u/tonyhawkproskater 76 r/winnipegjets winnipeg 96
number of unique commenters 173 r/goldenknights u/erindizmo 70 r/goldenknights vegas 7
average comments per user 9.08 r/winnipegjets u/spencie-cat 61 r/winnipegjets subscribe to winnipeg message/compose ? to=hockeygt_bot subject=subscribe message=winnipeg
number of deleted posts 3 r/winnipegjets u/mcstuttteringbbuddha 57 r/goldenknights subscribe to vegas message/compose ? to=hockeygt_bot subject=subscribe message=vegas
not a high chance not a low chance either .
left-over sperm could reside in the skin or urethra .
haha i just picked up an old computer from work with a 2120 in it that i am turning into a plex machine .
as long as the tanks are n't shit and know how to actually use shirk .
mercury fulminate is a little sensitive ... but it 's really not very hard to make and works fine .
so should we do something about this or ... no ?
i think jerry digs this guy the cicgc episode with him was pretty good .
let me clarify i 'm saying that often blowing up at someone even if they deserve it comes back to bite us either we later need something from that person or we look bad to other people who do n't know the whole backstory but just see/hear someone yelling at someone else .
that point was definitely fast and furious 6 aka lets jump cars out of an airplane . ''
ftilt forward tilt which is one of the game 's attacks .
that 's why it 's handy to have an idea which banks pull which bureau .
barclays almost invariably uses transunion ... and often only them .
bofa uses equifax for initial screening and transunion for subsequent increases .
if you 're thinking of applying for 2-3 cards at basically the same time one way to do it is to spread the inquiries around .
hit each bureau once rather than one of them 3x .
some banks will tell you up-front which they use .
if you 're really set only hitting one bureau per app you can freeze all 3 and just unfreeze one at a time .
with decent credit you should n't need to deal with any one lender hammering all 3 bureaus glances sideways at capital one .
the joke was that vegans and people who do crossfit bring it up all the time .
you need to chill and not be offended by everything
what 's stopping me from doing this right now ? ''
i 'll just comment ‘nice try ' on everything to mock people obviously trying to get gold while secretly hoping that i get gold for mocking them .
do n't have any advice to give but i hope this shit works out for you .
tbh none of feh 's art is bad at all .
like ... closest to objectively bad would be zaza and zaza 's art has its own charm in a way it conveys so much character .
from a fellow artist to another it 's a hard journey that never ends but it 's worth it to get as far as possible .
this sounds so cliche but it 's so true .
browse hidari 's art if you get discouraged that 's what i do haha
do you mean work as in clocking in to a job where you answer to a boss or client on a set scheduled '' or are you talking about anything involving effort in a broader sense ?
i 've been on reddit going on 5 years and i was around for r/spacedicks and i 've still never seen anything this creepy and fucked up .
oh thanks this is interesting i will look into this .
i do n't want to listen to it just in case it is legit but could someone else give it a listen and try and debunk it ?
it might be obvious that its fake but just wondering .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/testingsubbie if you have any questions or concerns .
that nathan sees himself travelling down the same path as bill so now he wants to correct course to keep from making the mistakes bill made .
no real impressions except i just need to vent that i really fucking hate the pedo glasses trend .
it 's oompa loompas that had the horrible things happen to them in that death factory of wonders .
and there 's no safety precautions no safety shutoffs nothing .
everything that has happened to those children has happened to them .
it is definitely easier if it 's deeper snow say 3-5 inches .
commenting in case some one knows the name of the 2nd show .
how in the hell is this guy in red ranks ?
people were punishing me in greens ranks for spamming cd3
his back story was pretty good too he was from a poor family back in his hometown .
overall there was almost nothing anyone could do to advance other than hope to have a pretty face and get married out .
except him he would regularly jump the academy fence and act convincingly to blend in as just another noble 's child .
by the time anyone was wise to his actions he had already gone to the top of his class .
not that they cared of course he was thrown out promptly upon discovery .
instead of returning to his old life he set out on the road using the skills and combat he learned to great effect .
by the time he entered the story his parents passed of old age living comfortably from their own work and funds sent by their son .
meanwhile his sister also managing a good life as an aspiring linguist .
the imp is taken down and explodes into more weird candy .
the game says once again that you earned 16 build grist and 10 iodine tier 1 grist .
i 'm playing the na version of fgo and i must ask is it going to be a while until the next emiya pickup gacha if so who else is going to appear with him ?
i need to save my quartz for jack so i 'm waiting it out .
afaik all devices that ship with oreo already have treble enabled .
looking to see if someone can help me break down the logic of the current attack on btc .
run up the price aggressively by buying on low difficulty buy buy buy other folks to fomo in .
schedule a hard fork to adjust the eda system that 's currently being gamed to inflate the price .
lock in low difficulty and run another 2016 blocks before difficulty adjustment ?
hope original chain dies and folks lose faith investing in your 'side ' .
we both 305 have multiple clears add reice1022 or frenchfryedward !
do you guys think it 's worth it to get smite on low level pures or tanks ?
i️ love the prayer just curious the pros and cons .
i just had a customer came in with samsung galaxy j3 emerge sm-j320p and wanted me to bypass the pin that he forgot to retrieve his data .
i told him that i will look into it .
a quick research suggested installing twrp and some zip file that i found that could bypass the pin .
flashing the phone it self is a huge risk that could wipe the phone .
i purchased a 1080ti from frys during the promo and completely forgot to ask about the code during checkout .
i did n't get a code on my recipe either .
frys wo n't work with me saying their nvidia rep for their store is n't helpful and they never get codes .
do i have any chance in contacting nvidia directly ?
has anyone here based their cooking/diet on a slowcooker or crockpot alone ?
and i hate cooking shopping for food and prep which always takes hours annoys me .
one other small hiccup i live in shanghai china .
and i do n't have access to a lot of foods i would normally have in the us like beans .
i know i need to somehow force myself to cook if i 'm going to once and for all get in shape .
has anyone majoritively used crockpotting to help with their diet dilemma .
and if so are there recipes 7 ingredients or less preferably you would suggest or a website you 'd recommend ?
now that we know rory has n't been as successful as she would have hoped in the journalism world was mitchum just telling it as he saw it ?
during season 5 asp made it seem as if mitchum was setting rory up to sink her confidence .
richard had to step in and be a protector .
now in retrospect mitchum was right about taking the internship regardless if it was out of guilt .
maybe mitchum was a guy guilty for what his family did tried helping and then again tried to guide her away from a field he knew she would have trouble in .
whatever my wife made me write my observation in this subreddit sorry if it 's been discussed already .
i am on the elite plan and it 's gone missing from the guide !
1 04:23 nyi minor 2 jason chimera holding against brayden schenn
2 10:32 stl minor 2 scottie upshall slashing against johnny boychuk
2 10:32 nyi minor 2 johnny boychuk cross checking against scottie upshall
2 13:45 nyi minor 2 dennis seidenberg tripping against chris thorburn
2 16:01 stl minor 2 jaden schwartz tripping against john tavares
2 17:43 nyi minor 2 mathew barzal slashing against scottie upshall
2 17:43 stl minor 2 scottie upshall roughing against mathew barzal
2 19:42 nyi minor 2 john tavares hooking against vladimir tarasenko
please message the mods with any suggestions https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnewyorkislanders
i 've been playing infected recently and the first game i played had the phase shift and reaper payload meters fill up but subsequent games the meter is empty .
so i have been interested in being cuckolded and talked about it for many years with my wife she always turned away from it and told me i was wrong to want it .
however in the last few months with where our relationship was going she agreed to explore it and has met a guy she really likes .
at the time i set down my hard ground rules for her being allowed to fool around with other guys
i always know when they are seeing each other even if it 's just for coffee
when she has been with him she always makes time for me afterwards
so she has met this guy and fucked him twice both times i knew when they were meeting and what they were doing .
however the other day i called her when we were supposed to be meeting up and she told me she was at his house without my prior knowledge
am i wrong to be upset she was with him without telling me or because it was one of my hard rules am i right ?
at the moment i am just a bit confused and upset she would see him without telling me first i kind of see it that i allow her to have a lover s but she ca n't respect my wishes
also i wanted to know what things do i need to have in order to play this game .
so i have a best friend who she is a very kind person and one of the nicest people ive ever met but she has a troubled past with issues i wont mention .
but anyway she asked me out and i rejected because i dont feel the same way and she accepted that .
however ive noticed her being more depressed than usual and ive also noticed that shes written many notes talking about gruesome and cruel ways of commiting suicide in her notebook .
i honestly dont know what to do in this situation .
i 've gotten 8 epic variants and 2 heroic ones .
only 2 of them look anywhere near as good as the 3 collection variants i have .
i just picked up an il15 on a whim because i have n't had an amp for about two years .
i went in rather blind but i felt like it was quality plus i got a great deal .
however this amp has way more dirt than i need .
it 's always easier to dial back than add on .
this is my first ibanez product and i love it .
i 'm at a family friend 's wedding anniversary party and got to chatting with a girl i 've known since we were kids and she 'd brought her boyfriend and was telling me about it .
afterwards she asked so is there someone special ? ?
thing is i have a boyfriend and i 'm not out to them and i really do n't care enough to tell these people .
i 'm debating on if i should tell my friend or not because she might be cool with it even though her family is super religious but that 's not really the issue i do n't see any of them often but with thanksgiving and the holidays coming up i 'm probably going to find myself in situations like this and i figured you guys might know of ways to avoid the question or like give an answer that 's vague enough where i 'm not lying but satisfies the question .
it 's the first time i have a boyfriend so i 've yet to figure out how to navigate those situations .
hey so i dont want to be rude but i was wondering if anyone has seen anymore of these militia '' groups .
i try to find as much as i can but i 'm not active that often so i was wondering if any of you have seen any of these militias '' activity online specifically reddit .
it looks like i leave 568 bytes of memory at exit and i could n't figure out how .
valgrind says conditional jump or move depends on uninitialised value s '' on code below .
if the children is not null move the pointer to that place
valgrind said looks like you 're trying to use a variable that might not have a value ?
take a closer look at line 154 of dictionary.c . ''
my friend caught a bug while watching his screenshare discord
i mentioned her a few times in this sub here https www.reddit.com/r/casualconversation/comments/7bojwd/tell_me_about_your_crush/dpjt4lq and here is a separate sub https www.reddit.com/r/frankocean/comments/7bux1f/there_will_be_tears_made_me_think_about_a_girl_i .
i may have sent something that had offended her but i 've sent her worse/weirder shit before and that was n't an issue .
it 's not like she does this regularly but she usually responds after 12-24 hours later .
in order to start the new service https www.reddit.com/r/rocketleagueexchange/comments/7ap3jr/discussion_ps4_xbox_a_proposition_of_a_new_free i 'm making for the ps4 and xbox folks i 'm gon na need to get a few essentials so that i can get alpha console to work at maximum potential .
all of these items are going to live in my inventory for a long time as i 'm only using them for my project .
let me know if you can make any bundles for me and help me out thanks !
long story short me and a girl set up a date .
i 'm there at the right time right place .
the minute we were supposed to meet up she texts me that she 's just left .
i told her that 's not okay by me and best of luck and left .
i 'm not crazy for thinking 45 minutes is ridiculous right ?
with the effort that jack has put in urde is officially loading the first two areas of the game exterior docking hangar and air lock currently there are quite a few bugs but we 're working on them .
i heard the z play even with its 3500 mah battery vs the 5000 mah battery of the e4plus last longer then the e4plus .
someone wants to sell me a e4 plus for 50 and its way cheaper then a z play and i was going to get a battery mod for the z play if i bought it but wouldnt a 5000 mah battery in the e4 plus be the same ?
hey everyone this is my current iteration of a talrand sky summoner build that attempts to win in a method other than mass polymorph combo or mana doublers cantrip chains .
this is a control deck built to have as much interaction with the entire table as possible either through voting plea for power giving of gifts dowsing dagger intellectual offering or political cards domineering will .
many of the cards put me and an opponent in a you scratch my back i 'll scratch yours '' situation and allow me to help a player who got a slow start stay in the game .
my meta is pretty much devoid of anything resembling hard control with most of them playing modified c17 precons .
prison elements like overburden although they would be great additions are not what i 'm looking for .
the goal of the deck is to gently dissuade attacks in the early game with cheap permission/removal/political garbage while i set up a mana reducer or two .
many of the interactive cards are chosen specifically to require very few or no resources open submerge foil so i can play sorcery speed spells on my own turn and still feel relatively safe .
cards like reins of power and domineering will double as do n't attack me '' as well as chances to donate blockers to a neighbor .
eventually the deck hopes to land a haymaker finisher or swarm with tokens to close things out .
there 's also a lot of really standard blue control junk in here like treasure cruise and counterspell just because there are n't any other really good thematic choices and they fit the talrand drake plan .
maybeboard conqueror 's galleon seems like it would be an excellent late-game grindy mana sink but it may be too difficult to actually swing with the galleon and have it survive .
ensnare is reasonable because it can either force attackers through or be a free fog but i ran out of room .
budget-wise aside from riptide laboratory and academy ruins i own all cards over 10 on this list and it 's meant to be a fairly low-cost build .
i 'll take suggestions for expensive individual cards if they 're tailor-made for the deck but just know that foil and misdirection are in the deck over force of will and pact of negation for a reason .
his turnovers are really out of control this year and against a defense like the warriors who swarm the ball so well he 's vulnerable to nights like this .
painted toppers are crimson unicorn horn crimson fruit hat titanium white beret black fez purple fez sky blue hard hat cobalt royal crown .
i find it rather upsetting and kind of infuriating in a way that more and more streamers are encouraging their viewers to use bits as a donation method because it 's easy to get them for free '' .
there is one particular channel i would use this on because i find myself there all the time lately as well as a second streamer i 've followed since 2015 .
unfortunately in canada we for some reason are not able to watch ads for bits .
so my question is simply this when are we going to be able to earn free bits too ?
when are we going to be able to join our american friends in cheering for streamers ?
i refuse to buy bits i feel people who are not from america should be able to get the same options .
we do sometimes have to watch ads when twitch dictates it but we never get to earn bits .
it 's hilarious when several channels throw out the same ad .
i 'd like to earn bits and throw them at streamers too .
im thinking on reset my points i have 30 on crit chance 30 on life steal but im one handed blader thats more for 2 hand players .
so i need to change it what should i choose ?
an imposter going by u/willlamp7 is trying to scam you out of your coins !
do not fall for this make sure to pm me and click on the profile to see the activity of the account i also have many other scammers using similar names always double check
if you clicked a link to this page please make sure that you 're on the real r/mcsrep .
double check the username that linked you and make sure it matches the username of this rep thread exactly and is n't just similar .
note that just because you 're reading this does n't mean a scammer did n't include this note in their fake profile to trick you into a false sense of security .
always double check and do n't get tricked or scammed !
does the show only show people before they were villians ?
i just attempted the cavern of lost hope alone as i only have 1 other tribe mate and i was dead within a few minutes .
i 'm pretty fucking pissed right now and curious to know of any strategy that works in that cave .
i lost a 106.2 ascendent plesiosaur saddle my level 257 plesiosaur 25k hp and 400 melee and my 236.7 ascendent crossbow after i was immediately dismounted by an eel and as i struggled to quickly kill that one my plesiosaur was swarmed by 6 or 7 megalodons 3-4 dunkleosteus 2 additional eels and 4-5 jellyfish ... he was dead soon and i shortly after .
almost all of them seemed to appear from thin air .
justice league n52 volume i is obvious and i 've read the entire run of n52 justice league stuff up to the end of darkseid war .
however i 'm curious if there are really any stand-out justice league titles that have a familiar line-up to n52 or the animated series .
i know cyborg was n't really in the league until n52 and rebirth justice league stuff seems a lot more contained than the epic scale of geoff 's n52 stuff .
i 'm curious if there are any really stand-out runs on justice league titles that would be great to hype yourselves up before ya hit those theater doors ?
i 've told my so about it and she 's been worried .
the guilt is killing me because i do n't feel safe anymore not even with my so .
i want to live but a part of me wants to rewind time and make sure that i actually die because of the guilt and this very unsettling feeling .
im just a furry who 's trying to make friends .
this is my first post so im just saying hi !
i run a youtube channel and have been having a lot of fun doing a talk series basically asking people about topics which i am not confident enough to make my own opinion on in a podcast format .
an example would be this video talking about rank 6 vehicles
i was wondering if anyone had any ideas of topics which are generally not explored or if anyone would like to come on and have a chat about the aspect of the game which is interesting to them .
if you want to have a chat or have an idea post it here or hop on my discord https discord.gg/tuu6hhz and send me a message .
i am away until next friday but i like doing this stuff in advance .
season high 2750 looking to grind to diamond over the coming weeks .
i can play roadhog zarya and zen to fill .
does anyone have any of the top 16 lists from the belgian nationals ?
i have looked at the event page on facebook and there are only rankings .
i 've really been in love with the concept of group storybuilding .
and not just players exploring a dm 's world type building .
i have an idea i 'd like to try with my group but am looking for some insight before i push forward with it .
the framework everyone brings 3 characters to a remote resupply outpost on an unexplored island .
throughout the week everyone role plays in a chat room and decides what to do .
whoever 's quest gets pulled is up to dm .
after x number of hooks have been explored the rest are basically auto completed by other adventurers and entered into a quest log .
at that point everyone creates 2 more hooks either building on previous ones or new ones if the previous hook ended .
the biggest setback is that one person in our group has never dm 'd and another has n't done it in a while .
i doubt they will love the idea of being up '' .
what other pitfalls am i overlooking here assuming everyone agrees to push give it a shot ?
i 'm new to reddit and i 'm posting my gofundme campaign .
i 'm basically trying to purchase my family 's home which we lost 24 years ago .
it is due to be auctioned on november 14th .
i know it 's on tuesday ... i have no idea what else to do .
it 's auction price is 20,000 starting bid and you need at 20 4,000 of the final bid at the end of the auction with the remaining money due 15 days later .
i 've been applying for personal loans posting on facebook pages and even looking for hard money '' lenders on cl .
i 'm out of options and the auction 's in a few days .
how do i use clips without getting in legal trouble or ripping someone off ?
i love how many options we have to pimp out our snesc .
i 'm always curious about how people choose to make their perfect mod what games to choose customizations etc .
what do you regret most about this hobby we all share ?
i was reorganizing my cabinet the other day and started thinking about how much tobacco i 've bought on a whim or added an oz of this or that to my cart or the blends i have that indoor remember buying .
i do n't have an insane amount but a few bucks spent always adds up .
then trying to keep enough jars and having wasted space and the need to smoke it or trade/sell it ...
i wish i had just taken the journey slow and not bought every single blend i could get my hands on feels like pokemon when i look at my open blends sometimes .
anyone got anything they wish they could time travel back to their younger selves and give sage advice about ?
shoot me a message on here or comment and we 'll get set up on discord
there 's so many books out there and i 'm trying to pick something does n't have to be a traditional book to pick up first to give me an introduction into the profession including the types of positions available and maybe issues and why i might want to enter this profession .
so i was exploring the desheret desert and found the isu temple .
i unlocked the message from the pillar and found the tablet .
on my way out it was night time and there was moonlight reflecting from circle to circle so i dragged the circles to complete the moonlight beams until they touched the isu pillar in the temple .
i ca n't seem to figure out if solving that puzzle did anything extra or if it 's just a lengthy way to lead you to the pillar ?
so far we 've seen gotham is big on the villains which is nice but i 'd like to see at least one batman family member to be added this season or the next .
many obviously would n't make sense with traditional timelines however with all the gangster storylines in the show i think now might be a good time to introduce helena bertinelli aka the huntress .
after a highly unsatisfying and brief stint on arrow i 'm wondering if gotham might instead be the better show to finally properly bring the huntress to the screen .
the followers are quick about 500 in 30 mins yes they are all bots i 've been in the industry for a long while and i can guarantee that no one can give real followers.. no one .
2 per 1000 followers med quality meaning 500 for 1
views dont inc story or live video they r expensive
you can set a range for each post e.g .
lets say 25-50 then each new post you do will get a random amount of likes between 25 to 50 and after a total of 1000 likes if you purchased 1000 your auto likes will end .
i also sell twitter followers/rts etc https www.reddit.com/r/slavelabour/comments/7a9rk6/offer_twitter_followers_likes_rts_from_02_also fb page likes/followers/post likes etc youtube views/subs etc https www.reddit.com/r/slavelabour/comments/6t4ga8/offer_cheap_youtube_services_viewsshareslikes_etc pm me for prices or check out my older threads
i accept paypal btc skrill and payoneer you will be responsible for fees .
around 1000 willing to put in one or two hundred if necessary usa .
do you prefer a 2 in 1 form factor good battery life or best specifications for the money ?
i just do n't want it to be too big .
i use photoshop aftereffects camstasia and some animation software .
i want to be able to run multiple instances without it turning into a heater .
if you 're gaming do you have certain games you want to play ?
any specific requirements such as good keyboard reliable build quality touch-screen finger-print reader optical drive or good input devices keyboard/touchpad ?
just a good well-rounded laptop that performs very well with the software listed above .
something that will be able to satisfy my needs for a couple of years .
leave any finishing thoughts here that you may feel are necessary and beneficial to the discussion .
it does n't have to be the best of the best .
if a 800 900 does its job really well i will take it .
i would appreciate it if the product is a potential candidate for a black friday sale xd
a good hour of aod would be around 10 kills so lets say this took me 36 hours to make 1.15b .
now obviously the sample size is low and kills/hr was ballparked .
but you can definitely expect these kinds of numbers from aod .
i just realized the older group that twice most reminds me of hello venus .
i mean the original lineup and concept of course when they still had yoonjo and yoo ara .
i would even go so far as to make some member comparisons based on personality and/or looks and/or style
please use this thread to write what you are planning to do what not to do what to eat etc ... as usual please do n't just list the things please be elaborate and at least put some effort to it .
i have posted here previously about how i feel but i felt embarrassed and i deleted the post .
i am a 17 year old boy from the united states .
the thought of relationships ca n't get out of my head .
i really feel like i 'll never be able to experience a relationship of some kind with any girl .
i feel like 10 years from now i 'll end up being a virgin with literally zero experience with a girl .
i 've never really met a girl i felt like i could even just be friends with .
it seems like all of them are too different from me to have anything significant in common with me .
i 'm really scared that i 'll never find anyone and i 'll end up killing my self because of it .
i 've heard that women do n't really like guys without experience so if i do n't get any experience anytime soon girls would probably never even consider me romantically or sexually .
they 'll probably be weirded out by my inexperience and i 'll probably scare them off .
just the thought of a girl actually reciprocating feelings for me sounds astronomically impossible .
also i 've been feeling extremely anxious about my future .
i have a 3.47 gpa at the moment as a senior in high school but i feel like ill become a failure in college .
i 'm really scared that ill end up failing all of my classes because i am extremely incompetent in science and math .
it seems like all of my friends are much more ahead of me in terms of grades .
most of them have 3.6 gpas and they are much farther than me both academically and socially .
i feel like a huge loser compared to them .
some of my friends tend to hang out with the popular kids in my grade and i wish i could hang out with them but i feel like i would just stick out like a sore thumb and they would end up not liking me .
i ca n't even believe i am top 13 percent of my class .
i feel like i am not actually smart and i just get really lucky with some of my grades .
in college i plan on becoming a nurse practitioner .
i 'm not even sure if i will get this far because i feel like a lazy retarded piece of shit that will probably end up being a failure in 10 years .
there 's not many people i trust with these kind of feelings and i 've only told my sister about this .
this post is both speculative and hypothetical but it 's also based on other major buyouts and mergers .
posting this will help me process the effect on the mcu so even if some of you may not find it useful i hope somebody out there thinking long and hard about it can
on early november 2017 deals began between disney and fox for the former to buy out the latter and seize many of it 's assets .
deals died in that week resurfaced and started again once shares rose .
that brings us to around november 9th a day after the story broke
it 's not uncommon for aquisition and merger talks to happen between major recognizable names in the entertainment industry .
as reference we 're going to look at two disney and lucasfilms and at t and time warner .
we are looking at two dates the date when talks began and the date when the acquisition went through for finalization .
lucas talks began in may 2011 buyout confirmed on october/november 2012 and an unknown finalization date although it was n't very long
wb talks began in late 2015 confirmed on october 2016 but the finalization of the deal is still pending as of october 2017 with deadlines for further negotiations being missed .
this is not accounting for department of justice intervention .
in either scenario we 're looking at somewhere between 1.5/2 years from when talks begin to when the purchase is finalized and the company being bought out is absorbed .
another thing worth noting is that while these negotiations go on work does n't stop or slow down people still work on whatever they 're hired to .
in lucasfilms case most of their projects developed were disposable assets and not in the buyers disney 's interest and promptly canceled .
disney would proceed to start work on their new star wars projects in 2013 2015 for rebels and force awakens meaning it took about 3 years post buyout before we saw a new film .
in at t 's case they fully intend to continue warner 's current entertainment properties as-is or at least until it 's no longer in their best interests
so with all that what exactly are we looking at with 21st century fox and disney ?
so we 're looking at 1.5/2 years of this if it 's a sure thing for it to be complete and possible another 3 years for an mcu x-men or fantastic four film possibly .
that means we wo n't see thing wolverine deadpool or doom until at least 2022 and that 's for the mcu .
while these negotiations happen x-men and possibly hopefully not fantastic four films will still be actively developed .
as stated above just because these talks are happening does n't mean work stops there .
unlike the lucas scenario where the projects at the time were low budget tv shows and video games fox is currently filming numerous x-men films for these dates
if the 1.5/2 year theory is accurate the films between february 2019 june 2019 gambit and potentially x-force will be when disney owns fox and the x-men franchise .
these films would also be 80 complete and just about ready for release with some production time .
given the all star cast in x-force it would be turning down guaranteed money .
if x-force or gambit or both are profitable for disney it will likely influence how they handle the x-men franchise and possibly the mcu itself whether or not it 's a hard reboot or they choose to continue the franchise separately
it will possibly be 5 whole years before we see marvel 's merry mutants in the mcu based on other major acquisition deals speculatively x-force the r-rated holdover from pre-buyout may possibly be disney 's first x-men film despite not being in the mcu it 's financial success could determine if it 's also the end of the xcu or the continuation of it without the mcu
bitcoin is now officially a drama queen ex girlfriend .
this post https pastebin.com/n0agbmqr looked like a very lame conspiracy theory until today .
i hope you crazy bitches do n't fuck it up for the rest of the cryptos .
what 's your food schedule look like for today ?
what challenges do you expect to deal with today ?
did you do everything you wanted to do accomplish anything ?
do n't forget to check out nodig 's weekly meal prep posts https www.reddit.com/r/team_shark/search ? q=author 3anodig sort=new restrict_sr=on t=week to share your bulk meal plans and get new ideas !
so i 've noticed that dagger classes have been getting some attention recently and i thought it would be really cool to bring up this idea i 've had for a while now for a new white bag that drops from lord ruthven in the manor of the immortals .
on cloak you do not go invisibile instead you transform into a bat with speedy and are stunned for 3.5 seconds .
description this cloak has only revealed itself to you because it sees your ideals fit to its evil intentions .
so i really believe this item could be viewed as a double-edged sword since it sacrifices some defense forfeits invisibility and time for status time we 're used to having as a rogue but it enables rushing faster through dungeons with confusion .
it has a cool new feature that transforms you into a bat and the immunity to confusion is the main perk which is lore-friendly '' and is what makes the cloak worth adding to your collection .
it 's not really useful in end-game but in low-tiered to mid tiered dungeons it allows for quick farming and a great vanity item for fame train .
as title looking for pure keys no esport vanilla 10 revolver .
awp boom ft 0.28|https s.metjm.net/9ivif8h.jpg 11 keys|flammable foil on scope nip kato 14
hit me up with an offer or add me to discuss 3 have fun tradings .
honestly pretty much every season after asylum is underrated imho but i 'd say freak show takes the cake because it did not get the love it deserves post-netflix .
it 's such a beautiful and well-made season but it did get a lot of hate during its airing and is still getting .
do n't get me wrong i love this season but i do n't think it 's that great most fans make it out to be .
as an example zombicide black plague is on sale .
it looks awesome and i love rpg 's ... but i can not stand zombies .
another example there 's a game i heard good things about but it 's about growing peppers which sounds boring as hell despite how good the actual game may be .
does this matter to you guys or is it just a theme ?
what is your preferred medium e.g pencils paint digital etc. ?
e.g the type of style realism manga western people-characters-landscape etc .
well i need to get a firm grasp on perspective anatomy color theory and proportions my long term goal is to create comics
are you looking for a buddy of a similar level or something more advanced ?
you can have more than one buddy so if you feel like you want both then leave this question blank
really anybody who would be able/willing to help motivate one another and study/practice together would be wonderful
how often would you like to share work with your artbuddy ?
lol im practicing every night whatever is more comfortable for my art budy schedule-wise
how do you wish to communicate with your artbuddy ?
i usually finish elite 3 in sb but recently i 've started being unable to score consistently on the ai this week .
only recent changes i 've made is replacing bellarabi with if origi .
i just do n't feel like i get actual scoring chances .
when i do score it 's like a ball drops to me on a corner or a random sweaty goal on a counter .
my games seemingly always end 1-0 or 2-1 on a last second goal or penalties .
any tricks to more consistently scoring on the ai ?
a few months ago i lost my facebook account to an islamic hacker .
within five hours my profile changed to arabic profile and cover photo changed to isis malitia and soon after my account was taken down from facebook due to abuse '' .
the email that i started my facebook account with 15 years ago was deleted due to inactivity by microsoft and someone else re-created the email after hacking my facebook and switched my passwords so i have no way of recovering my facebook .
now the hacker can access all of my personal info on facebook and i have exhausted all other options in solving this problem including solving it through facebook .
i not only have the majority of my life documented on facebook but i also have a music business page which is still active on facebook even though i can not find my personal account .
i 've gone to great links to find a solution but i just do n't know enough .
i have located the hackers name and know that he has a youtube account subscribing to over a dozen hacking pages .
does n't matter how stupid the idea is if it 's at all logical i would love to hear it .
hello i stopped following the pro scene for a while and started to pay attention to it again .
i remember a few years ago a site that contained schedules for all things dota2 .
also dreamleague i can not find the schedule for this ... ..
trying to earn a living everyday kept hyun-soo busy .
however one day when he was doing a side job of threading beads he realized something .
the truth was that he was the skill maker .
! buy amount buys 17x sets for each whole key you enter .
! buytf amount buys 15x sets for each whole key you enter .
! buygems amount enter how many sets you want to buy in exchange for gems .
! sellcheck shows the amount of sets you have which the bot can buy from you
! sellgems amount sells your sets in exchange for gems .
! rate shows the current rate for both buying and selling .
! level amount shows you how many sets you need for specified level .
link to bot http steamcommunity.com/id/foxlevelupservices selling 19 sets for 1 csgo key
i know it 's not the best pistol in the game but i 'm looking for an infinity pistol does n't matter which type in the level 47 to 50 range for ... reasons .
i 've been farming for a while but have had no luck well i did get one ages ago but some idiot sold it without realising what it was so if someone has one they do n't want i would be grateful to have it .
hi i 'm looking for a way to watch some japanese baby/kid shows for my son .
he loves nai nai ba and okasan to isshou but the 2 dvds he has are wearing a little thin .
with the new alpha pack system should be better for all of us a challenge or a couple that gives us an alpha pack make it harder than normal but would make us really happy to just get one by week
here goes my edm orchestral remix on vainglory theme !
a big thanks to the dev team for 5v5 !
this is the only way i can express my love toward the hardworking team !
recently i have discovered that basically this whole time 4 years of my life from 15-19 i compensating constantly my self worth like a robot based on productivity wisdom my output and so on ...
i think it can be called a superiority and inferiority complex where i have this constantly fluctuating self worth .
i feel like i 'm constantly being evaluated my whole days and life through some third eye watching me i guess the persona i created those 4 years ago .
when i feel inferior i ca n't even live among other people i 'm anxious hopeless cynical suicidal depressed ...
when i feel superior when i 've been a good boy '' whole time only than i can live somehow with myself and other people .
and of course i project that on other people this evaluating system of mine .
i have so much trouble with empathy not towards people who are superior '' in my book basically they have to be your cliché successful people .
i think it 's the issue that i did n't have too much success with people up until my 15 years and still do n't have you can imagine with this complex .
than i discovered profession of filmmaking and i think that was the moment where i decided that worth of a human being is in his profession success productivity or something ...
now i can remember i have n't always been like this than this broken into me and now this 4 years this constant tension this pressure had become my second nature as if it was normal and just in my personality .
i just want to stop finally fighting and compensating for something ...
i just want to live love be a good human being have some passion life purpose contribute and farewell ...
i hope and pray this is the only problem i have however big it is and not some more serious mental illness .
after watching streams and videos it seemed like exit camping is frowned upon ...
head to the eft forums and it 's tactful and camping takes skill l2p .
i 've been playing theses games for an eternity and these things were usually frowned upon ...
first dark souls game got it for the multiplayer equiped these armor pieces so far just beat the vanilla game today moving onto dlcs now here is my set https imgur.com/a/c0bde
just as an example the secret vs og game at dreamleague where notail dissed secret during a pause .
just curious as to why they ignore it totally ?
just lost all my loot including over 200 steel because your servers crashed 5 times and i got hit by zombies whilst the game was crashing .
all the other servers are fine no issue but our server is crashing non stop ? ? ?
ambient music for walking through the city at night 🌃
so a monk 's and barbarian 's ac specifically do n't stack but what about with other abilities ?
for example if a monk had access to mage armor how would it work 10+dex+wis as per unarmored 13+dex as per mage or do they stack so it becomes 13+dex+wis ?
i 'm assuming you pick the best rather than stacking due to wording just wondering if i 'm missing something
either your lanes go brilliantly or they go horribly mostly just because of picks
one team has am every single game so you try your hardest to shut him down or to make space for him
whichever team is ahead starts to snowball out of control
tries to push high ground in 1 big fight at 23-25 mins
the fight is a huge disaster losing team gets massive gold swing
now there 's a stalemate for 20 more minutes of farming the jungle in groups of 5 so that everything takes much longer
around 40 mins antiphantom magelancer now wins the game on his own
allow me to remind you redditors '' that downclobbering for disagreeing with someone goes against the reddiquette policy of reddit .
thus if i discover whom is downclobbering me i will be sure to report you to the moderators .
you mess with my comment karma i break your account .
my old s3 is about to die on me anytime soon and i 'm on a budget 200 max for a new device .
i 'm not a hard core user i use it mostly for social media streaming mainly spotify and rarely youtube web browsing and photos .
upon doing some research the ones that caught my eye were the vernee mix 2 and homtom s9 plus still waiting for a review on this one .
brands i really want to avoid are definitely samsung umidigi since i had terrible experiences with both brands .
if you any any tips or recommendations please let me know .
p.s i 'm currently in europe but i will travel to se asia soon so off contract and unlocked carrier is a must have .
all around the globe on an earth much like ours fictional characters from comics games movies and anime have begun to appear .
these exceptional beings seeming to have only one thing in common as to where and when they appear .
each one materializing around someone truly obsessed or enamored with them .
truth be told it could be more beautiful or sinister than that as their very existence has become tied to the person who venerates them .
their lives completely intertwined sometimes this may mean a now happily married wonder woman playing home maker or super girl flying off at light speed to pick up her beau 's dry cleaning ... d.va and a nerdy college kid gaming together on the couch ... or someone ending up in the hands of a more twisted individual hell bent on humiliating and tormenting the object of their obsession .
i would like to either play out a scene where a college kid suddenly has his canon dream girl appear and explore the sexy slice of life when your literal perfect woman appears out of thin air .
alternately i would love if our hero has someone appear that he absolutely did not want .
not realizing that his obsessive distaste for her is what caused her to appear next to him ideal for sylvanas windrunner widow maker sombra mystique or any of the other typical bitchy arrogant evil women of canon
ultimately i am looking to play out a long slice of life story of this odd burgeoning relationship even if the premise seems a little silly or fluffy i want to take the interactions seriously .
so i have this problem where a skin only functions properly if i have the rainmeter manager openen gif link http gph.is/2hlfhkt .
here 's the code for the skin that loads the other one lets say the icon
and the code for the green thing saying that it 's spotify
and why isnt it happening when i have the manager open ?
if anybody can put together a full biological profile on these wish granting dragons '' with the information provided that 'd be awesome
i 've seen people in game turning their gun to the side to get a better look at the camo .
i 've been pretty lucky so far within my community that not too many people have been pushing mlm bs .
within the last couple months several people that are close to me have been advertising obviously mlm 'businesses ' on social media .
i 'm stuck between wanting to support my family and really wanting to warn them .
almost all of them are facing difficult financial moments and i 'm even more pissed that these 'companies ' have promised them hope .
does anyone have any advice for warning people you care about that what they are doing is most likely going to cause them more harm than good ?
my go-to is that if they need extra money fast check out lyft or grubhub or maybe some other driving/delivery service .
e o labareala in cerc intr-adevar poate r/rogonewild isi scoate telefonul din buzunar si vine cu niste nuduri coerente poate chiar u/cosbuc isi face propriul subreddit .
ca altfel cu regret dar r/romania ramane cea mai buna generatoare de karma .
basically i have a shit name and in need of a name change .
do you guys have that one great moment that you had ?
also those epic screenshot of players can we make it in regular basis ?
when you got some coold screenshots or images for ldoe just share it and we 'll make a collection of it !
yesterday i went to my friends 20th birthday party .
it was my second weekend sober and i was really nervous beforehand worrying about coming off as tense to my friends and not being able to participate fully .
that did n't happen and i had a great time !
after the initial sarcastic comments and attempts to make me drink i had much more fun then i 've had in a while .
i could choose consciously what i wanted to do and who i wanted to talk to i did n't get the usual 2 am mood slump that would end with me going home and i could pretty much blend in in the crowd with my alcoholfree red whine .
i stayed longer had more conversations that i actually remember and was able to meditate clearheaded this morning .
i still get a little anxious when i think of myself as a non-drinker but this clearheadedness and new energy that i am feeling is getting hard to resist !
these lines are recorded as the highest i happened to see them reach during the week i do pay attention not necessarily where they opened or closed .
underdogs of 3 points or less and there were a bunch of those this week are considered tossups and not recorded .
as usual in november the oddsmakers are getting their power rankings more refined and large upsets become more rare and that shows up in this week 's upset list but we will keep on going through the regular season .
hariri 's cabinet resigned and he was disposed of as prime minister .
he called it a political coup and left the country claiming an assassin was after him .
thankfully the threats magically disappeared when he decided to elect michel aoun and form a government with hezbollah .
then without warning the assassin is back and he totally wants hariri 's life .
it 's not the future movement that 's for sure .
it 's not hezbollah either for a very simple reason .
if hariri dies hezbollah is back to square one and without legitimacy in the government .
and if they did want hariri gone then theoretically hariri resigning gives them precisely what they wanted anyway .
i know i do n't like him but he 's not retarded .
that is literally like discovering your country wants to exile you so you leave to punish them somehow .
the sheer unlikelihood of any of this and the illogical fallacy of there being any sort of threat makes me think hariri is not telling the truth .
and if he is the threat to his life is n't from hezbollah but from saudi .
they 're not there purely because bamco does n't want them there .
the category would literally be the only one ever played if that was the case !
why do some of your release were tagged as internal reloaded ?
good luck getting this going if it 's dead it 's dead .
you will have to locate the part number and replace the board .
if you can get an i7 board if there ever was one .
keep your ram and hard drive s and cd drive if you have n't done the dual-drive conversion .
there are i have seen argued emerging negative properties to economic class consolidation concentrated poverty drastically increases crime rates compared to dilution .
i wonder if the same could be said for consolidating the mentally ill into communities and if any potential downsides might be outweighed by the resulting consolidation of mental health provisions less facilities needed to serve people if they 're clustered vs spread out .
i would try to get one from an authorized source .
obviously the best would be from the source herself that way she can personalize it .
i collect autographs from motocross racers and always have them sign it to —
and should get real confirmation before thinking it is n't a troll .
you are mostly correct but the sensor for the most part operates the same in low and high iso .
the noise remains constant but at higher iso you have a faster shutter speed so less light hits the sensor so your signal to noise ratio decreases .
so like say at iso 100 your signal level is 100 and the noise is 1 .
now at iso 1600 your shutter decreases by 1/16 and so does the amount of light hitting your sensor so you get a signal level of 6.25 while the noise is still 1 .
the camera then boosts everything 16x so your signal level is back to 100 but the noise level is now 16 .
this is a bit of an oversimplification but hopefully illustrates how iso is related to image noise .
the only time noise builds up '' is when you have a really long exposure on the order of minutes .
then in some cases heat can build up in the sensor circuitry causing higher than normal noise in the images .
the government is putting foreign buyers before it 's own people !
did n't he say once that he did n't believe in dna ?
please read the entire message before messaging the modteam .
hey u/vti_elf thank you for your submission in r/rainbow6 !
unfortunately because your account is new under 2 hours old or your account has very low comment karma your submission has been removed .
this action is not directed at you personally r/rainbow6 requires all accounts to be at least 2 hours old and have positive comment karma in order to create new threads .
comment karma is not the same thing as link karma .
if you have negative comment karma it is easy to raise it – simply participate in a few discussions and you 'll have the amount you need in no time at all .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rainbow6 if you have any questions or concerns .
crack a window a tiny bit get some air moving .
first serious concussion at thirteen playing hockey circles drill in practice caught a teammate 's skate going backwards landed on my head .
i just get used to the lower more shitty version of normal .
1 first things first you need to do your best to prevent more injuries .
it sucks and people do n't want to do it i definitely kicked and screamed the whole way but you can choose or have it forced on you after a few more injuries when you basically have no option because you 've become a shell of a human being .
friends who might randomly tackle you through a wall goodbye .
sex without having a serious conversation about how to minimize risk probably not a good idea .
the first step to having less brain damage is by getting less brain damage .
and yes the world is unpredictable and you will likely get another injury but you need time to get at least a little more stable in the meantime .
feeling embarrassed by having to explain the situation sucks .
not being able to do the things you want to sucks .
losing friends because you ca n't keep up your mutual hobbies sucks .
but the truth is that none of that sucks nearly as much as feeling so much pain confusion desperation numbness and sheer terror as getting injured again .
feeling like you 're on the shelf watching your life pass by .
feeling the soul crushing boredom of a few good hours if that in a 24 hour day and my god what do i do with the rest of it because everything makes it worse and i ca n't just sleep all day .
feeling like you ca n't even live once but can die piece by piece inexorably while everyone around you smiles and pretend nothing 's fucking wrong .
on the bright side there are things to do .
take up swimming it will remain available to you when it feels that everything else is too jerky and painful .
cook food i can enjoy good food even on days when there is n't much else positive .
your life needs to change to lower the risk of repeat injuries .
until you start making that step i do n't know how much the rest here can help .
2 the basic updated thinking on concussion to my understanding is to treat it like another physical injury say a blown knee .
yes you need rest but the dark room in bed until the symptoms subside crap had basically gone out the window .
start doing some low impact aerobic exercise stationary bike is a good start .
start slow and then increase as you 're able to do so .
my workout plan after my last injury was walk to the gym do five minutes of low intensity exercise on the bike go home .
when you start take a overall symptom score out of 10 say 4 .
during exercise if your score ever increases by 2 or more say to 6 shut it down for the day .
the idea is to slowly push the boundaries of your tolerance as you 're able to without bringing about any major setbacks either physical or psychological .
if you can afford it a trained physiotherapist with experience with concussion rehab can be a great help .
i started with one at a concussion clinic in vancouver and now do it on my own .
these are eye exercises that work on eye focus and concentration .
it 's basically become a standard form of post concussion rehab .
you can read about it and find examples online .
my guess is that you 'll find it more challenging than you 'd expect .
most family doctor 's know next to nothing about long term concussion symptoms .
when there discuss options for medications they 're most definitely not a miracle cure and have side effects but for many they help .
i also take stims for energy levels but this is n't as common and i would n't recommend it until you 're stabilized .
most importantly ask for a referral for a neuropsychological evaluation .
with av referral from a neurologist it 's free with a long wait list .
it 's also useful to know where you have particular deficiencies and how serious they are .
i 'm currently enrolled at gf strong in vancouver in the long term symptom management program .
it covers basic things like sleep hygiene scheduling managing pain strategies to return to work or studies etc .
it also had a professional counselor familiar with tbi which quite frankly is a must .
someone who gets what you 're going through knows the science knows best practices for recovery and can help unpack the years of built up shit you inevitably have after being to greater and lesser extents chronically unwell foryears and terrified it can only get worse .
even if you ca n't access this type of program seriously consider paying a professional therapist for his or her time .
do your best to actively work towards getting better .
it helps to feel even minor improvement add crucially that you have some control over your future well being .
ok this has been a really roundabout way to get to your main question .
the truth is to the best of my understanding that it is n't about you .
people will talk about you and you 're symptoms or their perceived lack thereof and just be thinking about themselves .
maybe your parents are in denial because the thought of their being unable to protect you makes them feel powerless .
maybe they regret specific decisions they made and thinking that you 're seriously affected for the long haul means either that they failed you or that they 're shitty parents .
maybe they have their own problems that they either bottled up inside or feel you 're stealing the focus from .
maybe they 're scared you 're no longer 'normal ' and this terrifies them in a gut reaction kind of way .
and of course maybe they 're just narcissistic assholes .
in my experience loved ones often feel helpless and ashamed .
sometimes giving them something to do helping you stick to a schedule helping contribute for medical costs etc .
also from their point of view they 've seen you change over such a long period of time your current behaviour can just seem normal .
i often ca n't figure out what 's normal myself and i 'm in my own head all the time .
in some people 's minds 'normal ' is 'well ' .
so by their bad logic if you 're acting as they 'd expect how can you be sick ?
look for people outside of your family you can talk to .
in my experience this is often people who have experienced trauma and/or poor health themselves .
now you ca n't exactly put out an add for this but once you start openly talking about your experience people find you .
i went back to school last year and found the girl with chrohn 's disease .
you want to find someone who 's used to having their serious issue tossed out by people as baseless ?
find the man or woman with experience of sexual assault .
and the truth is lots of people have fucked up lives and lots of people are terrified about opening up about it .
sometimes you just have to find the right person and be willing to take the first step .
you mean that dude who went in and fired off one round that miraculously ended up in a computer hard drive ?
he served as governor of california believe it or not .
he was still a piece of shit republican but at least he knew what he wss doing on the geo political level .
all republicans play the fear card it 's just that we 've never seen a president like trump that exclusively plays to the worst devils of our nation .
it 's almost as if he has no idea what america is about
well i suppose you could debate anything if you 've got the time .
even clapton himself was amazed at how good he was he walked off stage .
with eriksen i transferred him out but im on a wildcard .
i dont think he is a neccessity to get out and you can keep him for a few weeks and expect scores around 3 8 based on good fixtures .
only issue is son playing so high up and eriksen playing a deeper role so just be cautious
yes that 's common practice they give both numbers to give perspective .
if 5 of people own pets and a year later 10 own pets then it 's true that the number of people with dogs has doubled 100 but also true it 's only 5 percentage points which shows it 's overall a small slice of the population .
eh hard to feel sad for scumbags when they die .
it was n't that obi wan was bad at flying he merely hated it .
good point thanks for the feedback i changed it to gold trimmed chest i didnt consider somone taking the chest itself because its so heavy noone can really just carry it around for ever .
and its supposed to be 3-4th lvl adventure so no powerful teleportation spells and such .
but its still possible somehow to take it out so ive changed it thanks
hey man i kinda did the same thing as you was premed took the mcat but decided not to apply because i was n't happy with my life .
i know about all of the bullshit of premed the 100s of volunteering hours the shadowing the sucking up for lors shitty fucking pre-med/volunteering student organizations bullshit research etc .
i got my degree in biology and then went back to school to get a computer science degree .
i have about a year left in school and then i 'll be done .
so take whatever my story 's worth i hope it gives you some perspective that not going to med school even after the arduous pre-med journey is n't the end of your life .
in fact it can be the start of a greater life than you initially imagined .
it does n't sound like medical school is for you though you self-sabotaged for a reason it seems .
besides the life of a physician is nowhere near as glamorous as it seems .
you 'll idealize the life of a med student and when you get there you 'll realize you spend most of your waking hours studying then you 'll idealize residency and you 'll realize you spend your waking hours as a grossly underpaid slave with no social life then as a physician and by then you 'll be in your 30s and have a 6-figure student loan to pay off while working 60-hours+/wk in a job you may not even like after having spent your 20s working to get .
idk the grass is n't greener on the other side .
mediocrity '' is subjective and there 's nothing wrong with using your bachelor 's and getting a mid to upper 5-figure salary and taking life from there .
at least you can change your mind but once your a doctor you 'll be one for the rest of your life .
i 'm probably a little older than you 24 as i grow older i realize status and wealth are becoming less and less meaningful to me .
i want to make good money and be comfortable but if that 's all i amount to in life then i would be okay with it .
the vast majority of our species live a meek meager and un-wealthy existence .
success and wealth is only a function of our artificial society and has no merit outside of it .
there are many rich men that are unhappy and many poor that are happy .
i remember having thoughts during the pre-med process where i would have preferred death over not getting in that 's how hyper-driven and afraid of failure i was .
crazy how much rodgers covered up the shit by carrying this team .
if the pack fail to win a single game rest of the way that is pretty piss poor as football is a team game .
sure i dident expect them to win the sb but atleast be competitive in these games .
if we lose to the browns god help me ...
i think she is mistaking lactose intolerance for a baby who just prefers it 's mother .
tough break grandma even the baby knows you 're a bitch ... .
i reminded a lot of people what gak was even around 10 years ago .
there was this odd orange solid stain on part of the carpet in the basement of the house i grew up in .
between my brothers and me one of us dropped it and it stuck to the carpet and would never come out .
anytime someone was over they asked about it but apparently forgot how gross gak was .
i do n't see any evidence in the show to support this .
the clues that we have are not enough to base anything credible on .
but it could also be one of any number of things .
could it be that developers do n't feel the need to give away good products ?
services instantly downloadable premium stream graphics with an option for professional customisation so those without photoshop knowledge can have their details applied .
about twitch overlay https twitchoverlay.com has been active for nearly 4 years now and is one of the first sources dedicated to stream graphics .
the site now has over 80 items from overlays to screens to banner avatar sets to profile graphics all available with the option to be customised with your info .
pricing pricing is varied from as little as 2 to 26 for full packages of graphics .
contact use the contact form over on the site for any questions https twitchoverlay.com/contact
status t-o is a full-time store so always accepting new customers .
other it will likely skip my mind to check back in on this thread so if you 've any questions please do go ahead and use the contact page linked above i 'll be more than happy to help !
because people would think he 's a retard if they saw the one in the top left .
as far as i can tell he 's completely right
just go to your amazon page as if you want to buy your t-shirt .
you will see the set up giveaway '' button .
think i watched the vod although he said this ages ago so maybe he said it twice ?
the twitch ceo walked by a screen with reynad and was like ban this guy '' and then he didnt get banned
well curtis axel ingeniously took roman reigns out of the tlc match via having bo dallas infect him with meningitis .
i packed ibra the other day and put him up front with jesus he plays considerably well considering his pace .
he is a very fun player to use because he has a touch of class most players do n't have mate
i did this and tried it in sub 32 degree weather with layers extra blanket on top and air pad .
hands and feet got cold but quilt worked great keeping my body and butt warm .
worth the basically 60 it takes to make two .
i guess eldar went into hiding in the webways andcame out later .
orks being orks fight back and darn hard to eridicate .
it 'll be like parking a bike in an aircraft hangar if aj got in there .
maybe when aj had fcuk fear on his shorts it was because he could n't spell fuck or faryal .
and vader does n't go to the rebellion even .
we have thane kyrell in the lost stars book but that is more to contrast cienna ree staying imperial .
and then singir in aftermath but he 's not exactly for the rebellion either .
this is closer to how soraka should be depicted imo instead of the skinny versions i see everywhere .
i feel maybe you have n't found the right doctor yet i am diagnosed with intractable migraine without aura i have had the same headache everyday 24/7 for the last 14 years since i was 12 .
i do n't know i do n't really fit into any other category and have n't met another patient with the same symptoms as me for as long .
i 've spent so much money on treatments including mortgaging my house for new treatments and none have even made a dent .
i have seen so many doctors and had so many tests .
my current doctor understands even though he does n't know what to do .
he has been honest with me but not cruel like other doctors who have repeatedly told me i 'm screwed .
he tries so hard to go to conventions keep up on clinical trials he even researches my file on his own time .
he has referred me to other doctors for second opinions but has always stayed the director of my care .
to say he has saved my life is an understatement .
i have one more treatment i can try but after that i know it 's kind of the end of the line for medical intervention one offs like me are not where the money is traditional migraines are where it is at .
all i can hope for is that if this treatment does n't work that a new treatment developed for migraines might also work with me .
obviously it 's easier said than done but you need a doctor that believes you even though they might not have all the answers that can be your advocate when you cant .
i ca n't imagine having to continue to fight just to have a doctor believe you do n't settle for that !
i understand the anxiety as well not that i 'm saying your condition is in your head just that being in a constant state of pain or being unwell breaks you down so much more than people know make sure to focus on your mental state as well so it does n't reach a boiling point .
i made the mistake of telling myself that i just needed to get rid of the pain if i could do that everything would be ok and that 's all i focused on i pretty much had a mental break where i had to take a step back and realize being pain free is not a very realistic outcome for me at least but i could potentially change the level of anxiety and depression .
i see what you 're this might not be a one trick issue but a lack of team work and coordination one .
they need to lower the speed on tripped kick and body blow .
but not the range because that 's what makes them unique and fun
they need to lower the speed and range on the best move in the game jumped out elbow but only by a tiny amount each
they need to lower the range on front kick the other best move
should i put in the mb driver cd again ?
it 's main intention is to cover high density areas and it is n't meant for general coverage since the signal penetration is bad .
most of the time we 'll be staying on 4g which is already amazing and still has improvement potential .
sir please take your seat the ride is only just now going to begin .
you should know better than to post stuff like that on r/bitcoin .
if you 're not outright banned your comment will be quickly shadow banned and visible to no one .
will we see another top end xiaomi with a headphone jack ?
fair point if they 're not playing a high skill floor hero optimally then there 's probably little to no loss to be made if they switch .
in the scenario that they are playing said hero optimally it 's not necessarily going to mean that they can also play a lower skill floor hero optimally by default .
while you might expect a good mccree to also be a good soldier:76 a good zenyatta is n't necessarily going to be a good winston for instance .
but yeah i agree that if you 're not playing a high skill floor hero optimally there 's probably nothing to be lost from switching to a lower skill floor one .
and if it does n't work out there 's nothing to stop them from switching back again .
funny you should say that but every hp laptop i 've ever used was a piece of shit and now i buy lenovo .
yeah fuck hp but i 'm sure some of their higher end laptops are n't garbage ... probably .
i also got a lenovo their thinkpads are still pretty good .
and before someone else says something yes i know about the superfish scandal you ca n't bring up lenovo without someone mentioning it lol
my brother and my mom are slightly allergic to cats .
they might be pretty expensive i 'm not sure but he was awesome .
he would do stuff like the cat in the gif and he was super crazy .
he was n't the most friendly cat but he had a funny personality and loved to play around .
it wasnt bad contract for 2 it was bad contract brook lopez a late first for 2 .
it works and in reality you look great in the lighting..
finished 17/6/2 with two 3 's and was efficient .
keep in mind that lauri sprained his ankle so crazy eyes gon na produce even more .
he can stay on the baseball diamond for the rest of his time here as far as i 'm concerned .
as further proof that not all women are the same i️ can definitely be impressed by a nice car .
damn dude you 're getting slaughtered it 's gone over 30 now .
word of advice stay away from any tall buildings high bridges and clifftops .
and i can only go by what mcgregor said himself .
he said he would knock out floyd mayweather within three or four rounds .
when someone sells snake oil and makes a hundred million dollars from his fans i hold him to higher standard .
no issues with the go-tcha whatsoever at least from my experience .
the only lag i get from the unit itself is when i put it to auto-spin stops while i manually catch the 'mons there is usually a 2-3 second delay before the go-tcha will lock back onto stops and such .
checking the trailer connection should be part of your daily pre trip walk around .
so why did you end up dating that chad asshole who treats you like shit ?
reminds me of that time i killed chickens in runescape for them prayer skills
i love it so much even after recent fck up with dodge 2
it 's not as fun if you can just get it anytime for nothing .
quick edit i didnt intend for it to say i have been kicked out i meant for it to say ive been threatened to be kicked out .
such a great benefit for the community especially ios only folks like myself .
i bet he practices with headphones with that chant going .
to be rated on r/rateme a verification picture is required as stated in rule 8 .
one photo should include a handmade sign that says r/rateme and your exact reddit username .
if you have not added a verification picture please make a new post that includes one as your current post will not appear .
moderators reserve the right to question the authenticity of any submission .
if your current post does include your verification sit back and relax !
if your submission does not appear within 16 hours please message the moderator team .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rateme if you have any questions or concerns .
she was enrolled part time ... it takes longer to get a degree when you 're not taking a full slate of classes .
i 'm sure she could have graduated in 4 years if that was the goal .
i have an advanced degree in stem and i do n't think getting a b.a .
in english at an ivy league school would be easy but to each their own .
edit also being a hollywood actress is much more demanding than your typical college job .
as for your other point that 's fair but if she 's giving her take on social issues it 's not quite the same .
honestly not too familiar with what she talks about .
c i 'm currently working on getting the last items to finish ascending everyone but event ces take priority ahaha .
innes teita klein tobi alm arai teruko and h ! jakob fujiwara ryo .
... what do you mean having three archers and no mages on a team is a bad idea ?
expect the full on take over of bch people .
everyone is exchanging for bch the better coin in every way .
if btc goes down to 5300 it will be all downhill from there and bch will be the upcoming king of crypto land .
the few times i feel girly and wear heels my husband does n't give a fuck about them .
i should probably count myself lucky heels are horrifically uncomfortable and illogical .
as much as you have put here and you did a great job which endurance competition do you really want to do ?
if you are going to be a runner then you will need to run a lot .
if you want to do ironman then there are easily looked up programs for that .
you do n't have to pick one forever but i can tell you that if you are going to pick one as a 21 year old who is a regular weight lifter i would wait on the marathoning until you are done because marathon is really for the skinny guys lugging an extra forty pounds is hard .
so right now is probably your cross-fit phase get good at that compete and then move toward short triathlon and then longer triathlon and then you are doing ironman and then super ironman .
start dating a good nutrionist i am kidding kind of not trying to be sexist but really learn about nutrition what to eat when to eat it why you are eating it .
also get your blood tested maybe do the dna thing and figure out what you are going to respond to best .
some people can survive on carbs some on protein really learn and then adjust as to what you want to do .
i will forego the forlonging pep talk about how i wish i had known at 21 that i wanted to do endurance and say that you really want to build up go short for now and then do longer later .
inside kefla kale is like can i say something sis ? ''
alchemy jewelcrafting enchanting are good to make stuff for yourself that you would have to buy from others otherwise .
engineering has a lots of toys and useful stuff like speed boosts slow fall etc
you could also take blacksmithing but crafting armor takes a lot of mats and doing all the quests for the profession this late in the expansion seems very inefficient to me
well i wish i could give an answer on that but at first it looked like they were just bad .
but in the fourth our 3rd string was punking portis co .
not only that but most people do n't even like the 2.6 flight model .
this is actually the best time to make the flight model more sensible .
stop me if you heard this one jesus christ walks into a hotel .
he hands the innkeeper three nails and he asks ...
eric draven can you put me up for the night ?
also.. where did she locate this as i need to know.. for science..
really i 'd like something that casts similarly to soraka 's q. aoe drop with a better effect in the center .
i have an idea im fleshing out for a mini w rework with a small q update attached to it .
instead they blew that opportunity with terrible clock management and terrible play calling ...
yes this is our first time playing a sf game .
maybe at the other mosque that is 10 minutes away .
i feel that my accuracy is definitely sub par since im a console player at heart .
i know that im usually not going to out shoot someone so ive tried to make up for it in other ways .
i will usually run either a dps with forgiving aim like junkrat or more likely a healer so that i can focus more on assisting my teammates .
the pronunciation in the trailer is about as forced as the way trump pronounced puerto rico that one time .
sorry ivan your not good enough to play in the nhl as an enforcer so we 're sending you to ambulance duty ''
i bought the ps4 within a couple months of it 's release and put in a 1 tb hard drive since day 1 .
it 's still holding up good but i only use physical games and the ps games .
well no one has ever said he was n't a good passer .
he also still is a shitty scorer statistically the worst in the nba not named marcus smart .
even if he did n't do anything else '' like your strawman is saying one game does nothing to prove otherwise .
evolution is a generally-accepted theory originating in the field of biology about the development of life .
climate science is the field of science concerned with the climate .
what 's the difference between a factual claim presented to you by a credentialed professional and a factual claim presented to you by someone who you are convinced is a credentialed professional ?
i wonder what would happen if the people in the episode tweeted at a random abstract idea ?
like if everyone collectively tweeted death to hate or even something more concrete like death to isis how would bees know who isis members are ?
well 800 hours and you just made me realize that as well.. haha .
could you please make sure that the authorities get a transcript of u/callmedaddy85 and all his posts while you 're at it ?
imo honesty is 100 the most important thing in every relationship .
in fact you could also frame this as a situation that only solidified how done you are with your ex .
i 'll give my first born child and my grandfathers glass eye from ww2
dont forget that facebook does this too even though they deny it .
i 'd say we 're going to have an influx of people noticing this is happening with all kind of apps .
i 'd wager to say depending on operating system and browser it may be doing it anyway .
i liked the area it 's almost as cool as portland .
we really can be just as good as we were last year .
we just need another dual threat rocket scientist qb who can function in butch 's system .
the massive cocaine intake tends to render that a non-issue pretty fast .
i did n't buy it from amazon but it is on amazon so i 've got a second recommendation .
i 've got a massive sweet tooth and a love for jelly beans that spans a two-decade obsession .
49 flavors of jelly beans in a size that even i could n't eat in one sitting is the perfect purchase for anyone in a similar state .
at only 23.51 you 're getting massive savings over individual 1-pound bags that you can get with only one flavor with all the fun of a less-risky roulette a la bertie botts every flavor beans .
be careful if you 're going to trade bch .
it 's showing a lot of signs of instability and a clear fomo trend .
do n't forget that ripple was once above eth in market cap too .
edit from the charts it 's clear that korea is driving these prices for bch .
35 of the volume coming from just one exchange with krw alone .
another 7.5 and another 6 on 2 other korean trading pairs .
this is not an indication of superior technology or overcoming btc .
there 's no one single smoking gun it 's a culmination of many proofs .
here 's an example every space agency worldwide has the freemason vector symbol in their logo .
vectors and other freemason symbolism is included in portraits of ball earth philosophers going back to pythagoras .
ex-illuminati dutch banker exposes the satanic freemason jews who control our international system
i also advise you to read the protocols of zion .
you said you have to get to know someone before you like them thus now that we know each other you have to like me ! ! ''
i never purchased from the sight but the site operator helped me with some info on a private mint gold round i needed info about .
i may have a couple in my safe deposit box .
next time i 'm there i will take a look for you .
i think i received a few in a lot i purchased a few years back .
the james bond films need distributors sony 's contract is up so another company can sell the films .
the producers are still in control of the films .
in my opinion it 's not worth the negatives .
you get stupid traits like club footed ugly lisp etc .
you 've got to consider that the 163 is n't a fighter it 's an interceptor .
the thing was designed to get up quickly hit incoming bombers and get back to base which is why it has a grand total of seven minutes powered flight enough for it to get to altitude in a hurry and not much else .
i could actually see that as the headline on brietbart .
radical leftist jew launches divisive campaign against honorable judge roy moore ''
ultrascept did n't say it in the nicest way possible but i will admit that reading your post caused me to chuckle a bit .
u penn ed rates are ridiculously inflated thanks to athletes and top students applying get rejected all the time so the way you said it
if i scored a 36 decent grades and ecs and am an ed applicant 24 acceptance i must be admitted .
today though you got about as good of a shot as 50-75 of the application pool .
one committed and the other 3 are silent commits at least for now .
that first episode is one of the most moving and well acted stories i 've heard for a long time .
i 've also just started the magnus archives.. well just finished the first season .
the way the main story builds slowly interwoven with a monster-of-the-week type format that is actually consistent.. it 's great stuff as you all probably know .
it seems to me it was something that was completely written before they even started as opposed to some series ' that seem to have a strong concept to start with but shortly give away that they 're making it up as they go along .
i had water street a couple years back and did n't like it as much as i wanted to .
might have to give them another shot though soon .
i 'm not seeing a message from you so it may have gone to someone else .
in his mind he could choose to be gay or straight not in between
ok but why does choosing to be straight also automatically being a sleaze ?
he does n't want to admit he 's gay and thus dates a lot of women vs he does n't want to admit he 's gay and thus becomes a sleaze who makes repulsive comments on purpose .
the latter re-enforces negatives stereotypes that gay people are offensive and crude and less able to control their impulses .
a guy does n't have to go as far as groping and raping to be a negative stereotype .
and if not handled correctly his character could end up looking like a poor representation of how being gay and in denial about it affects a person .
now i 'm not a member of the lgbt community and i 'm not sure if you are either but maybe it would be worth talking to someone who is and seeing their take on this .
i might be dead wrong on this i do n't know .
get off your alt and go back to r/celtics or r/washingtonwizards
also that 's not identity that 's societal structures .
are you going to keep passing in a close situation ?
indeed much of the complains of each sex about the other come from low quality people who can only attract low quality people of the opposite sex .
mix that with some solipsism and presto all the other gender sucks because the ones that i can get with suck .
like your father entering the room when you 're touching yourself .
it is surprising you stop doing and you 're back in the fight .
i wish they would 've stopped to consider that maybe we knew what we were doing .
if they tried to hear us out and show a little faith we could 've worked well together within an alliance .
instead as pesez said it felt like negotiating with terrorists .
why is a skullphone pegasus piece showing as the image for this post ?
it 's over 100 years old and was my great-great-great grandmothers .
show me statistics that india is the new china '' in terms of textiles plastics manufacturing castings .
india is nowhere near 2007-level china in terms of textiles plastics and castings yet delhi is somehow 11 most polluted city in the world compared to beijing which is 57 .
they must be using cow dung as fuel no way such a delhi 's manufacturing weak economy can produce more pollution than coal-dependent factory heavy beijing .
reroll choose my legend x10 and free steady breath for everyone !
what happened in the video is working as intended '' mei gets stunned while casting her ult which cancels it because the projectile did n't land yet .
some really impressive cadence and flow switch ups on this off-the-dome freestyle .
i 'm not saying that tatum threw an elbow at fvv 's head .
he was clearly sweeping the ball through a regular basketball play and his elbow caught fvv in the jaw .
you may be a tough ass motherfucker i do n't know but being hurt after getting even an incidental elbow to the face is definitely within reason .
to be honest if you put all the microtransaction shit behind you the game itself is fantastic .
personally i 'm going to rip a fat bong and enjoy the scenery
i respect what you 're saying but i would rather get out an hour earlier than take an hour of personal lunchtime .
not taking lunches gives me an excuse to do this .
plus i do stretches at my desk take walking breaks etc
i refuse to believe that a crappy hour away from work is going to somehow zen me out and just make my work life amazing .
i made a friend on lfg and then transferred all my character to that realm and exclusively play on it so i could be in their guild
in an an attempt to increase the quality and relevance of the posts to r/samharris we are now asking anyone who posts a link to provide a submission statement regarding why they think the article they posted is interesting/important and how it relates to sam harris or one of the many topics he has discussed .
we also suggest the original poster provide their own opinion on the article to help generate discussion .
the lack of a submission statement or a superficial submission statement will likely result in the removal of the post .
we ask that other redditors help out by downvoting and/or reporting submission statements that they feel do not satisfactorily meet these guidelines .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/samharris if you have any questions or concerns .
i currently play under my obviously female name and have gotten 19 friend requests .
i play pretty ok and have had some good games that i think partly lead to the requests but i do n't play anywhere spectacularly enough that i do n't think would have lead to that many request if it were n't for the fact i 'm a woman .
i try to attribute it to the best impulses guys who think it is n't common for women to play even though it is and wanting to be welcoming .
honestly though the only reason why i accept the requests is because there is no way to actually message people .
so for now its a fun way to occasionally join their matches see which splatfest teams people are picking but not get any harassment or awkward messages .
i just recently read doorstep and i remember a passage describing that if aseneth ephraim wanted to be a true wizard/be truly connected to the cosmos he would have to be fully human .
while deep ones live forever it seems to be implied once they turn they do not have as much ability to do magic or be connected with the cosmos which i guess would make sense at that point theyre under dagon no other great one .
only way ephraim could become the powerful wizard he wanted to be was to claim human bodies to control .
when you consider aseneth-ephraim essentially rushed edward into marriage and had him out to do black magic and rituals asap he knew his time was limited before aseneth 's body turned into a fish thing and would be more primal and instinctual thus his connection to magic would be lost if he did n't get a human host .
also i continuously delete any friend that has altera in their support slot .
i 'll only ever use mine and i prefer to not use duplicate servants lol .
i video record every time i turn on my shower and i come on reddit and some lucky bastard had something wacky happen the very first time .
you make it sound like it is n't normal to put a camera in the shower ?
i dont see spirits all the time never at day only at night and it happens over the span of years or doesnt happen every day for me and its usually when i am by myself or the only person awake .
i do can feel something there or when sense the energy of the environment change .
like you know or feel something is there and cant see it but you know it sees you or you feel like its staring
chase moved denny out of the way with the smallest nudge denny could have backed up and just conceded the spot to stay in the championship but he overdrove the exit trying to hang on and got into the wall which is what gave him the right rear tire rub .
trying to race chase for a spot he did n't need ended up ending his day .
i hope i helped good luck and i wish you the best .
galloway kenard tolliver and ish smith are the only players to score for the pistons this quarter and their lead grew .
well something small like a spider you could try and wail on with a hammer and a centurion you would try and aim for a point like the waist where it articulates with a spear or halberd and for the spheres i do n't really know .
relationship does n't have a nice cookie cutter definition but most agree it 's something that 's more than 'do what ever you want ' and i 'll do it with you if i want .
that 's a good point and i 'll probably finally internalize it once i manage to have a relationship that is n't toxic from the start .
since the implied definition of a relationship with which i started was obviously flawed here 's a ∆
yeah they figured it worked once why not try again .
i think they showed it in a replay after the game
ffs i pack like .2 grams into my bong 's bowl and get high off my ass ... joints are such a waste .
update for any who might care and updating for posterity whether anyone ends up caring or not .
had a really good day today under the bar even tho i was n't really feeling 100 due to travel/getting in late last night .
ended up drinking some pre-workout which i rarely do as i do n't particularly like feeling jittery .
then hit accessory work tri 's and bi 's and went to drink my post workout shaker bottle and update .
months to be able to play darth vader in a star wars game .
the next day we see ishida meeting with miura and drawing berserk .
tg re goes hiatus six months comes back for a few chapters and then another hiatus for a year .
great detail for upcoming godzilla chapters when chapters do drop .
i 'm not worried about mounting it i have some brackets and i 'll 3d print an enclosure for it .
enjoy your high fee centralized corrupt corporate crippled settlement layer shitcoin !
as a redditor i 'm more qualified than most .
to be fair you have to have a very high iq to understand homeless and non-homeless people .
the difference is extremely subtle and without a solid grasp of human psychiatry most of the cues will go over a typical viewer 's head .
but it 's also canon that there are no adults on alternia meaning that either schoolhive teachers assuming those even exist are adolescents or schoolhives exist off-alternia .
but was it ever stated that children are all on the planet ?
it 's hard to get estimates because it 's really all strain and technique dependant .
i 'm actually talking to a cs rep trying to get my s7 edge unlocked but i flashed the u firmware on it .
so he 's being very patient with me already .
edit he just told me the unlock tool is down for maintenance for 30 minutes as well .
token buyers have certainty of valuation for every bid they place—if you place a bid for 100 eth at a market cap of 100m you will either get that market cap or better for that bid .
our market cap could only reach 230 million if we only sold 30 of the tokens and raised the full 69m .
as of now there is nearly 2m on the contract and so we 've announced that we 're targeting to raise between 5m 10m at a market cap range of 20m 30m .
we get that we tried an innovative auction—we forced everyone to learn about state channels to participate .
we 're not going to stop innovating but we 'll definitely put more effort into explaining our contraptions
i think his tyres were just shot at that point .
i get things for fics i 've posted over ten years ago .
i just cringe thinking 'why it 's so lame how did you even find that ? '
then i get the 'woot someone likes what i 've written ' feeling .
if it 's the motor that 's stuck on look for the contacts that close when you press down a button .
he broke his nose so many times the doc said a repeat fracture could lead to serious complications
dupes .. like getting thirty four epic shock troopers out of one hundred pulled .
rigged as in it is not a true random number generator that pulls loot but a string structure the rng is coded off a constant that is player introduced such as time or psn name or a player code that is static .
this allows community to have a decent random pool of what is available but also means each player has a list of items they will get more than anyone else as well as items they may never be able to get .
ive spent as of yesterday 2,218.00 across two accounts .
i love the general concept of fortnite and appreciate how well they have built the halloween event !
firstly it 's not rude it 's a picture you need working eyes to see it and anyone with the tiniest degree of nuance about make-up can see her whole face is full of errors .
why would you think that 's an 'alright ' face of make-up ?
secondly celebrities like her do n't sit there slapping off-tone elf on their own faces with a set of brushes their aunt gave them for christmas they pay professional make-up artists to do it .
it 's not even average celebrity make-up it 's just bad .
anyone found the kill count location for the 1911 yet ?
it was about 2.5 hours from what i recall .
i too am on the other side of the country flew to nyc for the show .
very expensive venture but well worth it and yes lucky !
he performed beautiful rendition of my father 's house .
and it 's long been a dream to see born in the usa in its raw acoustic firm very moving .
hopefully they release a recording or video as more than just the people who can go should be able to see the show .
keep it natural '' well that ship has sailed a long time ago ... ... .
that is a garbage build order for easy difficulties and marathon is boring as fuck .
well a wii u could be also nice to have for when you want to emulate games while you 're on the toilet .
at this point https youtu.be/-sqtfqms6f8 ? t=8360 rapha mentions they plan to experiment with qc duel rulesets after next dreamhack which is nice
at the minute it feels like i 've been downgraded to a non-plus device as any non-optimised apps that run in landscape are exactly the same size as they would be on a non-plus device .
truth be told i 've only just started treatment and i 'm only young so i do n't know what to say about issues with family and what to do when treatment does n't work as well as you 'd hoped .
in that case maybe try focusing on one thing ?
just forget about the relationship goals or school for a while and maybe just focus on the exercise and weight loss since that seems to be the easiest thing but achieving one goal may well give you the determination to achieve the others .
i know the sidebar says not to think about solutions too much i 'm not a very good talker .
but even so i just want to let you know it 'll all be okay .
i am younger than you but even i know 26 is no age to decide your life is pointless you still have ages to get where you need to be !
also that damn waterfall on hakuna matata or whatever the jungle level was called .
several of my peers first learned algebra in college .
whether they knew the material already i 'm not sure but their first college math class was intermediate algebra .
i do n't really care what is in there as long as i can hear sounds it does n't matter .
i 'm lucky i am not as miticulous when it comes to sounds .
since it 's a compilation album i think it 's unfair to compare it to their actual studio albums .
it was the first nirvana album i ever bought myself listened to my dad 's copy of nevermind so it will always have a special place in my heart .
ah yeah those are a little hardier than taiwan bees but still need acidic water .
that store really did n't not know what they were talking about .
same here then i heard up up and away and right above it and was hooked
all the teasers that seemed to point out that fnaf 2 was a prequel made sense when the game was released even though it was a sequel .
as they indicated that freddy fazbear pizza was reopening and that the animatronics from fnaf 1 were old .
because they were used before and the location from fnaf 2 was reopening .
in the other hand the 87s do n't make any sense at all .
they 've said that new ip are in the pipeline for the switch .
some of these are even unexpected straying away from the reputation nintendo built for themselves .
so i think you 're right on the money with a direct in either january or february .
it seems you 've linked to a '.jpg ' that is hosted on imgur .
while this link is allowed in this subreddit many users have difficulty or various issues with this file type .
here is a link to the url we would encourage to use if you would like to delete this submission and post it again .
click here to resubmit it with the new url http www.reddit.com/r/gifs/submit ? url=https i.imgur.com/zcnluqn.gifv title=clionidae angels the sea
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gifs if you have any questions or concerns .
i was n't into fs besides dandy until i binged the whole season .
it did seem like an epilogue and it 's way better binging !
if you whop em in the head they go down in one hit .
evan bourne rollins at mania play button and survivor series just gone
lower tier schools outright reject very high stat applicants with the logic being that they 're not going to matriculate anyway so might as well only accept students you think have a chance to attend .
i really do n't know how real it is .
i bet you would still get in a lot of low tier places op
already sent it to you kindly just check if you have received it and the attached file thanks
this thing does n't apply or appeal to me !
lady calm down you 'll never lose weight so you 'll never get one of these cards .
also seeing as though you are completely taking advantage of your gym 's childcare services to pass your kids off onto someone else when you do n't want to deal with them which is apparently every single day you might not get a world 's greatest mom '' card either .
anyone looking for a retelling of pinocchio should check out steven spielberg 's ai artificial intelligence .
great movie that while paralleling the original story raises its own questions about tomorrow 's robots and what happens when the line between them and humanity is blurred .
did n't even see what sub i was in .
irish wrs are getting open but wimbush ca n't hit them ... once he does though ugh
she filed suit against him in 1994 and clinton 's defense team dragged it out for 3 years by arguing that you could n't sue the president of the united states .
i believe the vertigo effect comes from having too high a fov so maybe try lowering it
youll have to play around the the send rate and position lerping to get smooth non jerky motion .
in order to get animations to be seen across different devices the animator has to be explicitly linked it does n't happen automatically .
there are lots of great tutorials brackeys is one but does n't use an animator just capsules i believe .
'' i really tried to listen to you '' interrupted him literally every .
this guy wanted his country to not allow his grandmother to immigrate raise him because she was not as white as he is .
after fuentes spoke for 2 hours while destiny did only 1 hour i have to wonder how anyone can still say destiny would be the gish galopping one .
he wasnt able to finish a single fucking sentence in 3 hours while we all had to listen to an endless stream of conspiracy theories and white supremacy .
i guess to redpills think a debate '' equals to one dude talking '' ...
mac 's usually carries them mind you its in the bigger boxes
i 'm not going to lie that does seem kind of weird though ?
i mean if it 's just because it 's for the event and not supposed to be open i get it .
i dunno who in this sub lives in alabama right now ?
but i think we need to put our efforts into overdrive .
yeah that 's not someone thinking being an asshole is attractive that 's just that some teenagers are too shy to admit they have a crush on someone and end up irrationally trying to hide the crush which can have results like making fun of the person or avoiding them because their stupid teenage hormones have decided that 's somehow better than making people aware of their real feelings .
great question well for one offensively we 're easily one of the most talented teams in africa the real issue is our defense .
when halliche and bouguerra retired we replaced them with mandi and bensebaini .
mandi could be world class but he 's timid panicks often and ca n't compose himself .
bensebaini is a wildcard he 's reckless and goes for risky challenges he 's also 21.our right back sucks and we have n't found anyone for that spot .
our managers also fucking suck and we ca n't get the players to respect any of them but i 'm quite happy for morocco and tunisia will definitely be cheering for them next year .
if you need a gc player to ask questions or teach the game hmu .
prepping still happens at base camp it 's just like having your hub in the level with all the benefits that implies .
i do n't care if you 're not in the pic at all .
it does n't look as cool as you think and it 's unnecessarily risky .
struggling to get close on hc to kill with shotguns 😩
you can sorta get it now with vorpx but i 've never bothered with vorpx because it sounds like too much of a hassle .
bretton woods has had 2 for 1 on wednesdays but i do n't see it on the website for this year .
each year we picked somebody to be quote-unquote santa claus for that year .
and we would all sit around and whoever was the acting santa claus would give out the gifts to the people in the room and decide who opened what present next .
for example if i was santa claus i would look through the presents and see if there was one for my mom or my brother and i would grab that and give it to my mom and say you are opening this present now .
get a mirror put on music and watch yourself dance .
do this long enough and you 'll gain confidence because you 'll know what you actually look like when you move .
if you look goofy you probably just need to find the beat .
focus on your upper body first and your feet will follow .
rivaldo at his best yeah but neymar is far more consistent .
rivaldo would often take a weird turn into being invisible and diving all the time .
at his best though he was nearly as good as fat ronaldo and better than ronaldinho .
if only hue showed that passion all game every game .
good thing what you think wo n't affect classic or my playing it .
also i remember vanilla in retail it was a shit show half the time wondering which class/spec will be overpowered this patch and how long it will take blizz to balance it .
i bring up a point to fix that nonsense from the start and your response is i do n't think classic wow is for you '' ?
serious question if they went to the trouble of setting up a controlled explosion on the two towers and went to the trouble of running to planes into them why would they also demo wtc7 ?
you 're not bringing me down you 're doing just what i asked you to .
this just tells i have a looooong way ahead of me !
melbourne our founder was called john batman so we were almost called batmania .
i hate when you rescue someone from a fort outpost or whatever and you have to escort them out but they decide to walk for what feels like a couple miles away before they decide to stop and finish the objective
and yet you 've been assigned 50 to the latest accident ?
in case you need clarification 'repairs and maintenance ' is not the same as an accident .
if the employer went through his insurance there is still a deductible that has to be paid you would be responsible for that deductible .
your employer would not be financially responsible for this you would .
in my experience deductibles start at 500 and go up the higher the deductible the lower the premiums so 1000 deductible is more likely .
your employer was doing you a favor offering to split the damages 50/50 .
you turned out to be a fickle employee who is now trying to get out of that generous offer .
you 're now out a job and most likely 100 responsible for the deductible which is going to be more than the original 50/50 300 ?
like the skins fans here care whether you are enjoying it or not .
the dylan 's candy bar lip balms and body stuff !
i loved them so much i had a set of the lip balms and thought they were amazing .
gutted well done switzerland you 're certainly not to blame for the ref being a cunt and hopefully just means var is brought in quicker so shit like this does n't happen .
also you were better anyway not that that makes it any easier .
thankfully i 'm half english and half northern irish so i 'm guaranteed a world cup next year anyway .
this week a fumbled ball across the goal line is a td .
tune in next week to see if that rule changes again !
also are you trying to load savegave data from the old computer ?
i wish there was a call to bed '' option you could do while your sim was in bed .
except only one of those observations will get you labelled a sexist
hey u/profesionaishitpostr thank you for your submission in r/shittyrainbow6 !
unfortunately your submission has been automatically removed due to an indirect link to a hosted image .
you can re-post your image by following the below instructions
for your convenience here is your submitted link with .png and .gif file extensions appended to the end .
please see if one works and re-try your submission with one of the following links
if the above link does not work right-click on your image select copy image url and paste that into the reddit submission page instead .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shittyrainbow6 if you have any questions or concerns .
we continued for a very very long time and we did so in the name of god .
so if god is going to kill a gay its going to be because he did more ontop ?
sharia is n't just stone homosexuals it 's general islamic principals to the question is n't framed very well you 'd have to ask if 60 supported stoning homosexuals and i doubt you 'd find that correct .
regardless if you asked the 40 who do n't want sharia they 'd argue that they 're outdated .
and no i ca n't prove they 're untrue .
but logically if you can argue that christianity is true because it ca n't be unproven despite all its inconsistencies with reality you can absaloutely argue the same way for islam so why are n't you a muslim ?
it 's enough to make a man sick ... ''
i was especially glad to see kronovi showing up big time since a lot of people were saying he was washed up and the weakest link on that team .
aww thank you ☺️ honestly one of your earlier posts was the inspiration for the bodysuit .
the saints haunted barber in the late years of his career .
he always sounds like this calling a saints game .
norway and poland will rape every team this year and team usa will flop
thank god we got that conversion after all the bullshit .
i put up 130 points a couple of weeks ago and managed to lose because my opponent put up a ridiculous 150 .
i am lactose intolerant and this is such a blessing when i am craving cheesy foods .
this was done by admitting a fine mist of oil into a chamber built with two plates at the top and bottom .
mist droplets were allowed to fall through a hole at the top and a voltage was applied to the plates .
by measuring the rate at which the oil blobs fell with the voltage on and off they could determine that the charge that had accumulated on the drops during descent was always a whole number multiple of a certain value .
that value must be the charge of a single electron .
this is one of the worst optimized games ever created
if you think this is true then you are a fucking idiot .
on the last play green was covered but would trust aj making a play over lafell .
i have n't had an album out in a few years .
i thought this was against tos or something because no one is interacting with chat ?
the article says it was first used in 2002 .
edit this https en.wiktionary.org/wiki/cultural_marxism etymology claims it was coined in 1973 by a sociology professor specializing in critical theory .
you can post off topic/jokes/puns as a comment to this automoderator message .
for cmv '' and question for x '' threads parent comments that are n't from the target group will be removed along with their child replies .
if you want to agree with op instead of challenging their view or if the question is not targeted at you post it as an answer to this comment .
op you can choose your own flair according to these guidelines .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/purplepilldebate if you have any questions or concerns .
and also my thought process at the time was that the wraith and the billy are the og 's .
it uses one of the best proven periodization phase and has a little more accessory volume than most 5x5 programs which is important to beginners and intermediates i believe .
used for a few months before using a more conjugate type workout which i use now .
he came off the bench and kizer played decent for one game ?
well i definitely could do that last week so maybe it was something that changed with poe and was now reverted .
sure ... then he takes some time away during the bye and probably comes back for the hawks game .
it ruins peoples ' lives destroys life long friendships and causes depression and results in emotional abuse .
wandering forever in ikea like every other lost soul trying and failing to pronounce swedish names tormented by the smell of meatballs only the living can enjoy .
the wife of one of our friends disappeared one day she had been depressed for a long time and had hurt herself before and within a few hours the police and everyone was on the case .
i mobilized our other friends to search as well and hoping she had just decided to run away .
our friend was devastated married since they were 18 and were now in their 60 's but he kept working did n't sleep barely ate .
the worst we feared had happened she had taken all of her sleeping medication and walked into a body of water .
she was found 3 days later only a few blocks from her home .
it took you three posts on this subreddit for people to even start roasting you .
can you imagine what people think of you when you 're so unattractive we do n't even want to talk shit about you ?
edit it 's nice of you deleting your previous posts .
it 's even nicer that i can just check my browser cache to see what you deleted .
had a makeup lab for school today so at least i did n't miss the game
to protect the subreddit from spam we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
we ask you to participate in the comment sections of our subreddit to build up the karma you need to post here and to learn the rules and standards of our community then you wo n't be affected by this spam filter .
spend some time getting to know r/dankmemes and then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
do not message us asking how many points you need .
just get out there and make some comments and you 'll be all good in no time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
lol i mean i want us to win but seriously .
i 've been reading a lot about the lightning network the last couple days since after the failure of segwit2x we 're pinning all of our hope to scale bitcoin on off-chain transactions .
but the thing i have n't figured out is once the lightning network is fully in use if i visit a retailer and want to buy something do i just put their address in my wallet and send bitcoins to them and somehow automatically that transaction can go over the lighting network and not add anything to the size of the blockchain ?
i 've seen a lot of talk about payment channels letting you send numerous payments in a row but i 'm not sure how the lightning network will reduce the number of typical one-off transactions the kinds of purchases that we use credit cards for today ?
i do my own repair work as well ... can/have rebuilt engines trannys a/c compressors .
i find that point of also have the same 1,000 repair needed in a year . ''
hovers right around that repair cost vs. value of car area .
ok so i had a amazon prime student account for a while and last month i ended signing up for twitch prime to get those free players .
my amazon prime expired im noy exactly sure when but im still receiving twitch plauers every fri/saturday .
so my question is now that my prime account on amazon has expired am i being charged by twitch ?
i logged on twitch and it says i still have twitch prime and that my amazon account is still linked .
ærlig talt så føler jeg ikke min stemme kommer til at betyde noget som helst denne gang .
jeg er ved at være træt af dansk politik .
jeg kunne rigtig godt tænke mig at høre jeres tanker .
selvom det er politisk af natur kan vi så ikke prøve at lade være med at downvote politiske ideologier vi ikke er enige i ?
i was born in finland and have lived in canada since i was 7 .
i recently began an 8-month internship in france which is the first time i 've been in europe since i left at age 7 .
obviously i am travelling around as much as possible .
there are two others doing an internship position at the same company also from canada but we all met in france .
one of them is this asian guy who is nice but a little bit socially awkward .
he often 'coincidentally ' joins me on my travels .
for example when i mentioned i was going to berlin last october he coincidentally booked bus tickets for the exact same weekend a few days later .
i am happy to travel with him but sometimes i also enjoy travelling alone because it means i can meet new people easier .
so far all my travels have been with him .
anyway i obviously have to go back to visit my family in finland .
i decided that the best time to do this was christmas the 24th is also my birthday and i booked plane tickets from dec 20 26 .
there is also an old friend from canada joining me on this trip .
today i got a text from the asian guy saying 'hey dude i was thinking of going to finland from december 22 26 . '
i have n't seen these people in 13 years and i honestly just want to spend some quality time with them .
it seems this guy does n't have anywhere to go for christmas and he is hoping to join me .
if he does come to finland i could n't imagine stone-walling him because that is just completely opposite the christmas spirit .
for some reason this time around i am really struggling with the idea of travelling with him .
wibta if i tell him i want to do this trip alone ?
add me on blizzard if you 're interested jasonbogus 1138
i am wondering if there is anything i could possibly upgrade in my build ?
just to make it as future proof as possible whilst i have some spare cash .
is there anything you guys would recommend changing/adding which would be worth a purchase ?
i am from the uk and primarily use the pc for gaming .
if someone were to be shipping say pills in the same country as the buyer could the pills be put in a vitamin or supplement pill bottle ?
mods feel free to remove this question if i 'm breaking any rules lol ... but i 'm simply asking out of curiosity .
seems less suspicious than putting it in foiled vacuum sealed things ...
i do n't have anything too specific or too well fleshed-out but i 'd love to collaborate on something .
general likes include older women/milfs/cougars cheating public/semi-public exhibitionism incest primarily bro/sis cuckolding cock worship transformation big asses huge tits sizeplay bimbos/bimbofication and women who normally would n't pay me any mind coming onto me for just my cock .
i also like the idea of me being unaware of just how hung i am .
i like reasonably detailed replies but i do n't require a novella .
however if you 're the type to write very long replies i can definitely match it .
i 'd like to ideally set up something longer-term but something short can be fun as well .
some general ideas off the top of my head which could be fun or at least serve as a jumping-off point .
i 'd love to hear if you have any ideas/suggestions too
porn star maybe my first shoot or maybe a reverse-bangbus scenario ?
either you or i could be a foreign exchange student .
it 's a world where breeding is limited to a small number of bulls and cows/breeders .
i 'm a young bull you buy at auction .
i 'm pretty open to suggestions if you have any ideas and i 'd love to brainstorm/collaborate .
i got a nice looking root i 'm going to try to grow but i 'm just worried it 's not warm or humid enough
i currently have two sets of data one that contains sdo_geometry lines and another that contains sdo_geometry multipolygons .
is there any way to compare theses to sets of data in a way that will determine if one of the lines touches each polygon contained within a single multipolygon ?
from what i 'm seeing it looks like the standard sdo_anyinteract function will only determine if the line touches any single polygon and not every single one .
i should mention i watch and stream tv shows online and would like to be able to i guess cast or mirror from my web browser to my xbox one .
i 've had a look around and it seems like airserver is an option however was just wondering if there was another way that 's well ... free .
i 've also tried something called vget cast which is a chrome extension .
this asks for a url then streams to the film and video app n the xbox one .
i just have n't managed to get it work as of yet .
they manufacture liquid biopsy solutions that are increasingly being used in oncology diagnoses and treatments and have been gaining ground in sales and sample distribution .
they 're still a small company and not profitable but seem to have a strong product and a strong team .
value started to really go downhill last week after er with many people skeptical of the implication that hurricanes in texas and mexico had an impact on sales .
i also see discussion on some message boards about short interest and that the price of the stock seems to be being manipulated downward but i have no idea how to analyze that .
scotland is one of the world 's newest nations and she must now establish herself diplomatically militarily and economically .
scotland is located north of the republic of great britain it is a parliamentary republic .
however the official role of head of state and government still need to be worked out .
now of course scotland will face political shifts as the nationalist party having achieved it 's objectives begins to form new parties .
i plan to expand scotland 's military as well as creating relations with more european nations and hopefully join the eu .
i 'll be playing as angus robertson who has led the snp since nicole sturgeon retired after the referendum .
as the title states i 'm attempting to get in on this potential gravy train if bitcoin cash takes off but i ca n't seem to work out how to get things setup to actually purchase 1 bitcoin cash while i can still afford it .
i downloaded exodus on the desktop so i have a bitcoin address '' but i tried using bitfinex to actually buy a coin and not only did it only accept usd it is n't even allowing usd deposits currently .
if anyone has the time would they be able to guide me through purchasing my first coin ?
i have recently converted over to pcgen from character sheets due to all the obvious benefits .
for the rest of my characters the transition was seamless however i am having an issue with an oddball of a character .
ghost faced orc scarred witchdoctor using the con based casting .
homunculus crafted an additional pair of arms for additional weapons and cmb boost .
adjust race to ghost faced variant or efficient method to modify scores and skills to account for differences .
permanency the ant haul or confirmation that a temp bonus of it works just as well in pcgen .
adjust the spell casting to reference con instead of int .
modify stats to account for the extra arms plus including the multiweapon fighting feat .
please let me know if there is any more detail you wish for me to include .
ive been completely avoiding using the new beta since my current colony is very fragile would you kindly comfort me and tell me about the update since im going to have to face it in like 2 days i dont wan na watch a video ... .
do you honestly think that it puts the fans and players in a pumped mood ?
i 'm sure all the 18-21 year old players get hyped when hearing shitty old song likes good feeling '' and happy '' .
if you want our players to have energy on the sidelines and for the fans to not be sitting on their asses then play some good music for once .
watch how the players react when knuck if you buck '' gets played .
play music that gets the players going and the fans will enjoy it when they end up playing better .
stop catering to the old ass grumpy dudes in the gold section that barely even come to the games .
i could accept your bullshit argument about sense of accomplishment '' if opening up my wallet did n't speed everything up .
you 're taking away fun for money full stop .
i was on the fence and now i 'm going to buy other games instead .
i 'm just about to have enough champions to play ranked .
this means i need to learn how to mid and jungle if i do n't want to rage my teammates if i get autofilled .
my questions is as an adc main will the matchmaker use my bot-lane ladder rank to put me into mid lane ?
or does it have a different ladder rank for each position ?
i ask because i played one normal game mid and got curb stomped 0/6/1 .
i know this is a common thread topic but i always find it interesting what songs do you know that either remind you of being trans or are applicable in some way ?
level 19 drogoz master on ps4 here been playing drogoz only for months and i 've endured all nerfs add changes they did to him but this is just too much now ...
if miners would stop playing with the hash rate and spamming transactions we would n't be having the problems we are .
if high volume businesses would implement segwit we 'd have a higher block size and less congestion .
bitcoin would be flying so high right now if it was n't for this small group of wealthy elite .
it 's the same old story though ... hodl .
welcome to another edition of whatever they throw on knr during the evening .
so when i do k which is about once a month i mentally feel so much better afterwards so in case of a mental breakdown i whip that shit out and to sleep i go .
i have a doctors appointment this week so i can get a referral for a psych but tonight i will self-medicate for hopefully the last time .
is it required to give a full stop at the end of a sentence that contains a mathematical formula or an equation at the end ?
so not sure if this is a rust-specific question .
the problem is i can access my node.js server on port 8000 but not my rocket.rs server on the same port .
i did shut down node.js server before starting my rocket server .
when i first started 3 years ago one of my first sales was a windows 7 desktop computer a monitor square trade for the monitor and the computer a printer with ink and square trade a chair with a plan and square trade income assembly for the chair in home pc setup with virus shield and software installs also a more account .
it worked out well because the husband and wife legitimately worked for a business and needed all that stuff and took everything i offered .
about 6 months after we started offering liquid armor there was a former associate from a store near by who i knew and he at the time got a job at a car dealership in which they wanted him to order 100 tablets so we did so on the kiosk and he purchased our entire store stock of liquid armor at the time .
we did n't apply it though he did when he went back to his new job .
so far those are my best that i can think of ?
maybe the best slaw for your department or something ?
i have 1,750 invested already and was wondering if i should take my remaining btc in my personal wallet about 0.7 btc and invest that in as well ?
or should i just save it and keep reinvesting on the 2 transactions i already made ?
please use this thread to discuss anything you 'd like !
if the devil has committed a mistake let him face the consequences .
b/o 45 keys or items equating to the value of 50 .
open to c/o 's however i 'm in no real rush to sell this item for a low price .
with snack out of the picture 3 seems to be the numbers to describe the sweet commander .
we got katakuri who specializes in observation haki and cracker who specializes in armament haki .
my theory is that smoothie specializes in conqueror haki like her mother .
each of the three sweet commanders specializes in a specific type of haki like the strawhat monster trio .
oda could possibly be saving this reveal for later for the shock factor .
additionally i also think smoothie could be hiding something like her brothers .
with katakuri actually have a gluttonous side and cracker 's real self actually hiding in his biscuit soldier smoothie could have some trait that she usually keep hidden from other people .
maybe she 's actually bald and that lustrous hair is actually a wig .
need info on traveling to revelstoke for the first time ?
for new and experienced snowboarders with any questions at all about snowboarding including gear learning what to wear where to go what terminplogy is rad etc .
please ask questions in this thread and let the r/snowboarding community help out .
this is meant as a judgement-free and welcoming environment for noobs to ask any kind of question related to snowboarding no matter how dumb it may seem .
the following post by atfs\_lab is being replicated because the post has been silently removed .
the original post can be found in censored form at this link
i have a google home in my living room and it works pretty well .
both my wife and i have come to appreciate the useful little things it can do for us .
but unfortunately the kids have also figured out that they can hey google play gangnam style !
so google suggestion we know you can recognize different voices and reliably associate them with different user accounts in fact my wife has her account set to german while mine is in english and it works perfectly .
if i were to set up accounts for my kids and train the voice models with them .
it should then be possible to have google ignore that voice maybe make this a toggle in the google home app so that you can easily switch it on and off .
that would be an amazingly useful feature for parents with small children worldwide .
a friend of mine was fired from her job as an hr rep. she is young and did n't really understand what happened .
i tried to explain but she did n't get it .
what happened is that she was working for a company that sends workers on federal jobs .
she discovered '' that an employee was actually more than one .
basically there was a guy who was working and got paid but there was another employee different name ssn but it was the same person .
she told her boss because she thought this person was ripping them off .
a month later she got canned for not being a good fit '' .
to me it is obvious what is going on .
if i am wrong an investigation will clear the company but i feel there is definitely enough to warrant an investigation .
the company was making up fake workers in order to get paid for them by the government .
my friend is too innocent to have been able to manufacture this .
it bothers me that this company is ripping off not only the taxpayers but telling young workers who are just starting their careers that they suck and firing them .
she was completely dismayed by her lost job and that makes me even angrier .
i am not sure if she has any proof still but if i can figure it out who do i call ?
i know this is old but this is probably the single best subreddit to post this in lol .
anywho when i got battlefield 4 on pc at my local game store it was 9 aud roughly the price of two medium cups of coffee .
i thought that was a stupidly good deal and had eluded to buy it up until then knowing how the game was plagued with dlcs and microtransactions but at that price i got it !
for 9 i got battlefield 4 a once 100 game .
i had the game and played it for ages .
when i got it they had released 4 of their planned 5 dlc packs but that did n't bother me because i did n't need any of their dlc packs .
i played the game for a good happy 2-3 years and after battlefield 1 's release they gave out all of the dlcs for the game for free to anyone that went into origin steam for ea games and downloaded them .
i think the pack of 4 was roughly 50 ?
anywho i got 3-4 years of fun out of a 100 game and 50 of dlcs for 9 .
i just bought this game a few days ago and already have twenty hours .
my current factory runs on a few steam generators .
my question is with all the solar panels and nuclear reactors in the game what 's the point of building them if my steam engine is enough power for my whole factory ?
i 'm assuming there 's something i 'm not understanding .
update bitconnect has announced a change in their referral program .
sponsors will get a smaller percentage of the referral investment .
we have decided to keep our bonus percentages the same till atleast the 1st of december .
if we decide to make any changes to our bonus program this will be announced on the website .
sign up before the 1st of december to be sure you 'll receive the 8 – 10 bonus .
be aware that other promotors may not have adapted to the changes in the referral program .
they may still have old information published and it is possible that their bonuses are n't valid anymore .
receive daily returns and an additional bonus using our link https bitconnect.co ? ref=bccgroupinc
we are giving back 8 10 of your initial investment to whoever signs up under our signup link and do your first loan !
meaning we 're giving you money instead of keeping it for ourself so sign up under our link !
what you see below is how much we will be returning on the x '' amount you loan !
if you lend 100 1.000 you get 8 80 8
if you lend 1.010 5.000 you get 90,9 450 9
email us at bccgroup.ref gmail.com and we will transfer your bonus to you .
please include your bitconnect username how much your first loan is worth in dollars and your bitconnect coin deposit address .
we need this information to proces the payout of your bonus .
for more information you can visit our website https bccgroupinc.wordpress.com
if you have n't signed up under someone else you can add our username as your referral .
we will refund your first loan after adding us to your account !
we will reply to your emails within 12 hours .
the most noticeable last-minute change is probably that we had to
revert the code that showed a good mhz value in proc/cpuinfo even for
it was much too expensive on machines with tens or hundreds of cpu
there 's a cunning plan but it did n't make 4.14 so we 'll get
so i realize this may be a pretty basic concept but i 'm totally stuck .
on a quiz intended to prep me for a test i was given a snippet and asked what the value of char c is after the execution .
i can see what the correct answer is but i do n't know how to get there .
so atticus ate pretty much a whole large papa murphy 's pizza last night .
luckily it was just a pepperoni pizza so nothing toxic but understandably his stomach has been a mess since .
so dogs know/can they understand that their stomach is upset because they ate the pizza ?
i simply ca n't watch videos anymore because my cpu jumps to 100 freezing it until i pause .
i also get very high ram usage then it jumps back to 20 at maximum .
mostly interested in less generic npcs and the morrowind comes alive mods !
if you have grim world then you probably know what i 'm talking about but if you do n't here 's a vague description of what i 'm talking about not sure how strict the copyright or anything is with the playbooks .
the grey prince was a being that brought death to the world at the beginning of time .
it 's an immortal indestructable being of entropy that ca n't truly be destroyed '' .
at the beginning of the world however the prince lost his right hand which he needs in order to bring back his army of the dead .
the hand is a cursed magical item with some strong effects but comes with the cost of potentially drawing the prince 's attention .
so there 's basically this immortal god-like being that wiped out life a long time ago and it 's trying to get back to do it again .
my players are getting into realms of the dead and whatnot in their current campaign so they 've been messing around with the prince 's hand and it 's only a matter of time before they roll poorly and draw attention .
so any ideas on how to implement him/his army as an antagonist ?
it 's kinda got a game of thronesy dragon age-ish feel to it but i wanted some input anyway on potential dangers ways to stop/kill him etc .
some historians have argued that the american revolution was not revolutionary in nature .
support modify or refute this interpretation using specific evidence .
for some mysterious reason i have been obsessed with learning to skate over the past week without ever having an interest in it before .
my parents still had my little brother 's board https imgur.com/a/tkdrt in their garage so i took it off their hands .
after skating for about 2 hours yesterday i am sore all over today and bruised down one side from a pretty good fall but i had a great time just learning to push and carve https www.instagram.com/p/bbbiykyg1fm ? taken-by=atomic_dynamo .
despite sitting in a hot texas garage for about 15 years my brother 's skateboard is in pretty great shape .
the bearings were not in good shape and i think i just made them worse by trying to clean them .
i went out and bought some new ones and the guy at the skate shop would n't even consider replacing any of the other parts .
that kind of service makes sure i 'll be back to get my own board pretty soon .
i 'm wore my bike helmet like a nerd and i picked up some cheap wrist guards to wear at least until i learn to fall properly .
i ca n't wait to get back out there tonight !
i 'm in a situation where i 've been ill a long time and had left my coins in coinbase at a time where they were n't worth all that much .
i changed phones since then forgetting entirely that i had two factor on when i tried to log in i was of course asked for my auth code .
so i go in to say i do n't have the phone anymore ... it asks for id .
app does n't recognize my id nor does my laptop cam my phone or tablet cam .
after many hours of frustration i 'm forced to give up .
i 've waited 4-5 days for a ticket response nothing .
this system surely needs to change perhaps allow us to upload documents as this is really unfair on people losing money .
i really need access to my funds to assist in a personal medical crisis .
so i have a loan on some agricultural land with no roi and i 'm working through baby step 2 at the moment .
would this be considered part of a mortgage/rental property type situation which should be dealt with after i have a fully funded emergency fund ?
or should i try and get it paid off as part of baby step 2 ?
i 've been paying off debt for about 4 years now and it might be nice to save for a while instead of another 6-10 months debt repayments .
has anyone been in a similar situation or heard dave talk about something like this ?
my 08 matrix came lacking a aux cable so i figured the easiest thing to do was just replace the receiver .
little did i know that aesthetics have not changed since '99 http images.bestbuy.com/bestbuy_us/images/products/7686/7686916_ra.jpg .
5 red or at least warm backlight if possible willing to consider others if overall design is great
6 matte finish would be so awesome why do more manufactures not do this ?
do you need to have the space marines codex in order to play the blood angels codex due out next month ?
i do n't play imperium so not sure how this all works ... i 'm assuming the codex will be similar to how the grey knights work so was there any dependencies for the sm codex and grey knights ?
i inhaled some nh4oh fumes in my school chemistry lab around 5 hours earlier .
my eyes stung for a few seconds but i managed to quickly get away .
every time i take a deep breath the noxious smell of the base keeps coming back but no other problems .
last year i regretted not taking the flu shot so this year i want to get it asap .
i ca n't recall but i remember hearing that the flu shot is no longer free '' and you have to purchase it now .
also where exactly do i go to get it administered ?
does brown building walk-in clinic do the flu shots for free ?
i 'm from ontario so i have my ohip card not sure if the flu shot is covered under it though .
hello everyone i returned from a long period without swimming 6 years to swim around 2300 to 3000m each class in the pool .
however my goal is too swim an open water competition in 2018 and this wednesday i am gon na do my first training in open water .
the thing i 'm concerned is the rythmyn should i start swimming in a relaxed pace or try to rush the begining and then keep it high for the rest of the circuit about 1000m .
i 'm attempting to make a career change but i have a lot of options decisions and lifestyle needs regarding the switch so i 've been searching for a career counselor '' in tampa .
unfortunately i 'm looking for someone who can/will help me through the process of making the change but everything i 've found in this area are resume services calling themselves career counselors or life coaches . ''
does anyone know of/can recommend a person or company who specializes in career counseling or even point me in a better direction ?
any strategy recommendations on how to beat stonewall action on the council campaign ?
i ca n't get anywhere near the wall to bring it all down .
my wife and i have been married a little over a year .
things have not been going well since at least a year before we got married .
there are things about her i love she 's so devoted .
she speaks the truth as clearly as she knows it .
she 's the smartest person i know which actually sometimes is hard since i ca n't keep up .
she supports me while i try to launch my own company .
she puts ideas into action and does n't just dream about them .
she has incredible visions for what can be . ''
but we just ca n't seem to find solid footing together .
that i have a strong sense of duty . ''
that i do things for others her in particular because i feel obligated not because i have their needs .
that i do a terrible job of following through on what i say i will . ''
small things like remembering to enter the destination in the gps before leaving or remembering to lock the front door before going to bed translate into being unfit to someday be a father .
if i ca n't remember little things how can i be responsible for another person ?
i 'm not romantic like i used to be .
when she tells me her needs i often get defensive .
i explain why what she 's thinking is irrational or wrong rather than listening to her .
that i 'm crazy '' and delusional '' when we disagree she claims my points are usually invalid because reference points never happened . ''
she never said things i heard her say etc .
that i have a very hard time being strong through emotion .
i take meds for depression/anxiety i run 30 miles per week i meditate i have a gratefulness journal and i still get wildly upset like someone 1/3 my age .
that i do n't feel like being romantic because i 'm hurt/drained/scared of disappointing .
i make 80 of the money in our household and it never seems like enough .
she wants to buy a car and a house and i 'm struggling to figure out how we can do that .
that i ca n't stand other 's irrational fears .
that i do n't feel heard because my views are crazy/delusional . ''
i 'm nagged anywhere from 1-10 times an hour about something else i did wrong .
i ca n't be that much of a f up right ?
i have a very hard time with the details .
i make lists reminders everything but a lot still slips through the cracks .
that i 'm instinctual i follow my gut and to be honest it usually works out great .
i 've been a very successful person with tons of great experiences .
i 've never really stopped and contemplated big plans .
that she has to do all of the planning vacations moves dates etc .
i 'll admit i gave up planning because she finds faults in my plans no matter how much fore though i devote to them .
that if can make that 180 she 'll be able to be better for me .
that she 's too much of a type-a perfectionist .
it usually starts with her saying something she needs '' from me like more attention or affection or to be more mindful about little things or big things .
then i say why what she 's saying is n't based in reality i am paying attention/i am affectionate .
it escalates and she usually says something along the lines of this is why i 'm going to divorce you and take the dog . ''
i usually break down and cry like a child .
it always ends with me apologizing and promising i 'll try to do better .
she 'll also apologize about 10 of the time for something she said not for whatever caused the argument though .
sometimes she 'll slap my arms or try to hit my face .
i do n't think it 's really abuse '' because it 's not hard enough to hurt .
but i know some people would categorize any level of violence as such so i thought i 'd mention it .
when we first started dating i saw her treat her mother with resent/contempt and it scared me .
i told her i never wanted her to speak to me the way she does to her mom .
and she tells me that i remind her of her mom and i can see why .
we 're both highly emotional instinctual people whereas she thinks through every action .
we are technically in couples counseling but we do n't go often .
usually because she 's too busy '' or does n't feel well . ''
i know it 's emotionally taxing for her to go .
no we do n't have sex very often and that 's on my mind constantly .
she used to turn down most of my advances and now i 'm too nervous that i 'll disappoint her to even try to make advances .
we used to have amazing sex so it 's a big change .
we go on dates but the romance is lukewarm at best .
tl dr wife thinks i 'm a dud and need to make a 180 .
i think she 's a perfectionist who overlooks the good in me .
trying to buy from someone other than the national chains .
bonus points if you guys know if they accept vsp as insurance
would you still build sun fire cape even if you are vsing an ap laner ?
my specialty is drawing weird monsters animals and spooky things .
it does n't have to be a usual creature i 'll make your original stuff or design something from scratch .
important to note that i will not do porn or steal other people 's designs .
if you want to commission me send me a private message .
also you 'll need to be able to send money via paypal when it is done so just a heads up .
this is the best tl dr i could make original http www.miamiherald.com/news/article184389613.html reduced by 85 .
new guidelines lower the threshold for high blood pressure adding 30 million americans to those who have the condition which now plagues nearly half of u.s. adults .
poor diets lack of exercise and other bad habits cause 90 percent of high blood pressure .
currently only half of americans with high blood pressure have it under control .
the upper threshold for high blood pressure has been 140 since 1993 but a major study two years ago found heart risks were much lower in people who aimed for 120 .
blood pressure should be checked at least once a year by a health professional and diagnosing high pressure requires 2 or 3 readings on at least two occasions .
kids should be checked at least once a year for high pressure say guidelines announced in august by the american academy of pediatrics .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.miamiherald.com/news/article184389613.html faq http autotldr.io 242176 summaries so far . ''
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords pressure 1 guideline 2 high 3 blood 4 people 5
post found in r/news http np.reddit.com/r/news/comments/7cq4dq/half_of_us_adults_have_high_blood_pressure_in_new r/autonewspaper http np.reddit.com/r/autonewspaper/comments/7cq8ue/national_half_of_us_adults_have_high_blood and r/miamiheraldauto http np.reddit.com/r/miamiheraldauto/comments/7cq53y/national_half_of_us_adults_have_high_blood .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic .
please do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
libertarians who swear by the nap are naive children who do n't realize what that would actually entail in real life .
a world without government that punishes bad actors there is no one who can enforce the nap that libertarians hold so dear .
but then you say that everyone is responsible for protecting themselves and abiding by the nap .
but be realistic there will never be a point where no one inflicts violence or aggression upon anyone else .
and if everyone is expected to fend for themselves that leaves weaker members of society vulnerable .
this may include people who are physically weaker or do n't have access to weapons .
that 's why having a central judiciary organization that creates and enforces laws that everyone has to live by is so essential .
shows how many sets the bot has for you and how many you can buy
there 's close to 40 different shirts hoodies etc .
on your shop for all of your top games but nothing available for rainbow six !
the game has come a long way in the past several years .
i thought it might be fun to imagine what it would be like if we had a time machine that somehow only sent our current sub posts to the past and how much they might sound like gibberish .
even without her burst she is worth fully diving because she is the best battery for sub-30 . ''
during drafting i think it 'd be nice to be able to mark heroes that you do n't want to pick if they 're countered by the enemy .
i 'm an avid solo arena player with over 100 games played in solo arena .
pre-skyrim expansion i would play solo arena and there was a chance to win a legendary card as part of the 9 win reward .
in the past month alone i 've had at least 20 9 win solo arena runs i believe but i do n't ever remember getting a single legendary card as a reward .
has it been altered inadvertently and just a mistake ?
per la scimmia che è in voi per condividere offerte e occasioni se smaniate per l'ultimo acquisto o per necessità
this year i figured i 'd track all 351 teams and see what teams and conferences will last the longest with a perfect season possibility .
i will probably be posting this on a weekly schedule once a majority of the teams are knocked out but with so many teams in right now i 'll probably be posting daily until the end of this week .
a note on how i 'm calculating some of my stats .
a team stops gaining wins after they lose however they can still eliminate a team after said loss .
also a school may gain a win but if that win was against a non-d1 school it will not count as an elimination .
also keep messaging me about any ideas you 'd like to see here in the future .
the nec socon and swac are the closest to elimination with 1 team remaining a piece .
big south ivy meac and patriot each have two remaining
22 monday games with 2 undefeated teams all times eastern
with 22 teams guaranteed to be eliminated at least 176 teams will be eliminated by tuesday morning .
edit forgot to include an additional acc win and elimination .
edit 2 updated rankings with ap poll that came out today
hey everyone i 've been making different salumi for a few years now in restaurants that i work at and use michael ruhlman 's charcuterie and salumi books as guidelines .
our charc-tank is looking full but our ready-to-eat bin is looking a bit light .
when i came across this problem before we had a lot of coppa that was hanging so i cold smoked it and roasted it .
kind of ended up being half dry-cured and smoked .
end product was good i was just in a pinch and needed something fast .
so the situation i am in now is a bit different .
i had salami hanging which of course has dq2 but a co-worker of mine took it down peeled the casing off and vac-packed it .
it is still a bit young a bit too soft .
i 've since just wrapped it in cheese cloth and hung it back up .
not sure what to do but we do n't want to serve it as is and we 're not sure if we can cook it right now to use for other things .
our smoker is n't built ideally.. the wood is close to the main chamber so the temperature in the smoker is n't consistent and part of our product is always hot smoked '' .
it 's getting colder now outside where we are so it 's not the worst it 's been .
or am i just wasting real-estate in my charc-tank ?
is there a way to hide emojis like ones that are from a different server when i 'm unable to use them ?
respected business blog the motley fool '' seems to think https www.fool.com/investing/2017/11/12/to-grow-virtual-reality-facebook-needs-its-own-ocu.aspx that for oculus to push vr into the mainstream it needs a solo brick mortar presence like an apple store '' ... .
my younger siblings held a singles ward game night at the family house since i was already there for dinner i stayed for that too .
thank god i 'm not in that mess anymore .
i was supposed to receive a call from my local post office almost two weeks ago and never got a call .
so i call usps one more time and they tell me that my claim was still on assign status that she will forward this issue to consumer affairs that they will give me a call on the 9th of november for sure '' .
never got a call from them and now i 'm not sure what to do .
seems like my package is lost and usps does n't want to own up to it .
i made an earlier post about how an encounter i had about a year and a half ago may interfere with me going to selection but that the way it ended seemed iffy because the nurse said that that early on it could cause me to be discharged and it just seemed like i said questionable about how it was documented .
i went to an army hospital during basic due to some behavioral health concerns that i was cleared of but it was involving suicide i was n't suicidal it was just a misunderstanding and like i said the only person i spoke to who i believe was a nurse cleared me and i never even went to a behavioral health clinic about it is n't showing up any where in my tricare blue portal records the visit is n't even showing in my encounters as if nothing even around that date happened however a psych evaluation that i had done at a bhs clinic four months later during ait for my security clearance does so it does show things related to bhs even immunizations from my second day in the army are there .
my question is if anybody has similar experiences to tricare blue missing encounters/if it 's worth going to the post hospital i 'm at to have them burn my records onto a disk for me ?
i only ask because i do n't want to cause problems with the recruiters here since i see it as no big deal because i was cleared and even in my psych evaluation for my clearance and my physical for sfas neither of the examiners mentioned anything about that visit whatsoever even when i was doing srp ii for a deployment nobody brought it up they did however bring up some pneumonia i had four months prior .
if this is n't very clear i apologize my mind is racing a little bit because i do n't want to seem like that guy '' so i 'm obviously stressing about it a little .
slightly disappointing but i tried bringing brianna ashworth with me all the way back to meagan foster but the mission forced me to leave them behind .
im about to get my first job and i want a pc thatcan run tge newest triple a games at good graphics at 60 fps .
but i need this to be in first job money range .
i 've seen a shit-ton of articles on the game saying that players are able to buy the best items in the game with real world money even after ea said that the best items would n't be able to be bought with real money .
at this rate i think have the people who write these big gaming articles look at all the youtube videos with titles saying pay to win ? ! ? ''
and do n't do any research on it and just write about it being pay to win '' .
i do n't know if i can put the names of the articles but i will try .
in june i was talked into going to the hospital for my kidney stone pain .
it was stupid of me because i knew they wouldnt do shit and i only had out of state insurance that would n't cover the bill .
i recieved a letter saying it was 500 and i honestly ignored it because my dad told me that was the price before charity care .
i should have persued it further but honestly i did n't care about anything at the time due to a deep depression .
now its been several months and while going through paperwork on my dads desk looking for a appointment reminder i found 2 unopened letters .
one from the hospital dated around august and one from what looks like the hospitals collection agency dated around sep/oct .
the first was saying i needed to pay the 500 by a certain date and the second was saying i owed 1800 by another date .
i have no idea what to do about this or what my options are .
the bill is from illinois which is where i am now a current citizen .
tell us one thing you 're worried about in the upcoming week onion and one thing you 're looking forward to orchid !
almost all the sources i 've read say they drink their caffeine very soon after taking the phenibut within 30 minutes which i assume is for the acidity to assist with the absorption .
however i also read comments that say caffeine goes very well with phenibut '' which leads me to believe that they are experiencing the stimulating effects of the caffeine along with the effects of the phenibut .
but if the phenibut is taking 2-3 hours to kick in wo n't the caffeine have largely begun to wear off by then ?
if the acidity is the reason people are drinking coffee would n't it be better to just drink something else acidic for absorption then drink coffee when you feel the phenibut kicking in for the stimulating effects ?
so my question is when do you drink coffee when taking phenibut and for what reason ?
the context in which i saw it used in was if you will be there .
about 2 weeks ago i picked up a 2000 v6 passat wagon .
there was a check engine light on for a misfire in cylinder 4 and after pulling out that plug i found it was covered in oil and it turns out all of the plugs had oil on them .
after doing some research i discovered that this is cause by bad valve cover gaskets so i replaced them .
on startup there was a pretty decent amount of smoke coming out of the exhaust after a minute or two it went away coming from what i 'm assuming was the oil that was in the cylinders burning off .
after this i got a couple codes all pointing to an o2 sensor .
all of the smoke clogged/fouled the o2 sensor causing it to go bad .
it just threw the sensor way out of wack .
so i guess my other question is do you think the sensor is actually bad or is it just not happy about all the smoke ?
i 've cleared the codes and they came back a day later
i played sf for close to 10 years and got very hype in sf4.. sfv dropped and my hope in fighting gamew died.. thanks to tekken its def been revived ! ! !
welcome to the bonfire our weekly off topic thread .
this is a place where anyone can talk about anything unrelated to dark souls and get to know your fellow undead a bit better .
be sure to check the r/darksouls/wiki page where you can find community-created tips and research threads .
you only need 10 karma from r/darksouls to contribute .
looks very similar to the vitiligo i had on my neck .
with diet change creams supplements and uvb phototherapy the patch on my neck is virtually gone now .
it 's the patches around my eyes that are taking a lot longer .
definitely see a dermatologist and get it sorted out .
i will probably just check gamewith later for the summary .
you 're in a very small minority but probably not the only one .
there are some that would be ok with it if the cost were actually lower .
but given the other mechanics in the game i think it 's pretty trash .
you 're paying credits to unlock heroes which you 'll have to unlock i again i each round through battlepoints .
plus having to get and upgrade star cards for them .
pro tip in general tall girls do n't get treated the same as short or traditional 'cute ' girls so bonus points if you dote on her feminine side .
only real difference is cuddling wise we can alternate as big spoon !
han '' as in the dynasty solo '' as in to fly alone .
the han dynasty was pre-christianity but manchu solo '' would n't fly .
... really proud totally proud '' ... who the fuck writes his speeches ?
not saying that its justifiable as i believe it should 've been an option in the vanilla game itself but if you are on pc i believe there are mods to remove the softlock .
once it is removed the combat feels much more interactive and fluid .
but it all comes down to personal taste i suppose .
they bet on the referendum being narrowly the other way .
this 100 you can tell my their faces when cameron left after they 'won ' .
that 's my story and i 'm sticking to it .
do you talk to your dates about that so that they are n't left wondering if it has something to do with them ?
pcpartpicker part list https pcpartpicker.com/list/q6bltj price breakdown by merchant https pcpartpicker.com/list/q6bltj/by_merchant
the parts i chose were either better performing or better value for money .
turn 9-5 jobs into 8-4 jobs start 8pm shows at 7pm go to bead at 11 instead of midnight etc .
human day scheduling has adjusted to having dst we can adjust back .
noon should be the middle of the day for logical reasons .
and there 's little reason to move it back if humans can adjust to having no dst .
plus moving to either permanent dst or no dst at all should require around the same amount of effort so it makes more sense to me to go with the logical way of doing it .
thanks me too i did n't know how much i missed it !
this is the same bullshit that got trump elected .
the democrates are n't trying to pass a 1.5 trillion dollar tax cut for the rich .
my first pc game ever played was fury3 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=6_8tspxluk8 .
i played the shit out of it when i was 2nd grade .
in victoria it is illegal to leave a child unattended in a vehicle under the children youth and families act 2005 .
the penalties for leaving a child unattended in a car in victoria include
hey i was passionate with programming and taught myself too .
i can see the market cooling down since any company that wanted an app probably already has one by now .
kinda like that fidget spinner craze that just passed .
my 16 common and 15 rare supply drops should give me something this epic .
normally you see some blue number rising over the unit .
magic is pretty good against them as shown in the morrowind eso trailer .
make a new balloon and say that you found it and pay off government officials to agree .
calls for a socialist state without money and distributes resources to all .
in a world so awful that is the side you choose ?
🙄 do n't choose what is by far the most unoriginal intellectually lazy way to express yourself by doing harm to others !
seriously tho people exist whose jobs it is is to help you feel better .
it 's important to get off your chest what you must .
just consider talking to someone who can help take some of the nagging stress off your back .
the growl was really impressive my girlfriend jumped the couch when she heard that .
but not just hat the intelligent class a evps the shadow figure caught on film ...
this was a great place for them to visit .
also i wish they had university professors with them more often .
p2p connection once the host leaves it kicks you out
that causes a real sense of that specific event .
the word use and the reactions leech the impossibly horrifying sense of dread that the victim felt .
they thoroughly explain in detail all the methods they use to torture this person .
for the rest its not something that is easy to read .
i just came for help and honestly i feel so constructively criticized right now .
he gets deliveries at 5:30 so 6 seems reasonable .
as far as closing time he 's still open after friday night dinners so i think closes around 11 .
it 's still a scam and people like you still fall for it .
dyeworks purple cloud castle background edit and the grey one
hopefully my voice is n't too awful but here is a video we did on the subject
it 's also worth pointing out that if you have a credit card that has price protection '' as a benefit you can purchase the phone and if the price drops within the timeframe anywhere between 30~120 days depending on card you can file claim and the credit card company will refund you the difference !
i actually learned about that on this subreddit and found out my chase sapphire card has this for up to 90 days .
so perhaps you are considering buying the v30 but think the price will go down in the next 3 months ... . your credit card can refund you the difference anyway
maybe she does and is simply hoping you did n't .
which means there an infinite amount of realities that are exactly the same as c137 rick .
i 've got a nut collector it 's the sock under my bed .
there is no count down timer for staking it is just an estimate based on the coins you own .
also the number of stakes does not matter you will get 5 a year .
if you get less stakes the award per stake is just larger .
your post is missing the demographic in the title and has been removed .
please read the title and gender guidelines listed in the sidebar r/samplesize/about/sidebar .
feel free to resubmit with the proper title though you should note that it 's a repost to avoid duplicate responses .
i do n't think it 'll really affect them other than those right in the blast .
their air quality is so bad i 'm surprised they have n't started mutating ...
can everyone just agree to buy cdpr 's next title .
the witcher 3 wild hunt was the best game i have ever played and came with so much gorgeous content and decent dlc .
i wish i could delete it all from my memory just so i could relive it for the first time all over again !
hold the wave while all whales are dumping their bch and evetually it will dip even lower ?
not calling this a pump and dump is acting by emotion and the fact that it 's half since its ath is called a minor correction '' ?
i do n't think he would show up because he would still be s minor 17 i have tried
once everyone and their mother continued buying into it it spread to other companies
but we the few know this the millions who do n't even go on reddit or have 'gamer ' friends will always go out and buy the latest title for their kids/grand kids etc
no zcash has real devs and a real community behind it .
bcash the new alt coin created from a bitcoin fork that happened in august .
they ca n't work out what to call it or what the ticker symbol should be .
it 's usually bch but because it is so confusing some people think the ticker is bcc which is already taken by bitconnect .
seems the same confused crowd calls it bitcoin cash but most people just call it bcash to save the confusion .
particularly if you think of the government mandated hours limit .
i do n't know what is your reference point but anybody who has seen the world cups before that will attest to the fact that south africa and brazil were very boring .
being better educated does n't make you elite '' .
there may be an elite '' in this country but they sure as hell are n't the hard-working informed well-educated well-meaning people who are horrified at the prospect of brexit .
well the arc was requested by the client to look like a fret board radius which is super minimal .
it looks really uneven to the eye as the f is totally to the edge and the d curves on the end it 's not neat but sadly .
what the client demands is what i give them !
programming by guess-work is not particularly effective you should really pick a good introductory c book http stackoverflow.com/a/562377/253056 and get a grasp of the basics .
also pro-tip for future reference when posting code on reddit if you indent each line of the code by four spaces then it will appear nicely formatted .
realistically should i be taking protein powder before or after i dont even know a work out ?
does it actually help with gains or is it true that its just a commercial industry that turns profit with little truth or gains ?
edit this thread is for stupid questions yet my stupid question gets downvotes ?
regarding speed and curves i have never accepted the very high speeds advertised .
there will have to be curves so the pods will have to slow down .
most freeways are reasonably straight and as they approach cities the tubes will go underground just as the train tunnels do now .
revenue will be about freight — just as it is now with trains .
if they can unload a container ship quickly and send the pods directly to the customer at hyperloop speeds the revenue will be there .
i expect that passenger service will always have to be subsidized .
regarding quickly i am hearing that it could be realistic for the abu dhabi-dubai system by 2025 .
i have driven that road — it takes about 90 minutes now and there are no real estate issues just desert and camels are all you see .
you already wasted 8 years with this guy and honestly i think you 're partially responsible i mean it should 've been a decision you took years ago .
no one has to stay in an abusive relationship for that long while their partner is clearly not making an effort to make things right .
the way i see it he wanted to be with her maybe she had someone else or maybe she does n't live him back .
it did n't work out for him and now he 's nice to you cuz maybe he regret what he 've done to you or just trying to save whatever he can .
he was and maybe still is in love with someone else .
and you deserve someone honest someone that loves you back .
there 's absolutely no guarantee that he 's not gon na change back in few months or even years who knows but i think eventually he 'll start treating you once again like shit .
so the best thing to do is leave him right away take ur time to move on then find someone you deserve .
i think the worst thing is the unnecessary suffering and death .
the hypocracy is just a cherry on the cake .
a while back but when i did it which was like 2 days ago it worked maybe it doesnt work anymore
why does it have to be black or white ?
you can still play poe on league or non-league realms after you 've finished your race .
the sky in the top half is pretty faded and do n't bother asking to see the back p it 's horrible .
just as a comparison the half-stitched blue colour under the branch to the bottom-right of the kingfisher is the same colour as the sky in the top left originally was !
when you are depressed non depressing shit seems absolutely pointless so forcing yourself to do just makes you more depressed .
depression makes your endocrine system all fucked up so you are unable to get the sufficient amount of serotonin happiness hormone from meaningful activities that 's why they feel useless .
depression feels like having your eyes open for the first time .
all the good thing in your life seem made up their importance fades you feel like an impostor while reflecting upon anything good about yourself you discover that it all just a charade .
al that is left is deep deep well of nothingness that you are unable to contain so you only choice is to isolate yourself from everyone to not expose them to this toxic blackness .
that 's how i felt up until recently sharing my feelings with others helped a lot .
no one is out there to get you no one blames you for anything they want to help .
if he continued the way he was returning last season 7.0 would n't have been overpriced .
i am sorry you went through that it seems cruel to put gynaecology patients and maternity patients on the same ward .
bitcoin unlimited tested a coin with gigabit block size .
they reached 2000 tps which is equivalent to what visa processes .
that 's gigabit now which wo n't be needed for a long time to come .
and they did that on normal 4-core intel machines with 16 gigs of ram .
so btc supporters are seriously saying that needing a 4-core intel pc with 16 gigs to run a node means bch will lead to centralization ?
please try to engage your own critical faculties on this .
meanwhile segwit and the patented side channels created by blockstream core it 's basically the same thing will explicitly lead to hubs to transfer which is centralization .
why do you think they worked so hard against 2m blocks ?
because a 2m btc would be fast in the short term 2m is n't enough for long which goes counter to the entire business plan of blockstream which will derive profit from segwit and side channels .
it 's a blend of about 10 different spices .
if you 're gon na phone it in like that you may as well use a jar of tikka/tandoori paste .
they were n't bad enough to have generic hardware and a microsd card glued to the board which contains the bios and the roms .
whereas snk just gave the license to tommo blaze and they 're the ones who cheaped out on making it .
a strong relationship with a lot of trust would need to be there .
id just hope he would either want to participate or at least hear all about it .
there are medical reasons for it i doubt many adults would pick it for anything else tbh .
already a great picture plus you caught that huge bird flying over .
probably just a seagull but it looks giant from the angle of the shot .
good sense of humor and allowing us to speak rather than just talking at us .
afaik dash is also increasing the block size to 2 mb so probably something for the big blockers
let 's be careful with the broad statements putting everyone in the same boat .
henry has himself some good models his greatgrandma a black fairy grandpa a dark one his mum an ex dark one who is married to another ex dark one his other mum the evil queen..henry got ta fall in love with someome from the dark side ! !
then in 2008 my entire family got the flu .
we just dropped like flies one after the other .
i did n't get out of bed for a week .
ever since then we line up faithfully every october for flu shots .
everybody disagrees with you and after finishing at least e2 every week to losing 6 games on the trot it clearly has .
we enjoy interacting with the community as we feel it brings us all closer together ! said mayor mcmayorface in a press conference earlier today .
it 's all subjective but forces is so far ahead of the others it 's not even a contest for me .
had everything i 'm looking for and was a blast start to finish with a stellar postgame i 'm still grinding through .
call me by your name is a strange inaccessible japanese anime nomination is unlikely .
i think you 're confusing it with this http www.imdb.com/title/tt5311514
thanks u/sdsffwe2 i have included the link with transaction details .
even if you view animals as tools you do n't see these people beating and mutilating the car they drive or the cup they drink out of just to feel better about themselves not talking about percussive maintenance that serves an obvious purpose .
this is either straight psychpathic cruelty for kicks or staged for money like some people are suggesting .
let the audit team randomly select clips and upon suspicion of cruelty the full available log can be reviewed .
say a rolling 30 day span to make storing this plausable .
fire anyone found to be abusive and file animal cruelty charges .
first of all you can solo that at level 23 .
jesus that 's more downvotes than should even be possible ...
i think someone set a few bots on this guy .
response times do n't really matter in an automated environment .
if it 's 20 ms or 5 sec you wo n't notice anyway .
i still remember the one time network ten hosted and the whole event was placed outdoors and people were sitting on bar stools and not knowing when to approach the podium and shit lol .
people do n't decide to murder people they love just like that it 's not believable and a sunshine-esque genre switch
you 'll probably find that true for most official courses .
best thing you 'll be able to do is finding a certified translator/interpreter to provide some personal tutoring courses .
if you 're only here for a week though how much time are you really wanting to spend on the course ?
what pack do you get deep sea diver from ?
also will this work with just one union attack ?
she said it 's always the most useless people who post inspirational hit '' .
it was a window into her soul i guess .
when uav is easy to get like bo1 where it was a 2 killlstreak with hardline both teams are going to have uav spam .
therefore there more map flow and less getting shot from behind .
right now it 's all about which team gets a uav first and dominate the game .
now one team has it and the other does n't which is going cause a lot of deaths from behind and unbalance flow .
i 'm from europe myself but if i look at the lower educated ones in my country which is the majority of the country they often have a bad grasp of english language .
even low educated ones here in lithuania know more than enough of good english .
the game used to be two dimensional btc up or down or move left right to altcoins .
timing the market in any regular and predictive manner is almost impossible .
does the level scaling also work with enemies on a higher level ?
meaning that they get dumbed down to your level ?
to ensure the quality of our subreddit we enforce a 250 character minimum on all text posts .
if you are asking a simple question please post it in the weekly simple questions simple answers megathread instead .
you can usually find it stickied at the top of the subreddit or if not find it here https www.reddit.com/r/summonerschool/wiki/megathreads .
if you would like to repost your question please make sure you add basic information like the champions you play your rank and specifics about what you need help with .
remember that better questions get better answers so think hard !
please note that you will need to post an entirely new thread after automoderator removal rather than just edit this post .
attempts to bypass the character requirement may result in a ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/summonerschool if you have any questions or concerns .
woman live longer than men but men ... men have more fun !
why ca n't she go back on the pill if her periods are that bad ?
also 6'and i was looking for fleece lined leggings .
finally scored at the 3rd store we went to and only 7.99 !
also my aunt gave me a pair of pants the other day and they are st. john 's bay ultra tall .
that was me going through every hero from release and back checking whether they have knockbacks and ults .
i 've always imagined it would be like rubber with a sandpaper skin .
i 've just heard from people in this subreddit that if you post a picture with a code a bot can grab it and enter it in a split second
man i 'm sorry you have to deal with that dynamic i had to go through that in the military .
unfortunately that dynamic is common but it does n't make it right .
what 's happening is that when a man fucks up it 's because he 's a fuck up but when a woman fucks up it 's because she 's a woman and it reflects on all the women in the office .
that is why they are holding such a toxic view .
it does n't excuse their own toxic behavior but that is where they are coming from .
you 're going to have ride the tiger between the two .
it 's probably some side project that some random rich guy is doing to pretend he has a business .
i remember the blushes in the tiny round containers that opened with a small silver button they looked like little stopwatches .
and the thickest gloopiest glosses you could imagine and they smelled like cotton candy .
in 2004 or so theirs was the first liquid eyeliner i tried on in an effort to look more grown up. it took me ... a little while to get the hang of it .
superstore and sobey 's have cooking classes you can sign up for !
me thinks i need to buy another raccoon lovey ... he 's got two foxes which appear to be interchangeable ... but only one raccoon .
whenever i 'm angry there 's nothing like chucking one dude into another dude .
she doesnt care about her image as an actress .
the reason why i think she is awesome and fit with variety show .
because of instead of being reasonable and understanding that it 's best for her for her kids and for him and move on she floods the thread with but why wo n't he compromise ?
i would compromise '' but why wo n't he at least try to get to know my kids ?
my previous boyfriends like them more than they did love me they 're so awesome '' but why wo n't counseling be a good option ?
but why wo n't he accept me not only having children but also adoring said children ?
she is n't trying to understand his point of view .
i do n't really know and no one else either what she 's getting out of this post .
from my point of view any parent should shield their kids from people who do n't want to even tolerate said kids .
she is insisting that because she 's hurting and he 's hurting there is a way around his childfreedom .
we have reasonable non cf women on the sub .
it 's because she acts like a teenager who is living her first love after hooking up once while she obviously have a love/sex past .
i do n't know why i find this so funny but i do
even if no plate is involved they tend to grow back stronger .
because if that 's the case just look for a guy who wants an open or poly relationship .
i truly do n't know😂 i thank my parents 🙏🏽 this https imgur.com/a/wnl1g is what it used to look like but i cut them off cause they turned into dreads😂
sorry that last one was me showing off a bit
i was taught a similar method years ago in hawaii no less at about 20 degree lat and have no retina damage .
the method is to do it int he morning or evening not around noon keep eyes closed and roll eyes all the way back so the sunlight goes through the eyelid and through the whites of the eyes .
do n't believe me though conduct your own investigation !
do you really think the laginas would allow a clause in the contract for the rights to revert after he died ?
he was an old man which i have no doubt is part of the reason nolan even started working with them .
cover it with a towel when you do n't use it .
also washing your hands with soap and water before using it helps keeping the keycaps stay clean longer as well .
it may sound a bit obsessive but it really makes a difference .
... new music from my band which this account is sort of made to post about .
i do n't know the clickbaitiest way to title it to piss off regulars so this is the best i can do right now .
pedals being used in this video are just the boss dd-6 digitech nautila the vox vdl1 dynamic looper and the ditto x4 .
i looped one non-synced part on the ditto and used some of the hold glitch effects on it as well as some of the glitcher settings on the vdl1 for the second layer .
the vdl1 is relatively new and i do n't really have a place for it yet since there 's so much control .
on that tapping part in the beginning i accidentally turned on a wah effect that 's in the looper so that 's weird .
it 's a cool looper capable of some crazy stuff .
restating the position does n't explain why the determining factor ... should never be how much money you were willing to spend . ''
well put simply if you want something to be competitive in any sense then you need it to be at least somewhat fair and on even grounds .
not everyone has the same ability to afford those things and as such it 's not fair meaning the competition suffers .
since pvp is by nature centered around a competitive core it damages the game overall .
by the way destiny does n't just sell cosmetics .
mods have a real effect on gameplay both pve and pvp .
the only mods i know of are rares and i do not care about those since there 's no choice in what you get and they can be bought for cheap in game anyways .
you should n't get a dog at all if you need to leave it alone from 8am to 7pm that 's far too long for any dog .
if i 'm misreading and you intend on doing daycare or having a dog walker and even then that schedule 5 days a week is a bit intense then the only breeds you have listed that might work would be a french bull dog or a pug .
these are low energy companion breeds but they will also struggle to do hiking or anything prolonged due to their smooshed faces that making breathing difficult and overheating likely .
i 'd have pet insurance with either of these .
the other breeds are all far too high energy and intelligent to be left that long or remotely content with an hour of exercise per day they 'd need about three times that for starters .
because there 's no way she could be getting rodded down by some other guy while i 'm doing coke off my secretary 's tits on one of my business trips '' .
yeah but have you seen how good our practices have been
if it means they lose to florida 3 times sounds good to me .
questionable was that the tiebreaker system was glitched what should n't happen in 100k quali tournament .
feel really bad for people who dropped earlier if not gameking who convinced me to play i wanted to drop too after loss at 4-2 score
all the good celebrities are either dead or pedophiles .
neo nazis who are us citizens have been murdering their fellow citizens and half the country is ok with this apparently .
oh and the market is going to get its asshole wrecked next year .
i mean what if their preferred pronoun is one of those words ?
for example i was talking to god the other day ''
if i understand correctly justin is creating original music for tu dance for their show .
they 're a modern company and they 're pretty amazing .
i 'm not sure if the music is being performed live or not .
but i do n't think it 's bon iver 's music that we already know .
i 'm sure it will still be phenomenal i would love to be there if i was closer !
and i only breath through my mouth when my sinuses are acting up .
damn this just made me realize i 'm pretty much the age he was when he committed suicide .
obviously my life is going much better happiness-wise but dang he created a long-lasting franchise and arguably genre when he was still very young .
fuck you dt i trade you and a super rare td comes against me .
and brees the running man can fuck off too along with tom savage and watson 's weak ass ligaments .
along with alfred morris who can sniff a shit .
big fuck you to goodell for being a snatch hole and banning my precious zeke .
for some reason seeing him actually point instead of the knifehand makes me uncomfortable .
eh he could come back afterward i believe best has already been in the military .
game 's still kicking 20 years later in korea safe to assume it 'll keep going .
more or less but with people who could really be called the global poor ''
all it takes is a socially awkward developer and being a moderator on a handful of websites and one can hijack the coin that will displace the most powerful force on this planet the world banks ?
looked up a video of some guy fighting riddler and a separate video of the ending .
i 've glowed up quite a bit but i think i 've still got some more left to come especially in the area of facial hair hopefully
molecular biology is a bundle of shit to study but otherwise fine
i figured as much but i did n't construct the shower nor do i have the knowledge of how to change the nipple .
can someone add chaz green sitting in a lawn chair in the background tanning ?
i thought this was gon na be some handwarmers joke when i first saw the clip .
engineer here good thing scientific consensus is n't decided by the number of people who visit a website .
when working with children you have to let them come to you .
idk how i forgot about that but i did .
i do n't see them making a deep playoff run but they seem to keep the ball rolling sometimes
at least pole knows his mail order bride is std free 🤣
but most detachables sport the same u series cores cpus as laptops like the spectre .
now cooling is another conversation altogether but spec to spec there are detachables that are just as powerful as full laptops .
i think using the oven is a bad choice .
we get it you 're another th8 who has no use for pink elixir we all have talked about it .
i thought this was going to turn into wishing the music would stop 😂
the denver broncos are such a fucking wet fart man
when i first started shaving i exclusively used wilkinson sword razors .
my preference was a disposable razor that came in a pack of maybe 4 and they were less than 1 each .
the razor had a single blade and gave the best shave ! ! !
i could never understand how that one blade disposable razor for 25 cents back in the 90 's could give a better shave than modern razors with 4 blades ... my eyes have been opened !
well unless your in nys where you have to do it 6 months early .
i like michigan 's system where you can pick on the day of just by asking for the ballot from x party .
it allowed my folks to try to stop bush in 2000 by throwing a vote to mccain .
but then to go back to voting for dems in 04 and beyond .
like steak tender ... but they 're termites so they consume wood ... so the bar tender ... ..maybe
i just got done binging these and i totally agree with you .
had a friend get hiv that did n't show up on the initial screening .
who are you calling 'the right ' in canada ?
i 'm in alberta so probably much more exposed to it than most and i have n't seen this here in day to day .
put on my bootleg jays and i boarded the train .
bingo a childless home is much easier to keep tidy not to mention 2-4 hours of homework baths etc .
i expected to be responsible for most of the housework i just asked for help like on weekends ... .
i️ really hope so because i️ think that was part of why some people went so hard in cambodia .
so 39 thousand out of 20.4 million total veterans is a majority of vets being barely able to be a part of society '' ?
you clearly are n't much older than a highschooler at least in maturity and world experience .
i 'm done arguing with someone who has to resort to insults when they try to debate what they have no actual knowledge of .
i said it before but i 'll say it again congratulations !
i ca n't imagine what your body and mind goes through during a triathlon .
emily garthwaite https static1.squarespace.com/static/56b5e76c746fb91846f3ba20/56b5f720859fd0cce7fd23e1/5989bee37131a5dd4b5c33db/1507478856573/varanasi_4_emilygarthwaite.jpg specializes in travel photography and portraits .
i 'm a huge fan of her use of staging and color .
1 https www.booooooom.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/emilygarthwaite6.jpg 2 https i-d-images.vice.com/images/articles/meta/2015/10/26/untitled-article-1445854404.jpg ? crop=1xw:0.84375xh center center resize=0 3 https www.booooooom.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/emilygarthwaite9.jpg
parker j. pfister http www.parkerjphoto.com wedding and portrait photographer based in asheville nc .
i was drawn to how his images have a ghostly almost ethereal quality to them not just from the cameras/lenses he uses but how he chooses to shoot the first image that pops on his site is an example of this .
1 https format-com-cld-res.cloudinary.com/image/private/s oad9bydz c_limit g_center h_65535 w_1600/a_auto fl_keep_iptc.progressive q_95/5308-8686303-cover01.jpg 2 https filtergrade.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/11-2.jpg 3 https format-com-cld-res.cloudinary.com/image/private/s vdxmddh c_limit g_center h_65535 w_700/a_auto fl_keep_iptc.progressive q_95/5308-157356-blogshow1104_054.jpg
yousuf karsh http dujye7n3e5wjl.cloudfront.net/photographs/1080-tall/time-100-influential-photos-yousuf-karsh-winston-churchill-28.jpg probably my favorite portrait photographer .
1 http 121clicks.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/yousuf_karsh_07.jpg 2 http www.apag.us/apagwp/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/yousuf_karsh_princess_grace_1956.jpg 3 http 6xo1d4dup9p2shc6b25okj94.wpengine.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/karsh_grey_owl.jpg 4 https timedotcom.files.wordpress.com/2015/01/150127-karsh_crawford_joan_1948.jpg ? quality=85 w=444
there is a specific form of sacrifice to moloch and they do that mock sacrifice at bohemian grove to moloch .
those that hijacked the hebrew culture changed a lot of things .
for instance lucifer is a latin term and epithet for vesper or hesperos which means evening .
king james added lucifer into isaiah for the morning star .
in ancient hebrew lucifer was known as the fallen angel orias .
as a non mormon named ryan i feel left out .
report bug problems '' ... bitch that 's what we are doing ... leaving a negative review with all the bugs pushes the devs to build a better game ignoring all the issues and kissing the devs ass will forever leave the game as a shit one .
the only way for this game to improve is if we criticize it .
so i 'm sorry but if i payed 30 dollars and this game is definitely not worth 30 dollars and it 's pretty shit for what i payed i 'll will leave a negative review with all the reasons for it being shit in the hopes that it improves and my 30 dollars are n't wasted .
it 's the longest amount of time they can keep you after a request for a release .
the rugged body on frame in the crown vic did both
edit minimized total damage to the car for less serious accidents of course and saved the occupants .
that 's hard if he is confident he will make it known .
if not he will either get nervous around you or become a lot funnier then he normally is .
it i hilarious watching this big ass spoopy phantom swing his hammer at the speed of sound .
might accidentally inhale it or it might fall out any get stuck in your hair or bedlinens .
swallow it if you do n't want to get up to toss it
you were saying that people should not be allowed to enjoy the vanilla content game design and spirit without also having to suffer its rough edges .
there is no reason these rough edges could n't be sanded out while still retaining the gameplay experience that made vanilla so special to many players .
a lot of qol and i mean true qol not the bullshit some people try to slip by as qol in these threads changes were already made in vanilla such as the key ring wand auto-shotting toggle or buyback .
there 's no reason not to bring over similar qol changes from future expansions where applicable and reasonable because they do not affect actual gameplay and are only a net positive for user experience .
i only used those and got a 258 but remembered at least 5 questions i could have gotten right if i had been better prepared .
hy guys i have noticed a lot of lod issues on the ground of many areas .
i read that many others users are afflicted by this .
this issue started with frozen wilds installed and it 's visible in the main game .
i 'm pretty sure that the issue was not present before .
but it 's very distracting and it 's a shame because the game is a technical masterpiece .
that way it does n't seem like a chore or something you have to do .
joining a team or club for whatever sport.. ball hockey running kickboxing hiking tennis ... whatever !
will get you your exercise and have the added mental benefits of improving a skill and socializing with people who sharea common interest .
some of my favorite content in the game is in the dlc so waiting for the goty edition probably is the smart move .
it certainly is n't a perfect game but i had a ton of fun with it .
i do n't mind if they sell stuff that saves you time but the resources from the shop are n't really for saving time but for accessing them sooner or getting them right when you need more .
if you compare the plat to how little time you need to actually farm the stuff it 's laughable .
i remember i got 8000 after doing my first two missions on saturn .
i guess that would 've made them more likely to interpret as a mood problem .
were you actually depressed at the time or was there another motivation behind the attempt if you do n't mind me asking ?
i suggest to learn the mode and the meta first then to ask questions about things like counters .
if you are new to duel look up nshadows tierlist or something of the sorts and watch videos on it .
great pair of getaway sticks but i 'm so tired of country '' stars whose accents '' show up randomly within their music .
he also only threw the ball 55 yards on that play .
i have friends with that kind of arm strength .
every news agency i see is reporting the statute of limitations has passed for roy moore .
if you have a news source disputing that post it .
well from what the anime has shown i think itsuki is only basing his opinion off haruto 's description of her .
i do n't get the impression that they 've actually met .
i 've poorly spent 10 bucks on overpriced coffee at starbucks .
it seems like a great game and new classes coming out constantly .
thats why i was curious and wanted to try it out myslef .
maybe ill do the free week trail and see what happens .
just dunno if leaving the game on 24/7 is a good idea but then i wont progress as far from the little amount of time i can play everyday .
like what was nurse doing when he gave up that breakaway .
i 'm hearing people say he 's our best defender he just got bailed out by pakarinen playing better d .
the first pc game i played was hard hat mack on the commodore 64
when the guy was thanking me for leaving the note he said i restored his faith in humanity .
i was like wtf who would n't leave a note and he answered with everyone else . ''
lol apparently it 's not the first time his car has been dinged in a parking lot .
it became obvious in the first they were selling out to stop him instead of feeding into it the completely changed the game plan .
i remember hanging with my crusty friends when they were pumped on days 'n daze ramshackle glory etc .
more folk than folk punk but she 's definitely been in the train scene or something you do n't just casually get a face tat like that .
please respond with done '' when complete so we can check this one off the list !
ssd prices were much lower 12 months ago than they are now edited for clarity and spelling .
who thought this stupid sunday night football intro was a good idea ?
you never know it might be the last chance you get to do it for a while .
peace and love after the 23rd of october nothing will be signed
i 'm a guy that plays mercy pretty often and had a guy harassing me about how i was the first male mercy main he 's ever seen and essentially tried to emasculate me for it .
the weirdest encounter i 've ever had in this game .
it 's almost to the point where i genuinely think people hate mercy more than the people playing her so they lash out regardless of who is playing her .
really try and package him to a top team .
he 's a turbo boost to whatever team has him for the championship game .
shame to give zeke coming back with a grudge in the biggest game of the season away for free .
plus is there still a chance they get the suspension reduced ?
i thought they were going to fight for that .
i usually do n't get annoyed by anyone in rt but chelsea was just constantly screaming and shouting not fun to listen to .
your submission was removed because it looks like you 're posting music without a correct title .
does it have spaces around the dash and does it have the genre ?
forgetting these points are almost definitely why it was removed .
you will need to delete this post before submitting again click on delete above .
if you are not posting music please resubmit with the appropriate tag in the title
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
do you know if the demo is only for pc or if it works on console too ?
uhh yea what does oakland being ghetto have to do with multiculturalism .
do you think oakland is a bunch of black gangsters shooting white people lmao ?
and oakland is so bad because of the war on drugs mainly thats what started it being so bad .
that only an accidental dart throw would make someone move there ?
here is the link to the original comment thread .
https www.reddit.com/r/bitcoin/comments/7cl8a7/bitcoinorg_owner_desires_to_changeamend or you can comment here to start a discussion .
i would keep that jacket stored away safely to preserve it .
i always felt like that guy had to be fucking with everybody .
very active on both sides with a good amount of cross guild and cross faction events
haha yeah ... one time i was visiting relatives and i wore a white babydoll style dress .
my cousins daughter told me i looked like a giant diaper .
there 's a choking up happy cry moment in the movie warm springs '' .
go to radiology they will but copies of your mris on a cd you can most likely get it same day .
initially it was an optometrist that diagnosed dry eye .
he prescribed using patanol and when that did n't work he referred me to an ophthalmologist .
i 'm not supposed to use the maxidex for longer than 2 weeks .
my eyes have been particularly bad lately so i started using maxidex twice a day since last week has n't been longer than a week now .
relestat twice a day morning and evening generally without maxidex .
the maxidex used to burn when i put it in but does n't do that anymore after using for a week .
it seemed to help somewhat although i was taking 2 tablets morning and evening which i 'm told is excessive .
i had bad acne as a teenager and was on accutane for 2 years from age 16 .
i 'm not sure of there is a causal relationship but it seems my eye troubles started after that age 19/20 .
um there are a lot but to name a couple the hr is high rev so the rev limiter is 7500 rpms .
also the motor itself is stronger and produces a little more hp and more torque across the rpm range .
the hood for the hr also has a bulge .
i say 100 pay up a bit and go with the hr .
the only con is if you plan on going f/i turbo kits and superchargers will be more expensive than opposed to the de
the original target was people who could use one of those and then it became a fad and every chinese knockoff company flooded the market .
once it got to the point where every little kid with access to the internet had them mainstream media picked up on it and then it lost its cool .
there are a number of people who could use something like that as a simple low-noise distraction that they can use with one hand .
looks like they will be going back to clicking bic pens and tapping random songs out on desks .
he did have one of those moments during the game lol but he also scored one .
i absolutely agree my local tournaments generally do bo1 so matches can often go either way although i feel bo3 would definitely change things .
you seem quite knowledgeable on the subject so i 'd like to ask do you believe cell/vegito are overpowered as some say ?
i 've only played against them a few times and did n't find this to be the case but it was only against a small handful of people and my current time with set 2 has been rather limited so i 'm curious to know !
what i 'm hearing is that since frost cut from the chip kelly mold that he should just stay at ucf because his offense wouldn t work on the big stage right ?
if you believe this is a mistake please message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fhardwareswap .
waddle is a great dad taking time at work to play with his son
i have had a 6d since it was released and have not had any issuee .
the light weight has helped when travelling and i 've made good use of the wifi and app for remote shooting .
having the camera hung out mean it was hard to adjust settings/view images but by using the app i had no issues !
not sure if the sony has a similar feature ...
but since canon has a great lens library and from the other comments here i would say go for the 6d !
well then it should say team leader becomes singular bind immune '' not team leaders plural become ... '' since the friend is technically a leader as it utilizes its leader skill .
i think it 's just because people like the sound of it still .
as for the world being bizarre that might have been the wrong word .
it 's more a mixture of strange and normal as represented by the two kinds of 'anomalies ' of this world the reality breaker and the reality repairer .
i have confidence in the idea i just need to write it !
i 'm not sure if you 've smoked too much weed or just explained string theory .
this is certainly true so it pales in comparison to florida state however everybody expanded the schedule at the same time though ccgs started in different years .
alabama was the first to do it under the 12 game schedule and they 've all had the chance .
here 's a picture/gif of a cat http random.cat/i/ayags.jpg hopefully it 'll cheer you up .
hey can you tone it down with the physics lingo we 're all laymen here
i hate the crappy stuff that 's put in before selling .
my first was doom 2 on a pc runing win95 d good old days
fascinating how moses took on extremely powerful interests and won for a time .
as far as robotics shirts go that 's pretty cool shame they messed it up .
if you 're not concerned about legality google 3d online films '' .
i 'm not so much worried about tenants leaving early thus terminating a lease but more worried about staying without paying and me having to evict them .
oddly i did find things on his background search that allowed me get needed info to help me make a proper decision .
if i encounter anything like this again i will request a co-app with a real credit score and other thingd that can be verified easily .
i live in portland there are a lot of references here .
when they toured through in june john sang we shall all be healed and told the story of finding the building he lived in back in the 80s and walking inside and touching the old doorframe that still had a mark that was left on it when he lived there .
i 've walked up and down that street so many times it was amazing to realize i have seen the place where part of one of my favorite albums was set without even knowing it .
oh shit i wan na stay awake when this hits 100k it will be like our generations moon landing ... or close to that
fitness subreddit for information and discussion for people looking to put on weight strength and muscle .
bot created by u​ el_loke feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=el_loke subject=trendingcommenterbot 20feedback
very well all of that can be arranged '' maelora said as she pressed the hightower seal into some wax .
we are prepared to offer full pardon and clemency to any and all who willingly confirm their fealty to house hightower . ''
nestor did not take all of the cavalry with him and we have plenty of archers and infantry besides '' maelora continued hiding a quiet yawn behind a pale hand .
so you may take with you whomever you believe would be best suited to assist you in your task . ''
130 gram all purpose flour 2 teaspoons raw cane sugar 1 teaspoon salt spices you like !
mix everything but the cornflakes in a bowl and add water til you get a thick but still runny consistency .
break the cornflakes in smaller pieces in another bowl .
add the cauliflower to the batter and cover them well .
add them to the cornflakes and also cover well .
i imagine curry yes kd is a good lieutenant ''
oh i do n't know denial can be deeeeeep .
i 'm in my late twenties and only realized i 'm also into women this year .
i looked back at high school and thought huh i think i acted so crazy and jealous bc i was in love with her. and also realized i had these really specific memories of when friends looked especially beautiful .
hot damn i 've always been into women how about that.
mine were the newest ones and i got them last february .
i skated in them a lot and got more powerful than the boot could handle .
the nylon or whatever it is started crumpling where my foot flexes .
the last few times i was out on them it was actually probably irresponsible of me to be doing it considering that i make a living from manual labor and an injury outside of work would have serious ramifications .
one of my favorite things though is that the runners actually glide on the ice because of nicer steel .
i can play more often and not be exhausted and work now .
'' so it 's really easy to look back and say none of the laws we have in place or none of the background checks could have stopped this .
so ... let 's speculate as to what laws may or may not stop crime and do n't bother with any data .
if we 're going to play what ifs on this one then we do n't really need crime statistics data .
dude was a prohibited person but passed a background check anyway because the air force did n't pass on his conviction .
dude harassed his ex wife and made multiple threats against her snuck guns on to an air force base and threatened officers and escaped from a mental hospital .
he should n't have to roam free in the first place .
this is 100 a case of the government failing to enforce the laws we already have .
criticized those including president donald trump who have focused solely on mental health issues after the shooting .
while she admitted mental health does often play a role in such attacks she said leaders should also look to restrict access to high powered weaponry .
so ... we 're bad for focusing on an element that does play a role on shootings ...
and we need to look into restricting access to weapons that the supreme court has ruled as protected ?
so they 're saying we need to look into restricting things that are constitutionally protected .
worse than that they 're saying we 're wrong for trying to address the number 1 contributing factor while they ignore the fact that our existing laws were enough to prevent the shooting if they had only been enforced .
if any other consumer product resulted in a fraction of the injuries and deaths that guns do collier said we would be scrambling to find solutions.
and does n't even bother to mention actual data .
this data from the cdc shows that guns are used 300k times a year to create crime but 500k to 3mil times a year to stop crime .
do n't forget they are ignoring cars and since they 're wanting to ban rifles hammers knives ladders and swimming pools .
so ... all emotion ... no data ... not even bothering to pay attention to supreme court rulings on constitutionally protected rights .
i want someone to practice/improve on someone who understands i 'm at my happiest sucking cock .
someone willing to understand that i like to take my time and learn slowly .
as a bonus they 'd get to cum everyday into a warm mouth .
purchases game from consistently shitty company that makes consistently shitty games before going online and making sure it was n't shitty before you bought it
you pull painters tape in the direction you are removing it and try to keep your hand as close to the wall as possible say within 20 degrees .
the forbidden usa oem replica hard top can be fitted with the honda hardware including the forward and rear latches .
forbidden will install the rear defroster glass for you if you ship it to them or at least they did for me .
their mold is made using the honda hard top as a template so the fitment is the same .
a very small amount of creativity is required though the honda hardtop is conductive and used to ground the defrost circuit .
you have to bypass it to ground the defroster e.g .
conor jumps the fence and herb tries to take his back but conor lands a spinning back elbow before they are separated .
conor is livid and has to be dragged off shouting pink hearts yellow moons ... .you 'll never get me lucky charms ! ! ! ''
yeah someone told me that already wasn'r around at that time thanks !
i think its cool and needed but honestly i dont think most people care there will be a niche for it but people only care about return for the most part .
the only thing i think about when i imagine being raped is pain not psychological damage .
but i would imagine most rapes are not anal so its not really a fair comparison .
a straight girl gets vaginally raped is quite a bit different than a straight guy gets anally raped by another guy .
if it didnt hurt much i dont think i would make a big deal out of it .
it might me on my mind for some period of time but after a year it will be just an unpleasant memory im not going to make that experience define me as a person .
from what i have heard he had a mental breakdown or something which shows from how he played that game .
side note as a fan of iowa state i dream of the year where we can do well and have the same quarterback for a whole season .
you mean the sanctions he has neglected to enact ?
i️ really am curious what will get the ball rolling in impeachment a bit faster .
btc going back to it 's real price around 250
so i 've been dealing with a new ad after one basically shut me down over asking for a 200 discount paying cash .
go to the new ad and they have literally nothing in stock .
is this just a rolex tactic to create false demand ... am i just dealing with bad ads ... is it me ?
hey do you have the blnr i know the answer to this i mean come on it and the ceramic daytona are the most popular models now
you do n't have the sold out models with months long waiting lists .
then the ad tries to sell me the gold daytona .
they had plenty of gold pieces but essentially no sport models in steel .
is this just what buying a new rolex is like ?
like percentages of each rank and stuff just wondering as an 18 before the reset .
i have finished the campaign first time i 'm at level 61 wizard what do i do next any tips
as the title states i want to know is that even possible .
i 've tried all sorts of things and apparently my google-fu is n't strong enough .
also tried to create two shortcuts one for deleting old file system object and second for pointing to url but it does n't seem to delete the fso shortcut at all .
i 'm pretty much a newbie on creating gpo 's created just one at work that works but having problems with this one .
need info on traveling to revelstoke for the first time ?
for new and experienced snowboarders with any questions at all about snowboarding including gear learning what to wear where to go what terminplogy is rad etc .
please ask questions in this thread and let the r/snowboarding community help out .
this is meant as a judgement-free and welcoming environment for noobs to ask any kind of question related to snowboarding no matter how dumb it may seem .
so recently i encountered a weird problem that i ca n't seem to figure if it 's something to do with my riding pattern or the bike .
the bike stalls frequently when in low speeds unless the rpm is really high .
accelerating just stops working and the motorcycle jerks toward stopping but when i feel like this is happening me flicking the switch blocking the airway from the air filter it resuscitates and then i have to flick the choke to off for it to work as normal .
i 'm not sure if this is spark plug issue a air filter issue carb issue jet float valve compression etc .
what i know is i 've cleaned air cleaner retighten all the bolts connecting the carbs cleaned the jet and increased the petrol intake by setting that small washer thingy it one notch down .
i really want to figure this out but by myself .
update i replaced the spark plugs a while back still behaves the same way !
i 'm looking to roleplay as two girls coming to experience a guy together and explore their bisexual side .
whether one is already sure and is trying to convince the other or the opportunity just fall into their laps whatever the case i 'd like the two of them to get into some messy fun .
from my partner i 'm looking for someone slightly more dominant .
someone that encourages them to play with each other while pleasing him or even just straight up tells them what to do .
i 'm open to bondage and pet play and stuff like that .
i 'd love to explore cumswapping and cumplay in general sloppy blowjobs anal 'forced ' lesbianism maybe ageplay .
the best price with coupon sanrenmu 7065 suc-xl knife http couponsfromchina.com/2017/11/14/sanrenmu-7065-suc-xl-knife-coupon-price-gearbest great !
hey guys i just realized that there is no uicideboy page on da wiki .
is there a reason for it or are we just a lazy community ?
read reddit 4 years but registered only now to ask this
the graphics in the campaign are making my jaw drop .
does anyone have a high quality scan of the front of the dvd or blu-ray cover for komg ?
i do n't have a scanner and ca n't find a good quality scan online so thought i 'd ask here before shelling out and buying a scanner just to scan one cover .
why did n't you include that in your fucking apology statement you slimy piece of shit ?
i played semi-regularly a while back and randomly thought of this place again and wanted to get back into it .
long story short i ca n't access my old account .
password was changed without my knowledge and i 've long since abandoned it .
i had about 1 million np and i know that 's not a ton but it was a lot for me lol .
apparently i have an account i made but forgot about so i 'm coming back with about 200,000 np and access to all rarity items basically .
what i came to ask is what is a good way to get np back ?
most of the np i had on my old account was dailies and selling .
what should i start doing to get some income going ?
i never did battledome before but i 'd love to try .
i just need to figure out how to get into it .
i already have forgotten shore a couple of pieces of the secret lab and a piece of the petpet lab .
i ca n't remember how i got them or where to get the rest .
i just know i want my pirate draik back from my old account .
did n't realize how lucky it was to get on from the shore .
any other tips or advice would be greatly appreciated !
https goodsmileshop.com/en/category-root/nendoroid/nendoroid-kongo-kai-ii/p/gsc_nen_wd_00845 ? site=goodsmile-global lang=en utm_source=gscmm001 utm_medium=mm2017-11-14 utm_campaign=http goodsmileshop.com/en/p/gsc_nen_wd_00845 is everyone ready for it !
【preorder】orders can be placed between the 14th november 2017 tue from 12:00jst until the 14th december 2017 thu at 12:00jst .
i have reached a new development in my spiritual journey that is exciting but is also frightening me a little and i am seeking some advice .
for context i bought a half oz of mushrooms about 10 weeks ago and ate them all in 4 sessions within the span of 5 weeks .
doses ranged between 2.5-4.5grams which is the most i 've ever taken .
eating shrooms helped me acquire a grateful and appreciative perspective of how perfect nature is and i 've felt very happy ever since .
i have n't had any psychedelics in the past 5-6 weeks at least aside from smoking weed .
in the past 2 days i 've had bizarre visions unlike anything i have ever experienced and i will try my best to describe them .
2 days ago i was smoking weed on my balcony and i felt like i was literally talking to the universe .
i would ask a question in my mind and i felt like i got back an immediate insightful answer that emerged from my soul .
this is kind of new to me so i was filled with joy and felt encouraged .
this went on for about 10 minutes and i decided to remain in my chair after i finished smoking to meditate as i felt like i was sitting with a powerful presence .
i slipped into a meditative state more rapidly than normal and felt dragged through this spiralling vortex .
this experience has happened to me before both on mushrooms and through meditation but it had n't happened to me for a while .
i was excited and tried to relax and follow the vortex to where it was leading me .
the vortex was like a regular mental image which is different from the visions that i will describe soon .
out of the vortex came these spinning patterns that seemed to be made out of fingers ?
the spinning patterns shot from the vortex and seemed to go straight into my eyes i would almost flinch at the speed of these patterns that appeared to be heading straight for me .
i tried to relax and focus on the spinning patterns but that just made me spin faster .
i had visual experiences like this on mushrooms but never experienced anything like this after just smoking weed .
it was like the vortex was in the background and the spinning patterns were right in front of my eyes too close for comfort .
like the regular image was being seen from a different perspective than the spinning pattern was seen .
i was really excited about this but i had to head inside as my roommate came home and i felt completely out of it sitting on the balcony still previously i had only meditated in my room .
the next evening i blazed some more and had this strange feeling come over me like i was beginning to meditate without trying to .
the feeling grew in strength until i felt like i needed to lie down and meditate instead of playing nhl so i went to my room .
as soon as i lied down and closed my eyes i got these intense visions of an older man 's scowling face with a large grey beard .
these visuals were similar to spinning patterns of the day before as they appeared to shoot directly into my eyes instead of a normal mental image where i feel like i am at a perspective that is further back from what i 'm imagining .
most people do n't imagine a man 's face from 1-2 inches away they imagine it from a perspective far enough away to see the whole man 's face but this was n't how it was happening for me .
the man 's face appeared to zoom in and then come back again all within a second and the effect was making me feel dizzy and it felt unpleasant .
after 20 mins of trying to get used to this the vision began to weaken and i got up to resume playing nhl .
here is where things started to get very strange .
while i was playing nhl i could see the man 's face pop up and zoom in again all within the span of 1 second and then the face would reappear and zoom in again .
except here is the really bizarre aspect i could see both the tv screen and the man 's face at the exact same time ... neither image appeared to be transparent and they were definitely overtop one another at the same time yet i could see both clearly .
i have been trying to understand how this is possible and i have never had a vision that i could see with my eyes open before .
could it be the 3rd eye seeing the mental image of the man 's face while my normal eyes were seeing the tv ?
it lasted for maybe 3-5 minutes before the image of the man 's face subsided and it has n't come back 24 hours later .
i was baked for both experiences so i am taking a break from weed and all other substances for a while so i can focus on meditation and learning more with all my spare time .
part of me is excited about this as i have longed to experience some of the mystical things i have read about and i want to grow closer to the creator .
another part of me is a bit afraid of the similarities between what i am describing and psychosis so i would appreciate some knowledge if anyone else has experienced something like this .
it was a little hard to put into words the difference between these recent visions and normal mental imagery so i hope it makes sense .
the hard part of this is i do n't even know what these things are called but when i remove clips fcpx will replace the clip with a blank card that fills up the same amount of space on the timeline .
i would love to turn this off or at least know what they are called .
any help would be great as this has been pissing me off for months .
thank you to everyone who stayed with my on my journey of shoving weed up my ass .
unfortunately i 'm many hours in and i 've yet to feel any effects from the anustillate .
it seems i 'll never experience an edible high .
we 've had 2 people finalize so far and multiple cancels .
i wo n't be playing these games so i am looking to get something that i will play .
i created a light extension for chrome that runs in the background and attempts to archive every page a user goes to .
i programmed this because i realized some things while reading through the archiveteam wiki first off a lot of the programs they use sounds pretty complicated to use and install to the average joe and secondly there is an enormous amount of sites being missed by the crawlers .
so i tried to knock out two birds with one stone by creating an extension that runs silently in the background and sends a get request to the url https web.archive.org/save/*the url of the page the user is currently on .
by using the user as a source of urls it is much more likely that a page will be archived and since it 's a chrome extension it is almost universally known how to install it .
edit auto-archive 1.0 delta now has a resource grabber and a full on spider is on the way !
i am liking the stability of ltc so i am trying to set up a paper wallet for it .
is there an app/site out there like blockchain.info that can handle wallet value checking and do sweeps ?
i 'm doing my first build for my macbook pro using windows 10 via boot camp and have some questions .
my macbook is the mid 2014 2.5 i7 gt750 and has thunderbolt 2 connections .
i 've already got the akitio thunder2 an evga 450 psu and a samsung 28 4k monitor so now is time to buy the gpu .
i 've been planning this for a while so my budget is pretty high and i have my eyes on the zotac gtx 1070 mini or maybe even a 1080 mini but i 'm curious if having a tb2 connection compared to the faster tb3 is gon na make me feel like i wasted the money on a fancy card .
should i just buy the 1060 and save the money ?
all gaming will be done on windows 10 with an external monitor at 1080p
i have a benchmade infidel 3300 bk for sale .
getting married so it 's time to thin out the collection .
b because the clip got caught and stretched out a bit as well as the mark on the blade shown in pics
i 'm currently stuck on accelerated training '' in the tutorial .
the 3rd objective is to fit your modules '' where aura is asking me to fit a weapon module and repair module to my ship .
the weapon module i was given i ca n't use because i need small hybrid turret which i have but ca n't learn ?
what the fuck is up with the hit detection ?
it worse than fucking black ops which idk how thats possible lol
we can not hold a fireteam for some reason .
either i will drop or he will drop and we always get network errors .
it only happens while we 're playing in the same house .
anyone else have this issue and know how to fix it ?
every year thanksgiving with my bf 's family consists of me 19f bf 19m bf 's dad 43 ? m and bf 's grandma 65f .
she is insufferable every year at thanksgiving as well as any other day of the year .
i know that i 'm going to catch hell from her this year because i recently changed my hair and got facial piercings .
she always used to grill us and interrogate us about what our beliefs are .
she always says some hateful garbage and asks something along the lines of you agree with me right ? ''
to not start a fight we would just go along with what ever she said .
last thanksgiving all she did was talk about hateful things and i just ca n't listen to it .
i do n't want to pretend to agree and pretend that what she 's saying is acceptable and normal .
she says some evil ass shit and laughs but pretends to be a saint .
i 'm worried if i 'm put into a position of her wanting me to agree or if she negatively brings up my looks i 'll tell her how i really feel or just ghost her and everyone will get mad at me for upsetting her .
i do n't want to cause everyone to be upset but i also do n't want to be a doormat .
she has said and done some crazy stuff like unbelievable things .
she makes my bf and bf 's dad do errands for her all the time while berating them to their faces and behind their backs .
she would call ambulances while i was in high school to her house just to get my bf scared and that he 'll leave me to be with her bf and i rarely got to spend time together and i know it 's just because she was jealous .
she never once went to the hospital just sent the ambulances away after they and my bf got there .
she yells at my bf 's dad when he buys anything for himself because she deserves that money .
she says that my bf and i need to get married because god wants us to but yet she 's been married and remarried multiple times and had sex with those men for a long time before remarrying them .
she told me at bf 's mom 's funeral that she secretly only had a few weeks/months to live bf confirmed this was a lie .
she started trying to get attention drawn to herself at the funeral interrupted the eulogy multiple times .
bf 's mom would have been so pissed and i 'm angry for her .
i really do n't want to deal with her or lie but i do n't want to cause conflict and make bf or bf 's dad resent me .
i do n't want to deal with her abuse at thanksgiving dinner .
below is a list of the deltas awarded in this post https www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/7cp5ob/cmv_video_games_are_not_sports .
please note that a change of view is not necessarily a reversal https www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/index wiki_what_is_a_.27view.27.3f and that op awarding a delta does n't mean the conversation has ended .
for a full explanation of the delta system see here https www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltasystem .
1 delta from op to u/doctor_worm for quote no i was granting you the point that most people do not currently understand professional video gaming as a sport .
i am seeking to make a distinction between a statement that is merely descri ... https www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/7cp5ob/cmv_video_games_are_not_sports/dps9x7i ? context=1 ''
awardedtext '' quote no i was granting you the point that most people do not currently understand professional video gaming as a sport .
i am seeking to make a distinction between a statement that is merely descri ... ''
if anyone at all has a 357 model somewhere on the map prop dropped weapon equipped weapon .
i ca n't see it and a message gets spammed into my console .
error vertex file for 'weapons/w_357.mdl ' checksum 1163643726 should be 909957238
i have reinstalled the game checked for duplicate names on my addons what do i do ?
at least one to update tournament player information although probably two would work much better .
if you 're interested please message me on discord at brake 2056
i never really realised just how much harder single player is in sb compared to divisions .
i know there is the disclaimer that sb may be more difficult of a game mode but after playing offline division 1 last night the la liga tournament with 2 games on ultimate difficulty i must day it was a cakewalk compared to sb .
i went 10-0-0 even winning against ultimate quite easy 3-0 and 2-0 from memory .
i 'm not bad on sb generally elite 2 but not great player but was really surprised by the massive step-up from divisions to sb .
by the way if you are playing the division one league tournaments epl la liga etc you are better off winning 5 games and then forfeiting a game to get the 6000 coins for holding .
i got 2000 coins for winning and a crappy premium gold pack with a discard value of 1800 coins .
today i discovered a new bug that will make your operators dash/teleport a short distance on enemy screen the sequence is like this at first your press shift run laying down depend on your key shift again if you do this quick enough your operators will dash through a short distance on enemy screen and teammate as well which may give you a bit of advantage in gun fight or cross the room .
also when 2 guy collide with each other in a door frame meaning 1 guy is blocking the other who is running through that door on the running guy 's screen he still pass through that door frame normally but on others screen he is blocked but for 1s only then he teleport through the blocking guy and dash a short distance .
my 15 year old daughter and i were talking about the different things that could prevent someone from buying a gun .
one thing we talked about was being involuntarily committed to a mental health facility .
she was admitted last summer for 11 days for an issue that has since been resolved .
she wanted to know if it would keep her from buying a gun someday .
i know that if she was an adult it would but i 'm not sure if that would follow her as a minor or not .
just add the bots http steamcommunity.com/id/alexlevelupservice http steamcommunity.com/id/alexlevelup2 http steamcommunity.com/id/alexlevelup3 http steamcommunity.com/id/alexlevelup4 as a friend and use next commands buying cards ! buy amount of keys in order to buy sets for an desired amount of keys .
! level desired level calculates how many sets and keys it takes to reach a desired level .
! check this command checks how many sets you can buy .
the bot accepts all keys what will you receive after badge craft ?
100xp to your steam level 1 profile background 1 emoticon 5 friend list spaces for every level gained 1 showcase per 10 level 's gained 1 discount coupon
here 's the coupon you 're looking for xiaomi redmi 4a 2/16gb black http couponsfromchina.com/2017/10/26/xiaomi-redmi-4a-2-16gb-black-coupon-price-gearbest pretty good price !
this is the best tl dr i could make original https www.forbes.com/sites/spencerbogart/2017/11/13/bitcoin-vs-bitcoin-cash-a-story-of-prioritization-a-healthy-competition-in-money reduced by 80 .
as an offshoot of bitcoin known as bitcoin cash surged past 2,000 this weekend an influx of people reached out to ask the same question will bitcoin cash pass bitcoin in terms of value and adoption ?
let 039 s look at the puts and takes of the two to better understand where they differ my view on each and why competition between bitcoin and bitcoin cash is a net gain for the industry as a whole .
at the end of the day the two are more similar than different but the major divergence between bitcoin and bitcoin cash comes down to ranking of priorities .
in its current construct design and roadmap the btc community is focused first on keeping bitcoin decentralized so that it can remain as a public permissionless highly censor-resistant network that anyone in the world can use and build on top of .
to be clear both camps also want the other camp 039 s feature so the bitcoin community also wants fast cheap payments-but not if it risks bitcoin 039 s decentralization .
much in the way that the internet enables a public permissionless and highly censor-resistant network of information bitcoin is novel in that it introduced to the world a public permissionless censor-resistant network of money .
summary source http smmry.com/https www.forbes.com/sites/spencerbogart/2017/11/13/bitcoin-vs-bitcoin-cash-a-story-of-prioritization-a-healthy-competition-in-money faq http autotldr.io 242295 summaries so far . ''
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords bitcoin 1 network 2 transaction 3 cash 4 cheap 5
post found in r/bitcoin http np.reddit.com/r/bitcoin/comments/7cqnqa/forbes_bitcoin_cores_chosen_approach_is_the_best r/btc http np.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/7cthcf/bitcoin_vs_bitcoin_cash_a_story_of_prioritization and r/bitcoinall http np.reddit.com/r/bitcoinall/comments/7csuyo/forbes_bitcoin_cores_chosen_approach_is_the_best .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic .
please do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
stumbled upon one and i 'm not sure if i should sell it or hold onto it .
has anyone had trouble with not receiving their code from itunes after preordering their album ?
i ordered it on thursday and still have n't received a code for the taylor swift tix !
all i know is love is what you make it .
love can come in and out of your world without warning .
nothing is forever in this world and nothing belongs to you in this world forever .
people are going to come in and out of your life
the best thing we can do is learn from those lessons and continue on with our life .
because if we get stuck it will only hold us back and then we can not really grow into the person we are meant to be .
each relationship we get into if it is not meant to be it is meant to be a life lesson .
let me see if i can explain what i 'm trying to achieve .
i have a bunch of images in an h5 file .
another member of the team created a class that basically reads the file preprocesses the images and provides batches with a method .
everything works ok but when i need to include that code into tensorflow it does n't work .
what i get is that the function to read a batch is called once only and thus my code is training on the same batch of images all the time .
i 've read about the dataset api https www.tensorflow.org/versions/master/programmers_guide/datasets but i do n't get how and where to create it in my workflow .
the class i received from my colleague basically works like this
do some preprocessing read images from the h5 file transform them etc .
provide a method next_batch where it loops and gets images and labels and returns them in numpy arrays .
what i do n't get is if i need to create the dataset in the next_batch function or before .
ideally the class should read everything into tensors and make all the transformations on them but my colleague worked directly with numpy arrays .
i know i need to become more proficient in tf and would appreciate if anyone can point me to the correct direction on this one .
some links example code etc would be really useful .
thank you and please let me know if i was n't clear enough .
he 's such a great player does n't need to do that .
it was very stiff at first but after a couple times it softened up and works smoothly now .
i only got 1 but i will be buying more in the future .
if anyone from the company is reading this i really wish there was a 308 version !
click the res subscribe button below if you would like to be notified when comments are posted .
all sub rules https www.reddit.com/r/cryptocurrency/about/rules still apply in this thread with the exception of rule 2 .
breaking news should be posted separately from this thread .
to view live streaming comments for this thread click here https reddit-stream.com/comments/auto .
account permissions are required to post comments through reddit-stream.com .
i knew it would be good but not this good .
i have been humbled with the sampler and i appreciate the handwritten note .
i 'm particularly excited because i have n't tried most of these sticks but love the ones i have had coro hdm epi 1 and the cyb .
i would love to learn more about the ninja and salvador custom rolls as google is n't much help .
thank you khalil.. you 're a true gentleman and a scholar .
do n't know if this is allowed but my car has been stolen from the county durham area in crook 1am this morning .
every available unit police unit is currently searching for it .
it 's a long shot but if anyone sees anything please inbox me .
if you see the same car but with different plates have a look at the rear bumper as there 's a patch that was recently sprayed and you can see it as a faint blemish .
adam opens the show complaining about his bluray player not getting power to it .
the guys also talk about mike august filling in for gina 's news segment at oxnard and adam takes a fan phone call about bill simmons .
kinky friedman is then on the line and adam talks with him about the art of being a humorist .
they also chat about kinky 's current tour living ‘off the grid ' and his upcoming book .
adam then talks to another fan about feelings and sensitivities and adam and shek bring today 's ‘good sports ' .
christina p is in studio next and adam talks with her about her family and love of hungarian food .
the guys the listen to part of her standup set about justin bieber and they ask her about being married to comedian tom segura .
later the whole gang plays a round of blah blah blog .
gina then begins the news talking about cpr statistics as well as the trend of people not eating leftovers .
they also discuss ‘clear pumpkin pie ' christmas shopping on the toilet and a brawl at a mcdonalds over chicken nuggets .
as the show wraps up gina reads stories about getting paid to lie on the beaches of cancun and walking to cure depression .
click through our amazon link to get your copy of kinky 's book ‘everything 's bigger in texas '
you can also get tickets to kinky 's upcoming shows at http kinkyfriedman.com http twitter.com/http kinkyfriedman.com
christina p 's special ‘mother inferior ' is now available on netflix .
you can also follow her on twitter christinap http twitter.com christinap and get more info at http christinaponline.com http christinaponline.com
co-producers gary smith chris laxamana matt fondiler caelan biehn and dylan wrenn
cause i 've been shutting up but i 'd like to talk again .
here 's the coupon you 're looking for xiaomi redmi 4a 2/16gb black http couponsfromchina.com/2017/10/26/xiaomi-redmi-4a-2-16gb-black-coupon-price-gearbest pretty good price !
shows how many sets the bot has for you and how many you can buy
i went to new zealand and to fiji last month and instead of taking my telstra sim out of my phone entirely i simply turned off mobile data entirely on android .
telstra want to charge me some very small amounts of money it appears for 1k of data every few hours .
i 've been told that it 's something to do with a-gps which i 'm not entirely sure that i believe .
part of me recognises that this is a tiny amount of money and not worth chasing .
another part of me thinks that 4.5 cents is still 4.5 cents and that telstra has no right to it .
it 's very clear that i did n't knowingly use data – 1k is an impossibly small amount of data to use .
just wondering whether anyone else has seen these charges and whether this is an android bug that i should be reporting ?
if directed either towards the front side or back of the head can a bear of 400-pounds kill a human with one paw swipe ?
if so how likely is the type of death to be vertebra break skull explosion fatal concussion hemorrhage ?
is there an actual science of process of reasoning/equations that can solve this question ?
i would prefer paypal friends and family only but will definitely consider trades .
if you pay with paypal without friends and family option i will refund all but 0.30 paypal charges seller '' 0.30 fees on refunds
borderlands 2 dlc 's 0.75 each ultimate vault hunter upgrade pack ultimate vault hunter upgrade pack 2
the elder scrolls legends 1.50 2 card pack skyrim 1 event ticket 100 gold 100 soul gems
pathfinder online early enrollment these are keys to be redeemed on the pathfinder website
my games that are listed at 2 and under can also be paid for by using my humble monthly referral link 1 game for successful referral .
you must be new to humble monthly and contact me before signing up .
i can also accept marketable steam items roughly 75 of their value i reserve the right to decline in certain instances
if you 're buying multiples i will be more inclined to giving a discount on my asking prices depending on the games you want
i 'm a canadian currently on a tier 2 visa sponsored by my workplace .
i will soon be receiving my polish citizenship via ancestry .
i started the application for this before brexit and am now wondering if it is worth switching from the visa i am on to just staying based on my eu rights .
also do i need to report my new dual citizenship to the home office ?
also my partner is british and we could potentially apply for a spousal visa for me instead but which is the best option stay on tier 2 switch to spousal visa live here purely as an eu citizen .
any advice or experience from people who 've done it ?
i purchased a motherboard and ram for my first pc build from newegg .
i live in australia and the items are coming from the usa .
i was wondering if i could get any advice on what i should do .
i have contacted them and have filed a claim for mis-delivered items .
is that as much as i can do for now ?
all i can remember were there were quite a few parts to it .
the guy time travelled in his sleep and he 'd slip back years at the location he fell asleep .
was n't allowed to let himself see himself his grandfather and i think uncle had the ability too .
later posts involved being hunted by some traveller realising he had a daughter in the future and his girlfriends friend dying due to the some traveller ''
i want to diversify and buy bch and eth .
should i make different portable wallets for each or can i receive everything on one wallet ?
will it pose any issues if i store everything together ?
looking for a active clan play daily 305 on all three characters .
hello could anyone tell me price of this ak ?
last week i rocked up to my home to see my brother a little confused .
he explained that someone had complained about parking his car on the grass outside of our home .
there is no pathway just a shitty half dead leopard tree and a sidewalk of grass .
we have a car port that i park in and he 'd park his car out front .
essentially whoever rocked up first had the privilege of parking in the car port .
this worked for 6 years until my brother placed a car cover over his for the impending summer .
he found a job which facilitated commutes via bus avoiding parking in the city .
then we received a complaint in mail of which my brother voiced obvious disregard and disdain .
there are just assholes in this world and that 's life .
i offered my him the precious carport and parked mine behind on the driveway .
next morning i viewed a parking ticket on my car that read 'stop on footpath shared path .
the ticket dude had rocked up at 1.30 in the morning .
i honestly think he confused my car with my brother 's .
i am parking my car next to the gutter to avoid a future 200 ticket .
while this is all good i drive around the block and view all kinds of parking stupid that i had never fully appreciated until my criminality was revealed .
really wan na do some norms to test new runes and such but i 'll play any game mode .
its extremely annoying that i have a big man on my team with brick wall but even the worst defenders can easily slip past 90 of the screens .
i have pick dodger on silver but i still get stuck on a lot of centers .
okay so i 'm around 2 and a half months into my college course at the moment for computing .
we have a 1 credit unit that is mandatory to pass or else you cant get your award .
i am around 1 month behind my javascript class due to moving house and i had got food poisoning .
we have an assessment coming this following monday which i feel i have no hope of passing .
i know the basics of javascript from the classes i attended but i feel as though i am too far behind to recover .
i have from now till monday to be able to learn as much as i can in hope of passing .
is this possible and is there any tips to learn to functions .
sorry if this isnt very helpful im just really worried thanks .
decided to revisit shipwrecked on my phone wanted to build a full island base .
so far i have noticed two new bugs i havent encountered before .
pigs all run towards edge of island attacking air .
killed those pigs new pigs also have this behavior .
sealnado walks around ignoring player even when being attacked .
any suggestions for good stardew valley youtubers with engaging or interesting content ?
porn like most things that enable dopamine is not only addictive depending on the person but the constant use has been known to overstimulate the brain effectively making it harder to actually get aroused for normal real life sex .
the dopamine receptors down regulate therefore taking more in and more to get the same high '' so to speak .
but of course in usual fashion the peasants attack a video not only before playing the video but barely even playing the video in general .
this podcast sucks dick they are actual scammers the quality is low and is seriously bottom of the barrel shit .
i wo n't be preordering knc but not for the reason a lot of the people on this sub wo n't be .
the dungeon crawl mode being introduced is fantastic and it demonstrates that blizzard is investing money in developing hearthsone — but it could have been an in-client tournament mode .
i agree that this game is expensive but i am voting with my wallet not because i am unhappy with the price of the expansion .
i would be happy to pay 50usd for 50 packs if i felt like i was being rewarded for my constant patronage .
i am sure this mode will be fun lots of people will enjoy it .
maybe this mode will be enough to revitalise a lot of players ' desire to continue to player hearthsone .
however tavern brawl already exists as a place for new/casual players to enjoy hearthsone without the fear of 'ladder anxiety ' .
meanwhile competitive players have been kept on standby for years .
hearthsone needs competitive infrastructure in order to support new professional blood and convince sponsors that it 's worth supporting over the slew of other growing e-sports .
yesterday for the first time in months hearthsone dropped off the 'most viewed ' list of games on twitch .
i will be voting with my wallet this expansion .
hopefully blizzard will give me a reason to invest next time .
with the creation of the rnf and budapest spring the romani of rumania have become empowered to start speaking out against the hungarians and to speak for their romani friends within hungary .
yet most of all they have begun speaking of a possible romani homeland within europe .
while no formal party or organization has sprung up to support this the political party the party of roma has stated that it does support this .
many romani have come out stating how a homeland is needed for their people and how living through two attempted genocides against their race it was obvious they needed a place in which the romani could be protected .
the party of roma have also stated their willingness to make sure such a homeland would be self-sufficient and not have to rely upon aid from various nations and suprisingly new president adrian has agreed stating that a romani homeland if created would get the help it needed from rumania as to ensure the country would be self-sufficient .
while many in rumania see it as a pipedream the romani people themselves hold out in hope that this is not only a possible future but a probable future .
i wo n't be preordering knc but not for the reason a lot of the people on this sub wo n't be .
the dungeon crawl mode being introduced is fantastic and it demonstrates that blizzard is investing money in developing hearthstone — but it could have been an in-client tournament mode .
i agree that this game is expensive but i am voting with my wallet not because i am unhappy with the price of the expansion .
i would be happy to pay 50usd for 50 packs if i felt like i was being rewarded for my constant patronage .
i am sure this mode will be fun lots of people will enjoy it .
maybe this mode will be enough to revitalise a lot of players ' desire to continue to player hearthstone .
however tavern brawl already exists as a place for new/casual players to enjoy hearthstone without the fear of 'ladder anxiety ' .
meanwhile competitive players have been kept on standby for years .
hearthstone needs competitive infrastructure in order to support new professional blood and convince sponsors that it 's worth supporting over the slew of other growing e-sports .
yesterday for the first time in months hearthstone dropped off the 'most viewed ' list of games on twitch .
i will be voting with my wallet this expansion .
hopefully blizzard will give me a reason to invest next time .
is homekit compatibility something you are still aiming for ?
everytime xyclopzz casts there 's always a bunch of people giving him slack over his accent .
the man has done a lot given us countless hours of dota and his english over the years has gotten so much better it 's very rare that i miss even a word he says his hype casting is so awesome .
then electrum tells me it 's 46 in fees .
that 's just 10 i need to send a lot more .
forgive me for my lack of knowledge on the subject but i live in gibraltar and cryptocurrency seems to be the talk-about-town '' at the moment because gibraltar will be the first country in the world where cryptocurrency is regulated and backed by government .
does this have any advantage for anyone living in gibraltar ?
is there any possibility where i could benefit from investing in it from here ?
is there anything i could do from here that would benefit anyone on this subthread ?
in lamens terms what does the regulation mean for bitcoins ?
just curious and opening a bit of dialogue on the subject .
i need this pathway which is no longer available from the manufacturer .
but ca n't seem to save '' the image '' via traditional means of right click save image which only saves the gridlines .
inspect element shows image that is only in current view but lacks total information in the image .
is my only option to take a scrolling screen shot ?
directly printing the page does not do the trick since an overlay appears as we zoom out .
i 've noticed it twice at least soon after parachuting in .
it 's like someone is chucking something through the window but there is no one around .
i 'll try to get a video of it .
the duster and mallard both came with the base game got it right taildraggers turn with their trailing wheels .
the howard alpha and starling turn with their trailing wheels in this update .
why is it that these new planes not including the howard alpha and the chode rocket turn with their front wheels ?
the only people i see buying these new planes are people who are willing to spend the money to fly and they would definitely feel right away what the issue is .
nokota mogul tula all vintage taildragging aircraft turn with their front wheels .
do they just not give a fuck about their audiences at all levels and facets ?
rockstar is usually thorough with the little details but the quality checking has really left me with a pit in my gut .
with micro-transaction laden business models and these glaring oversights r has truly lost sight of making anything with the attention to detail they used to .
this is really over how obvious it is becoming that rockstar has strayed and just do n't care enough to bother anymore with the details .
just add the bots http steamcommunity.com/id/alexlevelupservice http steamcommunity.com/id/alexlevelup2 http steamcommunity.com/id/alexlevelup3 http steamcommunity.com/id/alexlevelup4 as a friend and use next commands buying cards ! buy amount of keys in order to buy sets for an desired amount of keys .
! level desired level calculates how many sets and keys it takes to reach a desired level .
! check this command checks how many sets you can buy .
the bot accepts all keys what will you receive after badge craft ?
100xp to your steam level 1 profile background 1 emoticon 5 friend list spaces for every level gained 1 showcase per 10 level 's gained 1 discount coupon
here i am sitting at the airport waiting for my flight to board .
i 'm getting concerned that i have no idea what is on the dinner menu as it 's a vendor hosted event .
but then i thought dude you 're going to vegas !
! 3 years ago a big trip was if i parked in the 2nd or 3rd row at work and needed to walk an extra 20 feet .
do n't get me wrong it is n't something where admittance suddenly makes things all fine and dandy in life but i 'm finding it incredibly helpful .
the reason for this is because like many people i 've been in denial for a long long time .
i 'd come up with so many excuses in my mind as to why i did n't have a problem even though i 'd drank a lot every night for many years .
well at least i 'm not drinking during the day ... i can just really handle my drink better than other people so i need more ... i know people who 've drank all their lives it 'll be fine ! and so on ...
if you notice these are n't just thoughts which deny me as having a problem they 're thoughts that give a green light to take a drink ... they 're easily twisted into because i do n't have a problem i can just continue.
by saying there is a problem the denial thoughts are n't as loud in my head now and instead they 're being replaced with encouraging thoughts alcohol grips all kinds of people you 're not weak for admitting this ... now that you 're facing the challenge instead of denying that it exists you can beat it ... facing this head on is going to improve your life so much !
i just want to say thank you to the mod team for setting this place up and giving people a chance to see that they 're going to be okay .
the ‘check-in ' is a fantastic idea to keep people on track too !
i also want to thank all of the various posters who come here to share their stories because they 're incredibly helpful to me .
yesterday morning i was 95 ready to quit then i stumbled upon this subreddit and after reading your posts you all gave me that extra 5 that i needed to say today is the day. thank you all so much .
i 've read a few different comments on other subs mentioning an ama with someone from ea on wednesday but i do n't see it on the reddit ama calendar .
anyone know if this is happening and if so what time ?
if i can i 'd like to see if anyone asks anything about fifa .
i know their star wars game is what currently has people pissed .
hey we 're testing a new website tool we 've built in farringdon today .
anyone free this lunchtime or early afternoon and can spare five minutes to u/x test it in our office.. ?
there 's a free craft beer to take away or some food if you 'd prefer .
so i do n't care about the lore or reasons why they exist .
i am new to 40k but not unfamiliar with the game .
however i am currently in the process of deciding on my first army and was wondering if i decide to go with a sm army should i just build my own chapter using primaris marines .
is there a reason to using the regular marines as a new player ?
i just have n't been unable to find any info that makes them different .
i am looking for a jack of all trades army but do n't necessarily want to just take up sm because everyone plays them .
any time i see those very words i have to mention this classic .
drinking shows a real commitment to being a cooler person ''
my biggest issue is definitely the pocket awareness and running backwards at the first sign of penetration .
he seemed to do better in the 4th though on his scrambles which is promising
i 'm just glad i 'm not the only one here who remembers it .
i always laugh my ass off whenever i remember the pedophile disguised as a school .
i would love to see their spin on the current sexual harassment scandals all over the media .
maybe to help him out you could have placed a little ant poison in them .
i think people need to take a step back and realise that the breadth of gaming is more than 4 studios .
there are tons of games that are brilliant and are complete at launch .
people are just brand loyal and keep preordering and playing games that have a bunch of money behind them and are familiar names .
never said anything of the sort but if you have to put words into my mouth sure .
my simple statement was towards the company shill idea .
you 're expounding this to much more with poor arguments and finger pointing .
if you took every vein and vessel out of your body and laid them end to end you 'd die
ak-47 blue laminate was my first playskin and i still use it
fair point but then how does brexit positively impact the lives of the older generation ?
other than them trying reminisce about the good ol days ''
ok i 'm sorry i just got caught up in the heat of the moment lol .
then she loses all the narrative power of being a non-guardian .
no i think that her particular place is important due to her lack of power and that lack makes here a poor case for a new class .
maybe devrim could be used to introduce the loremaster '' https imgur.com/0eiu65e
just going to point out you say back on october 15th of this year.. '' then quote something from last year .
honestly your comment reads like them trying to contain the dumpster fire .
you somehow try to twist something about two different twitter accounts together.. while ignoring that both accounts have constantly defended and applauded all things trump .
it 's more likely that they wanted favor with the sitting president and looks like they got plenty of it .
you ignore the parent comment that points out they have denied any contact .
i love hearing them talk about their creative process and thoughts .
toffee 's gon na come back to represent eclipsa in her trial .
well about 10 ' away and slightly in front of me is the couch .
go another 15 feet beyond that and it 's the front door .
another 100 ' or so and it 's the elderly neighbor 's house .
i feel so guilty i keep thinking about how much '' my mom has done to me .
here 's the thing if someone spends most of the week hitting you with a baseball bat but every saturday they make you a wonderful dinner and take you out to see your favorite movie ?
dinner and a movie do n't erase the abuse .
i dont know why its so hard for universety kids to realize communism is just as bad as nazism .
the people in montreal flying sickle and hammar flags should be treated the same way as someone waving a swastika flag would
honestly most recruiters in my experience are open to talking to daca about joining .
i see my local recruiters occasionally and they tell me as soon you are able to join just call us .
literally immigration status is all that is stopping most of us .
the majority are mentally and physically healthy no criminal record and will score high on the asvab but it is what it is for now .
enes should have just kept his composure rooks goona rook .
heyyy did you see mickie pookin ' her ass out like that ? ?
somebody 's feeling herself tonight and i am all for it .
do n't remember the first one but i 'll look into it
that episode suckedddddd ca n't believe all 3 kids got super sick
we wont know for sure until they come out with the official rules sometime before feburary 2018 probably in january .
but i have already since i wrote that comment read something contrary that the button i mentioned in the comment above is just gon na be to turn on the dividend sheller from the masternode .
but yea i think we just have to wait for the rules to come out to know anything for sure .
what rank are your players and how often do you meet ?
but i do n't have the time to do that during work .
and it 's frustrating having to divtuat several times a day
are amish people right to complain that most high paying jobs use computers and they do n't want to ?
i still obviously believe in a strong safety net for those who either choose or ca n't use whatever technology .
i do n't want them to be completely left behind .
but choosing not to do something that benefits them is still their personal choice .
also this does n't really fit for this subreddit it is more intended for programmerhumor
not sure what rating to give it ... 4/5 ?
i didnt know all of them were farmable so ive been using scrolls lol .
thats gon na make my life so much easier .
right on i worked grounds as a teen and was seeing if you were full of shit .
my boss did the same as you 're describing and made good money .
hope you get a good course man there 's some hurdles with that funding .
edit why do you have to go through the ranks ?
the course i worked at was green managed by a 22 year old with a 4 year agriculture degree .
it 's their place of employment too most of them were people working for him .
i believe that building has the emergency generator for jeff 's hospital .
you have to run them every so often to make sure it still works .
the marshadow was in control of them and it 's duty is to purge the darkness from the rainbow feather cross guy with his hair in an x in front of his face tried using the feather to summon ho-oh but doing so corrupted the feather and marshadow reacted to the darkness in his heart emiting from the feather .
i need landry to tie or just barely exceed his best game so far .
i doubt i 'll get it but hopefully i can at least get a sweat .
i just turn off that suggestion bar on my keyboard .
never really used it unless typing out some ridiculous word like derogatory .
also i suggest telling your husband or best friend and having them attend the appointment with you so you have a .
you ca n't chicken out or leave out important details like binging and purging .
i hope her stay in your house is short lived .
that just means they 'll be playing wutang on board .
leave those assholes are not your friends do as others have said and get on roll20 and look to run a game there you 'll most likely find people that respect you and people are always looking for games on there hell if you 'd be having the game on thursdays i 'll probably join up .
if you ban him you have to ban like 30 of overwatch comp players .
if they report its more important then a silver players report .
result he gets banned because one of the developers does not like one tricks .
thats my opinion and i cant have another one because blizzard refuses to clarify which means
also the pool of players in gm is small so if many players dont like u u can get much reported very fast .
as somebody with an incurable chronic pain condition i can confirm said bullshit .
yes but there has been a problem in the last few years with handicapped people being euthanize without their consent .
the right to die is slowly becoming an obligation to die .
imagine the salt if there were thargoids at beagle point .
probably would n't happen if fat james harden had any body control .
college tuition is equivalent of 500 per year in france .
25 per year if you 're anything close to poor and the state will then also just hand you like 300 a month because if you do n't starve or drop out you might eventually become a taxpayer .
of course you still need to eat and pay rent but that 's what jobs and rent benefits are for .
private colleges exist but they 're like 5k a year if even that .
a lot of this sub wanted kubiak fired last year .
probably the same group that called for elway 's head when he signed brock as a backup but called for vance 's head when brock was n't the starter in week 6 or 7
if you do n't want to bundle bootstrap with rest of your assets just use cdn they have .
if you want to use mixins/variables then use bootstrap-rubygem not bootstrap-sass
likely has something to do with those genealogies having less to do with providing an accurate birth/death record and more to do with tying jesus to the very first roots of judaism .
this is especially important to matthew writing to a jewish audience trying to legitimize jesus within the shared religion his readership had .
no actually leaving is n't the way to resolve anything ever .
it may be an option but it does n't resolve anything .
leaving is a way to resolve the impact that their behavior has on you and sometimes leaving allows you enough space and perspective to actually see the issues at their root in yourself if there are any and address them .
i used to feel like you did leaving was n't going to fix our issues i still had to parent with him and all i would be doing would be creating more hassle by having to go through with leaving .
i do always recommend divorce counseling to people which does help with some of that .
in the end it comes down to it is what it is .
when you have found out the issues and understand them are they things you are willing to accept as normal in your life ?
if they are go with it good luck but i also have little patience for you complaining that they are that way .
you keep insisting on relationship problems '' and saying that both people contribute to a db . ''
if someone says no my problem is x '' you disregard what they say and say that their problem is really a relationship problem about communication .
i am looking at it from the pov that people if they know about the issues would either fix them or leave .
if neither person does that communication is n't the issue because everyone has been clear that for example i am gay .
i was self-deluding/in the closet to myself earlier but now we both know the reason i do n't want to have sex with you is because i am am gay .
the partner 's response i understand you are gay will never want to have sex with me and this is not something you can change and you were not self-aware of this issue before we got married .
then that is a relationship issue that is n't about communication .
you also would be unlikely to come to db and post about your lack of sex and not knowing why .
or post about how you are frustrated that you are n't having sex and they are not making any moves to change it .
you already know why you have both said that no sex is acceptable to you because you do n't want to leave your marriage and you are choosing to make it work how it is .
that might not be a relationship problem just an unconventional relationship .
but that 's not the case in the stories here it 's people who are genuinely hurting because they do n't understand what has gone wrong in their relationship .
and fixating on the frequency/quality of the sex is n't addressing that .
i live in bumfuck tennessee and fear of white genocide is very real and very widespread .
my shitty relatives are convinced that white people are being replaced and that all of our proud white heritage white ingenuity white work ethic and white culture will disappear .
perhaps stop picking at the scalp sores with your chipped spoon fingernails ?
i 'd like to share my story which is the reverse of yours .
i 've lived in nyc by age 10 my parents sent me to taiwan to learn some mandarin .
i was the last generation to get beaten by a bamboo stick for every mistake a beating .
can you imagine how many i got especially coming from a west to eastern culture ?
i went to school and frequently got ridiculed as the dumb american i had to go home and wash my baby sister and occasionally cook .
i came back to the us got ridiculed again as the fob short fat .
i 'm short too but i 'm a girl .
but i drank a lot of milk and exercised a ton and pushed 2 more inches .
in mid 20s i got into fitness and became super fit .
i have a lot of resentment towards my family .
every christmas thanksgiving while everyone goes home i 'm left alone .
my parents house was usually acted like a frat house because no one was there .
there were moments i wanted to commit suicide but if you do then you lost the battle .
what you can do is prove your parents those that made fun of you all wrong .
you keep trying and make better at other things so one day you can give them all a middle finger .
actually i think i gon na go back to tf2 .
as for what the cops did it 's not permissible .
it would have been better just to acknowledge their oversight even if it meant introducing a tiny bit of reasonable doubt '' .
as long as the original source of the evidence was collecting evidence legally which is n't always the case i do n't really see any problem with it .
cops still need to go before a judge to get warrants .
it 's really no different that an anonymous '' tip or a tip from an informer .
if someone in a neighborhood provides a tip about gang activity police often wo n't divulge that in a report because it could lead to retaliation from the gang .
a housing provider may not ordinarily inquire as to the nature and severity of an individual 's disability see answer 16 above .
however in response to a request for a reasonable accommodation a housing provider may request reliable disability-related information that 1 is necessary to verify that the person meets the act 's definition of disability i.e. has a physical or mental impairment that substantially limits one or more major life
activities 2 describes the needed accommodation and 3 shows the relationship between the person 's disability and the need for the requested accommodation .
some tenants will try to bring you a certified emotional support animal '' that they paid for online somewhere for 50 bucks .
it is about you as the landlord accommodating the tenant 's emotional disability not the animal .
the animal is just the tools that is supposed to help fix their disability .
they ca n't just bring you a letter that says timmy has depression . ''
it needs to be a letter that says timmy has depression the disability that impairs life activities and requires an emotional support animal the needed accommodation to alleviate the symptoms associated with that depression the relationship between the disability and the accommodation .
jozy 2 goals one coming from a penalty wood won
so here is what kind of does make sense given recent news .
it is n't unlike people of power to offer sex as a gift .
and i would n't think it was unlikely for the same people who would offer these things to also be the type of people to film it and have the hooker to say they got raped .
but i do know i do n't trust any of these fucks in power .
this is why there 's so many mass shootings in america .
guns in the hands of fucking weirdos like taylor .
i would only own a two door myself but the 4 doors have a wheel base much better suited for extreme off-roading when built out right .
but i guess you would n't know that since you use your real jeep to pickup your groceries .
gameplay is kinda meh besides the finale some full moons and the secret boss but story is where p3 really shines .
the best part of p3 in comparison to p4/p5 is that characters get their main development from the storyline rather than from social links .
this makes them feel more like people than brick walls with a fancy pokemon behind them .
and it 's not all about the power of friendship '' either .
just because the p3 cast works as a team does n't mean they 're super friendly to each other all the time .
pretty much every cast member has their own problems to worry about .
this late game is great because i might fall asleep before having to watch the last 5 minutes
video is in spanish i know that most of you do n't speak it but i hope that some of you who do check it out .
this dude 's entire channel is a gold mine of shit .
he basically hates montaigne and shakespeare because they were not cervantes and he wrote a book called the critique of literary reason in which he tries to ground scientific literary criticism '' in philosophical materialism .
ughhhh hopefully you can get your revenge next time you play that dirty team .
i want to rig a gopro on my games after college
i hate how they made blue with kaioken obsolete ...
my buddy is getting into facebook ads a bit but we have n't cracked the code for success just yet .
nobody except little kids do it unless they 're trying to be ironically funny .
for instance i 've taught an older teacher about dabbing and they think its what the cool kids do so they do it its hilarious .
yeah i have a discord account but i deleted the app i 'll have to get it again and i 'll pm u my username so we can meet up there
next time try to play it off as slang .
p dang kids these days and their fancy pants slang .
ign dch75 days i work i farm for 10 hours but days i have off i sleep play this game .
i 'd be more worried about the employer if they 're asking you to move a thousand miles with 24 hours to research and decide .
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
however im afraid i lost all google rankings migrating from blogger to wordpress .
the blogger had same url as the wordpress one and after moving none of the posts that once ranked are n't appearing on google anymore .
p.s both blogger/wp have same domain and still have n't removed blogger 's domain .
i bet cats would be sad that your gone but they would n't care about your body because its dead .
vector art means that you can theoretically scale it infinitely without any loss of quality !
raster art is pixel-based and when you size it up it gets fuzzy and pixelated whereas you can see in this that even with me popping it up to what 12,000px ?
of course this is a vector image converted to a raster image so if you sized it up even bigger it would start getting pixely again .
i will go full steam ahead with husbaundo then and probably luna .
actually like i said i can live with it if its just the way it is .
since it does n't effect games i am fine .
just wanted to make sure it was n't something wrong with my particular unit .
shit i missed that dont know if its poor taste or not
as a cavs fan right now you have to be happy with the defensive effort .
edit well i 'm very disappointed by the childish reactions here .
i guess i should n't have expected anything better . ''
the loot boxes in this game can be earned without money and only contain cosmetics items that do not affect gameplay .
it is the perfect system for blizzard to earn a little extra money whilst not ruining the game .
when you buy overwatch you get every hero map and game mode .
if you spent your money on lootboxes and did n't get exactly what you wanted then 1. that is your fault you made the decision to buy the lootboxes and 2. there is in-game money in which you can buy that item you really want
oh and not to mention you can get 3 lootboxes every week by playing arcade
terrible passing and turnovers in the 1st quarter as per usual
i always thought is was lip sing not lip sync .
we 're all free to believe what we want to .
an influential explanation for gender differences in mating strategies is that the sex-specific reproductive constraints faced by human ancestors shaped these differences .
other theorists have emphasized the role of societal factors hypothesizing for example that gender differences in mate preferences should wane in gender-equal societies .
using recent data and a novel measure of gender equality we revisited the role of gender parity in gender differentiation for mate preferences .
in the first study 3,177 participants from 10 nations with a gradually decreasing global gender gap index ggi provided online ratings of the desirability of mate attributes with reportedly evolutionary origins .
in the second study ggi scores were related to gender differences in mate preferences previously reported for 8,953 participants from 31 nations buss 1989 .
both studies show that gender differences in mate preferences with presumed evolutionary roots decline proportionally to increases in nations ' gender parity .
the us did n't step into actual war until it was already over trying to land grab as much as possible .
although i 'd argue their intention was never to land grab but merely to establish political military and economic superiority within lands they did n't need to grab to hold in this manner .
the actress personally addressed this lady and asked how she looked before spiking the drink priming her to interact .
hyper/hypo-agency also probably contributes to one 's ability to people-watch and publicly intervene without being shamed .
thank you for being the only one who sees the importance of resiliency .
i moved multiple times as a kid and it was never an issue for me .
i 'm not saying i liked it but i learned to deal .
i was n't especially outgoing and my mom are a good effort but it was n't anything over the top .
it was just the way things were and i could make new friends or not have any .
i have never indicated that my daughter should drop her old friends but honestly most of them have moved on and she really only has one good friend she still keeps in touch with .
this friend does n't do overnights yes it 's weird and both her and my daughter play on traveling sports teams .
we moved so she would get a better education which is more important to me than her friends .
we also bought our first home which was huge for us .
i do n't need someone 's opinion on whether or not i made the right damn decision .
i do n't want to come off judgmental towards her at all and you 're right i think that will help the most in the long run .
that really sucks but it seems like you are a great positive influence .
yeah it took me way too long to figure out how to get into the second location .
well r/againsthatesubreddits sure got a whack out of it .
they probably have to search harder than we do to find content hah .
also i think saying anti-christian things like that is more excusable when it 's on a post about something anti-atheist .
smoking more than a gram to the face in one session just ends up making me way to burnt and even when i come down i still feel absolutely worthless and do n't want to do anything hahaha also my lungs are n't what they used to be so i mainly just vape now .
it came to the point where my roommate and i was cough our lungs up and and then start to gag and puke from like 2 big bong rips .
not all situations are you going to be able to do that though .
if a cop takes me into custody i 'm not sure how long i can keep my eyes closed ... esp if they take me somewhere ?
has anyone tested holding a phone over someone 's face then waking them up ?
can they unlock it before they know what 's going on ?
edit i just realized the iphone wo n't unlock upside down .
also i 'm not guaranteed to be offered the opportunity to grab my phone to press the buttons before they take it .
in certain situations cops are n't going to let you reach into your pocket .
passwords fingerprints and face id are all going to keep thieves from accessing my phone after it 's stolen but it seems like a password is by far the strongest method against law enforcement .
not everyone needs to worry about that ... . but i do .
go cry in your moms basement ya racist bitch .
sometimes he claims that the son of man may be a separate figure that was conflated with jesus but i do n't know that he 'd die on that hill today .
who was apparently in contact with assange from the start ?
who had assange organize his flight from china to russia which assange himself admitted was the plan all along '' ?
who had assange 's wikileaks representatives literally act as his go-between for the fsb once he touched down at moscow 's airport ?
it was but most of the knockout games were 0-0 or low-scoring .
see italy 1990 another example of an ugly grinding world cup .
if you 're super sensitive a vitamin c serum with hyaluronic acid or even dermarolling might be the more gentle option for discoloration before going for bha .
i unfortunately am on mobile and do n't have any links to hard data right now but i know dermarolling has been discussed at length and there are publications out there on both the effectiveness of vitamin c and the relative strength from once acid to the next lactic aha glycolic etc .
as for the small bumps i 'm not sure i think it really depends on what 's causing them but i 've found just a simple exfoliating brush to effectively deal with facial and body bumps here and there .
i would n't be marrying/considering marrying someone if there was n't a significant reason for me to think that way and it obviously is more important than sex .
i ca n't see this and not think dollars two hundred
that 's a good idea potentially to add the extra screws guess i will wait see if i end up getting it .
i 'm just looking for something relatively affordable decent looking that 'll last at least long enough to make it worth it .
i 'm just looking at a tv stand no upper cabinets or anything .
lem me try http www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/s79196749 the link again not sure why it did n't work .
multiple times proven and even stated by himself literally .
except that it is n't a bad example at all .
its a terrible example and you literally gave the reason why
by the way what did i tell you before and you were like no !
pa did respond and its not even the end .
so yea continue your endless defence of nonsense we 're getting what we want .
i told you they have to react you just dont get it do you .
just wanted to let you guys know that you got a stud over there in josh jackson .
ok i try to fix that and repost ... but then i give up .
it 's not that important to me to put my message there .
i am curious though as to how they will address me after reading .
is florida really trying to shit talk texas right now
good choices here some more zt lunchbox small tube amps by epiphone blackstar and vht .
i really liked some of the epi 's and vht 's i 've heard but they 're often modded with or beyond upgraded tubes and drivers so you 'll have to see what 's out there .
so you can head to your local big box retailers with your epi to do some auditioning .
maybe you want built in effects tuner amp models etc but i think you need a lineout so you can record yourself .
i also have a vox battery powered amp which is ok mini-3 or 5 good for busking noisy models but it was about 80 .
also do they really need 5 guys in full gear to stop some weed growers like he 's osama bin laden or some shit ?
i did n't have my glasses on and thought this was real .
holy shit i love when ben makes his voice all high pitched like that
it 's got it uses yeah but i do n't feel good about letting my not even two year old kid go hungry .
also pretty sure child services would n't feel too good about it either !
how in the world do you feed yourself for 50/week ?
do you eat ramen noodles alone in the break room or something ?
i️ think 1 on science 34 and math 2 a 35 for me
embiid just said what 's his name in regards to blake griffin 😂😂😂
when a team does n't know if it can trust its riders to do the best job possible for the team
but what if the team itself does n't know what 's best for the team ?
the 2 people doing the actual job are in a better position to make that call .
yes they might get it wrong on occasion but it was absolutely not the case this time .
every available evidence suggests that dovi 's pace would have dropped if he went past lorenzo .
good luck winning titles with that toxic 'hamilton-rosberg ' relationship .
he won 2 championships in the most toxic garage of them all .
if i hip hinge for longer than 30 seconds my lower back tires .
costco always has this problem in my experience but i 'll be damned their pizza is good
just go up to him and be like 'hey man i just wanted to say that you look damn good in that suit .
i 'd love to get some tips if you have any ' or something along those lines .
they make money by selling the game for 60 like video games had been sold in the past .
the game is gon na be profitable because it 's star wars it would sell even if it was shittiest game ever .
do n't tell me ea needs micro transactions to be profitable because that 's bs .
and tbf while death threats and shit like that is n't ok the toxicity called out ea 's bs and got shit changed .
i 'd prefer gruden retain or current rb coach gillespie if he does take the job .
but gillespie developed hurd kamara kelly and now chandler .
he 's a big time recruiter for the team as well .
i think he checks all those boxes even if not as well regarded as graham .
he 's still a great coach and he motivator on the sidelines .
do you happen to know where i could find it ?
because i am a girl with long nails i need to paint them .
dumbo and sword in the stone are inside black cases .
from what i hear lethal seems to be doing well with champions like kog maw simply because it is easier for him to exceed the attack speed cap .
going into the resolve tree is n't necessary if you can stay healthy abusing fleet and movespeed .
the build i use is n't about extended trades .
sorcery tree also provides a ton of movespeed and damage .
i 'm only saying the build i have been using suits my playstyle better .
sheesh man i made lots of those when i was a kid blew all kinds of things up !
example of an average galactic assault match i got 11,000 points by the end of the match .
they made it a point to post joel up .
missed a bunch of fts lol but it 's fine .
exactly that 's what i am wondering from some time who can really afford a house in indian metros ?
if relatively better-paid software engineers can not afford it who really can ?
how can someone with a teacher or bus-driver salary afford it ?
i know there are people with black money who are buyers at any rate but how many of them are there ?
we do and do n't on one hand they are beatable right now and pretty broken on the other hand they are bound to be pissed after what mississippi state did to them .
i 'm not shocked that wikileaks was partial to trump nor that it is in assange 's interest to be partial .
but it does n't discount the authenticy of the content shared and it does n't mean muh russia .
the discussion was n't if the reward for beating the campaign was enough .
the discussion was about how those rewards are given out .
ummm not enough people that look and think and dress and drive and eat like me live there .
we should move to perrysburg and proudly claim that as a non shithole white bread suv costco trader joe paradise .
why build her one when you can build yourself a better one and give her yours ?
i 'd recommend it colleges in general would want 4 years of math minimum getting thru precalc i think
i definitely want one of those but i still live with my parents and i feel they would think i 'm some weirdo .
they keep adding new ingredients to the recipe but never decide to commiting to cook it and when we eat the proverbial meal it leaves a bad taste in all our mouths
this addresses near zero of the technical aspects involved to predicate any reasoning on .
i had one for 5 years and it was a pain in the ass .
the fbi does n't even have the server images because the dnc refused to hand them over
now you give me an article in which they edit the fbi complain about not having direct physical access .
but we were n't talking about direct physical access .
and politifact or not they are quoting comey 's testimony .
we got the forensics from the pros that they hired which again best practice is always to get access to the machines themselves but this my folks tell me was an appropriate substitute ''
that hill article provides plenty for you to legitimately complain about regarding the investigation .
yeah pretty much fucks with you these monster have no remorse or guilt they thrive on this but hey if your religious they 're going to burn in hell but if your not hopefully they get hit by a car dragged across the floor then get eaten alive by rats and racoons hopefully you never know my advice just fins something to keep your mind off of it or just vent on here it does really help at least if it 's for a day for me it feels like i pet go of some baggage it 's still there but makes me feel better
the stipulation required that the state receive copies of all results and lab notes associated so she would have also been obligated to turn over reich 's notes where he determined the sample quantities were insufficient .
the decision to not test was obviously made quite early after receiving the samples from the state yet she kept the state in the dark about it right up until she submitted her brief .
the month before the brief the state was asking her in a letter if she was planning to comply with the stipulation in turning over her results so at that point they were unaware she had changed course .
no according to wikipedia they were sold to japan 's softbank group in june this year .
i think that has to do with his conditioning more than anything .
if a lot less people smoke because of the tax then they have curbed bad behavior .
the fact the smuggling happens does n't change that .
wat i hum lotr music all the time play it on the piano too
how about he only loses more mmr if he leaves and get reported ?
you used the word he only loses mmr thus meaning that other players will not lose mmr .
the word should have been more and not only on your original comment .
trump sucks but so does the real sports journalism team .
that was short of so much detail or context .
instead they get in a few quips including an old lady saying crap '' .
the person you were with would have 0 say .
since you were unable to consent the emt team and doctors took what measures they thought needed to be taken to save your life .
they made an uh oh on my batman 1 rebirth and did n't list david finch as signing it even though he did and i had it witnessed .
guess i 'll be contacting them for a reholder with the correct label .
i only play this game with friends too so now i do n't play it .
really unfortunate because it 's fun when n it works
women ca n't be incels from what r/incels said .
i could care less about incels as it is .
nick is a spoiled rich frat boy with an ego who wears pink polka-dot underwear a boy band wannabe .
do this with all gates and doors that are n't yours .
i 've heard that there are some massive freightliners on the ocean right now that burn whatever cheap sludge is available and put out as much emission as an entire city does in a year or something awful
true but by the time you can farm a l d homie efficiently you can auto toah anyway .
and apart from s3 the l d homie skills are basically worse than nat4 skills .
when marionette master resolves the fabricate triggered ability will be placed on the stack .
if your opponent casts unsummon while fabricate is on the stack then you can still respond by sacrificing your treasures .
however that would mean you 're sacrificing your treasures before your fabricate ability resolves meaning your opponent would only lose 1 life per treasure since marionette master still does n't have the 1/+1 counters .
if your opponent waits until after the fabricate ability resolves then uses unsummon you can respond by sacrificing your treasures and have your opponent lose 4 life per treasure since fabricate has already resolved and your master has the 1/+1 tokens .
in summer 2015 i thought he was a genius who was manipulating conservatives and the media but no he 's merely an idiot who managed to do that .
it would take extreme amounts of effort for a rational person to be as incoherent as he is .
the market listens to science guy he 's a living legend .
while this card is cool and i really like the art the name seems like it could have been used on a real black bordered card so that 's a bit of a waste .
💰 u/noncelicious sent a tip of 0.005 eth to u/operationnine !
your tipjar https www.tip-jar.me view transaction https etherscan.io/tx/0x4b19b79bbe8812cc25013438f58e9dff60ca2f3b69cf709924799514ef7374ee what is tipjar ?
i mean lebron was right tho dsj is better than ntilikilimandjaro
yep i believe it 's a great thing for f2p players since they will rely on daily challenges and sometimes you just forget about what needs to be done .
but i would n't count on features like that comming soon since i believe they 've said quality of life fixes will come after the optimization .
your starter elite units feel really cool and special in a way that later ones do not .
even something as simple as gelt 's starting outriders are a godsend .
i do n't think 7 is that bad either .
he went into the bathroom and tore down the stall .
yes overwatch is cancer and not just because of a piss poor tick rate .
i heard they turned around 4 boats today it seems like coincidence ?
does n't mean the flood gates are open but people are obviously watching .
so you 're just saying that it 's a kind of punishment for being hasty ?
it messes you up the few days around the 100 full moon too .
i think i 'm the 7th movie tonks mentions something like the first night is always the worst after they arrive at the burrow when harry leaves the dursleys .
despite intra being within oneself there is no coursing of biological jello fluids inside yourself unless you wrap it around like a tea-pot and stick it in your rectum .
nobody is denying lee was once guilty of treason god damn you 're dense .
in fact here is what wikipedia has to say about a pardon
a pardon is a government decision to allow a person who has been convicted of a crime to be free and absolved of that conviction as if they were never convicted .
basically yes he was a traitor but the country forgave him and he is no longer a traitor .
random pro-confederacy politician/president years later going out to say lee did nothing wrong ! ''
the fact you said years later '' to say nothing of the ludicrousness of calling a us president random '' ... indicates you in fact did not or could not read the national archives link i posted .
on october 2 1865 the same day that lee was inaugurated as president of washington college in lexington virginia he signed his amnesty oath thereby complying fully with the provision of johnson 's proclamation .
but lee was not pardoned nor was his citizenship restored .
and the fact that he had submitted an amnesty oath at all was soon lost to history .
more than a hundred years later in 1970 an archivist at the national archives discovered lee 's amnesty oath among state department records reported in prologue winter 1970 .
apparently secretary of state william h. seward had given lee 's application to a friend as a souvenir and the state department had pigeonholed the oath .
in 1975 lee 's full rights of citizenship were posthumously restored by a joint congressional resolution effective june 13 1865 .
at the august 5 1975 signing ceremony president gerald r. ford acknowledged the discovery of lee 's oath of allegiance in the national archives and remarked general lee 's character has been an example to succeeding generations making the restoration of his citizenship an event in which every american can take pride . ''
general lee was a victim of beaurocratic failure and the us federal government made up for that mistake .
unfortunately we 're all getting a peak of hollywood 's midnight society lately .
he might not be the most evil '' of the antagonists but if given nearly unlimited resources to test freely on all the grimm he can imagine and maybe a chance for revenge on ozpin/rwby ... why would n't he go along with it ?
he certainly has n't demonstrated a conscience when it comes to innocent lives even if he is n't actively trying to wipe out humanity .
ozpin said he played a part in the mountain glenn disaster and he was n't exactly apologetic .
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
do you know if it was a new/old book at the time ?
look down look down you 're here until you die !
the way i know it is shoot for the stars so if you fall you land on a cloud ''
you can have them on as many as you 'd like .
the only time it 's an issue is if your equipped sentinel 's weapon uses the same weapon mods as your primary .
well i mean it sounds like they would only have sex with her since her personality turned you off .
i 'd say an orc warrior is your best bet but tauren and death knight could fit too .
warriors are much more mobile with their charge and leap abilities .
if you want a sort of frenzied berzerker type that 's the way to go .
death knights are more like darth vader not very fast but terrifying and practically impossible to kill .
it 's worth noting that the worgen racial helps a bit with mobility if you did n't know .
fries were a cultural staple in belgium long before they were in the usa .
they make better fries too none of that weak ass thin fries bullshit .
i got 3 mill on xbox 1 if anyone is interested .
please post any comments that are not a photoshop as a reply to this comment and leave the top of the thread for original content .
i bot removed my first comment to keep this nest at the bottom of the page .
click for photoshop battles best of 2016 '' results !
helpful links for this image other discussions https www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/related/7cuara/psbattle_donald_trump_holding_hands karmadecay https karmadecay.com/r/photoshopbattles/comments/7cuara/psbattle_donald_trump_holding_hands google image search https www.google.com/searchbyimage ? image_url=https i.redd.it/12l7jymbjwxz 2ejpg
this is an automated response faq http www.reddit.com/r/apicontraptions/wiki/apicontraption_faq send feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=apicontraption subject=feedback thingid message link to post https www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/comments/7cuara/psbattle_donald_trump_holding_hands 'i like feedback '
i dont have anything to do either and im on break currently .
mounts they looks nice and all but i dont find any reason to use any of them because most of my time im either sitting in limsa or fc house .
job leveling i dont see a point of leveling a job that im not going to play anyway .
as tank main first thing i did when sb launched was lvling all 3 tanks to max and gear up .
i tried ast and some dps jobs but didnt rly like them .
if se lifts the weekly lock from raid loot and tome cap i would level all jobs to max gear up and git gud with all of them .
crafting only reason i see for crafting is that u could craft whatever u want but since i have friends who can do the same for me so i dont need to waste '' time with lvling i hate lvling
relics/anima weapon i feel like they are old news so they have lost their special '' shine atleast for me .
im going to get next relic weapon/armor when it is released in 4.2 as it is something new .
side quests if it doesnt reward me with new useful piece of gear or unlock something then im not touching it .
but yea im planning to come back for 4.2 raids and whatever pve content it offers .
how many hof/all pro on that side of the ball on manning 's teams ?
any post or comment by an account that is less than 28 days will be reviewed by a moderator .
please remember to review the subreddit rules http www.reddit.com/r/mcsxbox/wiki/mcsrules as well as the ways to stay safe http www.reddit.com/r/mcsxbox/wiki/waystostaysafe wiki and the how to identify scammers http www.reddit.com/r/mcsxbox/wiki/howtoidentifyscammers wiki .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mcsxbox if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've been asked when will you get robot legs ? ''
i know it 's a weird way of asking about prosthetics but still hah ...
you could consider the predictions of world economic forum https www.weforum.org/reports/the-future-of-jobs
you could read biographies or people who you aspire to be .
you could search youtube for bloomberg 's game changers '' .
this series showcase successful people like warren buffet sergey brin etc .
tagtipper.com is a new service coming soon to reddit and twitter .
they try to scam you out of your money .
happened to me before and now i always open a dispute .
well in this country christians literally do not care about the environment and look forward to the events of the revelations .
i think max sx did with landing was i leo 9.6 tons iridium-next and ii gto 5.6 tons echostar 23 .
i 've been looking for a good mongolian place every since i got back to the mainland from hawaii .
i see the photo of the sauce selection and i 'm in heaven .
i ended up having to search for oathbringer in my library and then it showed up .
so how do you explain the invasions of georgia and ukraine then ?
were those actions simply propaganda from the west too ?
to be guaranteed to get 1 normal job you need 48 sts less if you trigger the 10 chance to pull a job on a non-pity pull .
for time-limited event cards that are gacha it 's even worse .
i pulled 4x on each of the ffxv banners and only got 2 of the 4 event cards per batch .
then i pulled 12x in the revival summon and only got 2 of the 4 ffxv cards i 've been missing .
granted the revival banner had another set of cards mixed in so it was harder to get the cards that you want .
the figures in the bottom two side by side photos and the two above them seem out of scale compared to the rv .
if you 're born with priest spells then that means you 're a priest .
if your slave simply decide not to come because we 're not nice to them 'slavery ' is a little over the top ...
js you use to interact and animate these graphics best tool for animation at the moment greensock animation platform gsap .
due to how this copypasta gets spammed and doesnt contribute to the discussion any spam of it will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rickandmorty if you have any questions or concerns .
and i was between 117 127 kg for a decade .
one thing you got what i do n't have is the background in body building .
one big step that i have not dared to take is to go to gym and get someone to show me how to do the lifts .
but i have tried to build some strains on that .
for expamle last week i went to burger king but i took crispy chicken salad and 6 nuggets with coke zero instead of some double wopper etc .
sometimes i take a burger but cutting the fries takes away 300-400 kcal from the meal .
if i eat pizza i order it with ½ cheese and one lean meat like chiken or even ham instead of some meatlovers special .
these are just some ways i have been able to keep eating where i want but in a way that i can controll the amounth of calories i consume .
i know that when my weight goes down i have to make more adjustments to stay on deficit .
but atleast i can do them in slow pace and not try to change everything over night .
the real problem with the last game was the split pools of player especially post dlc releases .
however what ever the circumstance maybe for locking heroes on ea 's side .
they are n't gon na make the heroes free .
at the very least they are a lot cheaper and wo n't take nearly as long to unlock .
i dont think the euro was ever weaker than the dollar
the money and benefits are nice and i 'm not a great cook so the lack of creativity is n't awful .
but there 's also no love in this place .
we got by but today that getting by will catch up to us and getting by will be fucked .
of course today is one of the days i do doubles between jobs so pray for me because i 'm headed into fourteen hours of bullshit .
lmaooo oh my god now i really wish there was a slauson swapmeet tree lighting ceremony .
maybe ask reddit some manners or how to be unbiased
a smart critical and well-informed person despite all his knowledge is worth '' just as much as an ignorant bigoted person when it comes to the polls .
this is anti-intellectualism at its finest and it 's sad when expertise and experience counts for nothing when it comes to making important decisions .
looks really good i was wondeing whether it is possible to add a distribution tab .
to see the distribution of coins per wallet and change in new wallet addresses .
right now all we see is the top 2000 accounts .
also should probably mention i do n't have a definition etc for the ratio test as it was from a prior module i have n't studied .
problem of some ground maps having the airfield way too close from the combat zone .
tv carl received a rapid growth in character development that did n't make sense considering his age .
it would make more sense for them to have used judith or something .
carl is my favourite in the comics because of this development of becoming a child soldier hardened by the surroundings .
instead he 's annoying as fuck and half the time i wonder why they 're keeping him alive in the show .
i 'm so scared for the new red dead .
i want to be excited but the aaa gaming climate paired with rockstar 's proven record of fucking their players over is ruining the emotions .
if someone else knows of this game then please tell me i love games that mess with your expectations .
lol like he has the capacity to say something so intelligent .
the first question a family therapist asks is are you here reconcile or separate ?
we know this because i was treated for depression a few years back and had couples therapy as part of the treatment .
it is an industrial building with power strong enough to supply all the s9s .
also i believe in btc and i have been trading crypto for some time now otherwise i would n't even be thinking about building a small farm .
the only things i would be worried about are technical problems because i 'm not too experienced with this type of tech and than the fire hazard .
and i thought of 10-20 miners just as a small scale i plan to buy more if it proves profitable .
i have used taobao direct for my first as haul before .
everything went well as i was in the same boat i picked up items that had been testing before .
everyone can see that you are quietly admitting you actually are a child molester and rapist .
jesus christ will slay you and you will be tormented and be in absolute pain and suffering for all of eternity .
you think that your 60-80 years of worthless sin is worth eternal suffering and that is why every single satanist which you absolutely and 100 surely are are incredibly stupid .
the children you people have murdered will live forever in eternal bliss while you scream out your pain begging them for mercy but you will never get it .
the only mercy you can have is turning your life around turning away from your sin and admit you belong to jesus christ and that he came in the flesh and won against all sin for the believers .
you are nothing have nothing and when you think your life is over the eternal torment in the hands of the lord will begin .
this torment and judgement will never ever cease and you can not get out of it once you are there .
i pray to jesus christ that you are silenced and that all your lies fall on deaf ears .
i pray that the people you have hurt and will try to hurt are protected and blessed and get the covering of the blood of jesus christ that he shed for us .
i found my inur 800cp with level 21 thanks to the dragon sight .
now i 'm lvl 23 and have n't found another dragon yet .
i 'm keeping them til i have 9 maybe i will get my first evolved then .
i only got 2 golden eggs so far with hydra and grendel
but in every pvp battle my opponents have one d
it 's actually not that hard to learn if you 're interested c check out the website nativelanguages.org they have lots of craft tutorials .
there 's a massive difference between progression and low-key gambling .
progression rewards should be based on actual accomplishments not on how big is the pile of money you threw at the game .
the 3rd party decorator '' module it does a more thorough job of wrapping details of decorated function
another thing if i may would you describe an 'extreme outlier ' as a peculiarity within the data ?
it seems to fit the definition of peculiar in that it 's in some way special ... but i 'm not sure if this kind of thing is natural .
for some reason my head wants to look for things like variable names being spelled wrong or typos or something like that ?
i 'm just wondering if the term peculiarities '' makes you think about looking for something particular within a dataset .
desynchronization between animation and effect nearly all reload animations come to full completion before more bullets are officially ready and you 're capable of shooting again .
there you have it companies like that still exist .
ironically enough berserkers are a complete garbage if you want to play as a caster while clerics have some of the best spells as well as exclusive talisman that gives them a slow energy regen .
yeah i 'm having a bad day cause you 're in this fucking reddit thread
fine actor but if ever there were a case of satire going wrong it 's his character .
if you just watch a chest for a few seconds you can see it move if it is a mimic .
then when you see it move ... stand back and draw gough 's bow .
come on man it was obviously a 'statistical anomaly ' that was n't abnormal .
the update showed up for me when looking at updates '' .
nothing is official yet but i think someone me mentioned it will only be available for gold members .
their definition of christiandom changes to fit whatever their party 's about .
you should look at my list and see if anything interests you .
some of the stuff wheels especially i value over a heat but just take a look anyway you never know .
it would be really nice.. emiratis are granted citizenship in europe https www.thenational.ae/uae/government/more-than-250-emiratis-have-switched-to-become-british-citizens-in-22-years-uk-figures-show-1.244511 so it would be a nice practice to grant citizenship to long term residents 10 years here .
i know that but after you got a decent cpu under the hood it becomes very reliant on gpu .
thank you for submitting content to r/wecantstudy we appreciate it !
to improve the quality of the subreddit and help users search for specific content we require you to flair your post hope you can understand !
fanart use this flair for any coloring or drawing made by someone .
lewd if the picture submitted contains somewhat nsfw not safe for work content .
with this you should also tag it as nsfw .
discussion any topic that does n't fit in any of the other categories .
manga preview spoilers flair only used for early previews of the upcoming manga chapter .
if your post contains a plot spoiler does n't apply to images without context please also mark it as a spoiler and you can also add spoiler to the title..
this is our first attempt into improving the submissions so people do n't get spoiled they can find the content they want easier and for organization .
hope it 's not much trouble and look forward to the upcoming changes !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wecantstudy if you have any questions or concerns .
i just had the idea of keeping a labeled loaner set of 6-point 3/8 drive sockets somewhere in my car to ingratiate myself with the mechanic .
your body will ņo͏t̢͢͟ be harvested for rare-earth elements after we have conquered the world i s̴w̴̢ea̛r̢̨
yeah he bought the game and he 's getting a product .
he 's not paying anything extra on top of that is the point .
this is actually the thing i have waited for the most in pubg .
so much time dropping different stuff to see if i can carry some extra ammo or meds .
fun fact there is a fourth threat response as well ... fight flight freeze or fawn .
fawn to try to gain favor by acting servilely cringe and flatter or to show affection in a solicitous or exaggerated way
this is a huge factor in co-dependency and quite honestly the usual reaction of a family sg .
and yet they still ca n't quite come to terms with the fact that capitalism is better ?
whatever gets more music from jay electronica let it happen also more music from joe would be cool too everyone who has n't should give mood muzik a chance and what the fuck is a jay electronica mix-tape a chance .
well i meant he is right because not handling nuclear waste is a benefit itself regardless the cost .
but it 's a good thing to know more accurate figures .
but again the texts are like 'come up to our room where there 's multiple people and we 're going to take your phone are you bout it how old are you'
like man i agree it 's not like she signed a waiver to her asshole
i 'd really like to hear from her account what was going through her head as she was dropping the 'kid ' off intending to go to this packed hotel room where she knows that one of the multiple attendees is this man https pbs.twimg.com/media/c08sbvgxgaauvp9.jpg
'oh boy i hope we all play catan while i lightly fellate pouya and the gang politely claps '
will this result in any other account restriction sense i pretty much a re seller only and used to earn 2k a day and if i get a trade ban after that its gon na be 10 times easier to just make a new account
blockchain.info is an online wallet you do not own the private keys
switch to a hot or cold wallet for increased safety checkout a guide here https www.tropyc.co/crypto-101/wallets/digital-safe
he stopped it as soon as pettis began tightening it
seems like a good solution to all these semver problems .
ugh ... using commiefornia unironically ... you probably only watch porn from those family fucking sites .
interesting read but some things they mention seem super normal to me or maybe its just the broad wording ?
relying only on their own beliefs perceptions or actions this person might appear humble and open minded until you try to show them something you have done on your own .
the person might say what if we do it this way ? or why not word your sentence this way ? you will find that once you change things to the way the other person wants it they will tell you how much better things look .
the victim was told you 're not a woman .
what 's monstrous about trying to stop fat old cunts from tearing foxes limb from limb ?
i 'm glad to hear you had a good experience at the women 's that 's where i 'll be !
back when they were creative and not just cash grabs
you do n't need your own bonus unit to get the equipment tickets and sq .
just bring a friend bonus unit ideally someone with a 100 bonus
i do n't often jump into these comments mate but please do n't let people like this hurt your enthusiasm towards gaming and enjoying yourself .
i 'm not particularly amazing with words i 'd love to write out a post to try and boost everyone 's spirits going forth but i 'd probably munt it .
the reasons you game are your own but your right to enjoy yourself is universal .
50 for expansions 60 for character boosts 25 for server changes 15 monthly subscription etc .
the game is very expensive and has service costs of a free to play game .
actually reading on r/vive states they canceled daydream support shortly after announcing headset .
the metal spikes could use highlighting but that could be the lighting .
seeing the title i fully expected an ability that steals buffs .
the guys breaching the building should be focused on the inside of the building .
the guys outside should be focused on the outside .
losing focus can be bad in a pressure situation .
i wouldnt want the guys on the inside worrying about everyone else 's job only their own .
training like this is designed to make you think outside the box i get it .
but poorly designed training like this leaves people feeling cheated by the training and makes the trainees distrust the trainers .
so can you only get the costumes by buying the hero package for no gem option ?
basically in greedy you have to take user input stored in floating point data type .
this number represents the amount of change that you owe .
for instance 0.1 can not be represented exactly as a float .
try printing its value to say 55 decimal places with code like the below
and so before making change you 'll probably want to convert the user 's input entirely to cents i.e. from a float to an int to avoid tiny errors that might otherwise add up !
of course do n't just cast the user 's input from a float to an int !
after all how many cents does one dollar equal ?
i understand i have to conver the value given me in dollars to cents but i do n't understand why then i have to print it with .55 decimals after the floating point .
also how do i do that when later on they say that i have to convert the floating number into an integer ?
i was wondering what the best way about combining violet fungus and myconids to make something interesting for my players to go up against .
do i just go with the base myconid traits and give them the abilities of the fungus ?
should it be a meld of the two taking the best and worst stats from the two and smashing them together ?
i 'm not sure and i 'm hoping that someone has tried this before and has some suggestions .
so far its just me and my buddy and it 's our first destiny game .
did n't know there was a huge hassle with finding groups and such .
we are just looking to fill up on people .
we also have a discord do raids nightfalls and trials .
doesnt matter what level you are we will help with whatever you need .
i ca n't get most of the subject links to work now .
has handbook 1 been locked down or am i just bad at the internet ?
oh and here 's a sentence below my link so that reddit wo n't say that my post is low-effort '' .
as someone who spends an inordinate amount of time doing vehicle cargo missions i 've gotten an inordinate amount of explosive snipers insurgents hydras buzzards frankly anything someone would use to cause me to fail .
that does n't even take into account the ones who will continue to kill even after the mission fails .
i 'm genuinely curious why people start messing with other players like this and i want to know what people think they have to gain by messing with other players .
edit 20:40 pst 15 nov 2017 i realise only now that i should probably make this more clear .
i 'm referring in particular not to the genuine adversaries who are in my opinion doing a bit of overkill rather to the guy with a hydra or oppressor or explosive sniper who kills everyone he sees like it 's the apocalypse .
this afternoon i had a mugger mercs and a bounty on me after i killed a guy in revenge .
i got wows a week or two ago after stumbling across some videos by jingles on youtube and thinking that the game looks fun .
unfortunately i 'm playing on a mac and the game crashes all the time sometimes while loading into a battle sometimes after a battle and occasionally even during matches .
sometimes i get a nice error message sometimes it just freezes sometimes i 'm booted to the desk top .
i 'm running 10.13.1 on a 3.3 ghz i5 8 gb ram and amd radeon r9 and open to any suggestions anyone might have on how to get this thing to be a bit more stable .
spent my phil money on trying to take some lil cutie to the bears packers game this sunday .
lesson learned always pick a gd event over a girl .
edit i also have two grateful dead posters i can trade for a ride or ticket .
you can take your pick of either one i have or you can both .
according to russian intelligence sources several bnd agents in kazakhstan revealed to be of syrian nationality have been captured attempting to escape the country preparing to board flights to the uka .
no official statement has been made but president zyuganov is expected to recieve an official brief followed by an official announcement soon .
we 've had a lot of drama in our league recently regarding top teams trading with teams that are basically out of contention .
2nd place guy is new to fantasy football and does n't necessarily grasp fantasy etiquette and ingredients to a good trade .
last place guy is just sort of going through the motions .
he is upset with the kneeling controversy so he more or less has n't been playing .
it was ultimately decided that this trade was n't a good faith effort to improve both teams as the last place team was just sort of dumping players in defeat .
players good team receives tom brady and jamaal williams bad team receives cam newton and tarik cohen
these two happen to be a married couple so that is part of it .
the good team is playing the 5th ranked team in a fairly high stakes matchup this week .
previous to this trade good team has both qb 's on bye cam and mccown .
bad team faces elimination with a loss and another team win this week .
while bad team does technically need rb depth in rb2/flex type capacity bad team would be going from starting brady this week to starting eli manning this week which is a considerable step down in a must win scenario .
naturally the 2nd place team from the first trade has contested the trade and is saying it is the same thing as trade 1 a play off contender scraping good players off the corpse of a non-competitive team .
married couple counter that they both believe the trade benefits their teams .
i can see arguments for both sides but i 'm very curious to see objective opinions on trade 2 .
if you are an old like me you probably remember seeing this dude 's name in the credits for lots of old nintendo games including balloon fight dr. mario metroid super mario land and earthbound .
the following post by l1mbo1 is being replicated because some comments within the post but not the post itself have been silently removed .
the original post can be found in censored form at this link
since i 've joined reddit i had subscribed to btc kind of obvious since i am a hodler but now i have decided to remove the btc from my multi it 's just depressing to go there .
90 of it 's posts are trying to promote infighting in the crypto community .
it seems like a bunch of kids just came from a cod session .
is there actually an open and rational place to discuss issues concerning bitcoin ?
i 'm going to the gig on the 21st with my mates but on my own for the wembley one anyone else in the same boat ?
welcome to another edition of whatever they throw on knr during the evening .
i play on a macbook pro so i do n't usually expect much for performance but i 've never had problems with rimworld .
after i updated to a17 though for some reason the globe performance tanked .
in the actual game it does n't seem to have changed .
on the world map though i now get barely more than 5 fps .
i can count the frames verbally as they tick by .
not the nc mall one but the one with the pink bow ?
so recently i 've been taking both t1 and t2 towers in mid very early .
i then find myself stuck in a limbo of trying to farm but wanting to help my team .
i 'm low elo and am actively looking to improve .
i have a nice 9-5 office job where i 'm trusted to get stuff done .
but i recently started taking ssri and i definitely do n't get anything done in reasonable time .
i keep panicking and shaking and being nervous/terrified when i 'm at work .
what can i do to chill a bit and get more efficient ?
do you think it is too late for a double-gold event before k c ?
what if double arenas were a replacement for the double gold ?
if you currently had no equipment and had 1,000 to create a podcasting environment how would you spend it ?
challenge round you do n't have a computer either .
but the only thing you 'll use that computer for would be the podcast .
yes i hope to use this thread to create said podcast studio
edit and will post the story pictures and resulting audio
my other recievers are green funchess ty and parker and i want to upgrade my tight end from clay to kelce .
i will finish out the knight 's faction first before moving on starting from the top .
she 's ... everything i wish i could have been .
everything i wish i had been in my life .
when you grow up surrounded by nothing but filth and misery you cling to what little light you can find .
so naturally wardens seemed like angels or gods to little street waifs like me .
they 're the only ones who give a rat 's ass about common people .
but i made mistakes in my life so that dream is over .
still she 's so kind so true and so ... good .
she lives up to the ideas i had as a kid .
the others well maybe some of them trust me and maybe some of them even respect me .
i think she 's the only one who believes in me though .
peacekeeper every one of us comes from an order .
every one of those orders is steeped in history and tradition .
but of all of us i think our warden clings to the ideals of her order most strongly .
why are they now scattered to the four winds ?
because the ideals and traditions of the wardens do n't mesh with the real world .
she 's young and not yet completely worldwise so she still believes everything she was taught about being a warden .
her naivete is charming but i do n't think it 'll be long before it 's crushed .
hopefully it does n't get her killed before that time .
this is war after all not a fairy tale .
lawbringer she and i have our disagreements about what 's worth fighting for .
sometimes it even gets heated because she thinks me heartless and i think her overly idealistic .
but when everything 's on the line there 's nobody i 'd rather have watching my back .
if wars could be won by dedication alone the vikings would run back to the north to hide in their hovels and the samurai would flee back across the sea at the sight of her .
i may not believe what she believes ... but i 'm going to do everything i can to shield her from seeing the dirty side of humanity for as long as possible .
she deserves to hold onto that hope she has .
she 's the only one with a spark of life in her eyes !
she hates my guts but honestly i would n't mind getting to know her a little better if you know what i mean .
truth be told i think she 's as much of an outsider as the conqueror and i. i see her praying to her god in the late watches of the night .
i 've never seen anyone do that in my life .
the others have a certain dedication to their religion but hers seems just a bit more ... real .
i 'd say everything about her seems more real than the others .
yet she still has a heart of iron on the battlefield and i 'd bet my life she 'll be the last one to surrender if the battle goes ill. 'the people need us .
now more than ever ' she told me once .
if she represents the empire 's descendants we can be proud . ''
gladiator oh please do n't get me started on that one .
she 's pompous and proud as they come and she thinks to call me arrogant ?
i 'm the best there is and i do n't mind saying so .
she thinks she 's better than me or anyone which would be fine except she hides her pride behind a shroud of piety and philosophy and absurd romanticism .
she may have the others fooled but not me .
she 's just as vicious as the rest of them . ''
sorry i 'm at work so i ca n't do much searching but is it more efficient to save our pre-registration chests or should we just bust them open and use them immediately ?
i loved mos and bvs they 're clearly masterpieces for me snyder and his staff are geniuses and they did a fantastic job in these movies but come on jl is incredibly bad 90 of superman scenes are reshots since you can obviously spot his weird cgi-stache the dialogue the editing the score everything is so amateur and does n't represent the talent of snyder at all it 's like 20 of snyder and 80 of whedon .
i 'm so mad at wb never thought i could say that to a snyder movie ...
cyborg and flash works it 's ok nothing exceptional but the rest wow i was so embarrassed of how it was bad ...
the xbox one x sold 1,344 units in its release week according to the weekly media create report http www.4gamer.net/games/117/g011794/20171115076 .
for comparison the ps4 pro sold 65,000 units the switch 330,000 units in each first week .
edit to add some food for thought the x was nearly sold out everywhere stores that were willing to sell it at all .
that means the ms japan possibly only shipped less than two thousand units across the entire japan region during the x 's launch week .
i spent the last two days holed up in a hotel room in a city a few hours drive from my hometown .
i brought rope climbing straps and a carabiner which once rigged together create a means to hang yourself from a bathroom door .
i drank and i sat in the bathroom with my back against the door and the slipknot around my neck .
i spent hours in there trying to bring myself to let go and allow my body weight to cinch the rope and end my life .
i could n't do it i kept trying but i would always pull the knot loose before it went too far .
i had my phone beside me i was wishing desperately for someone to text or call me .
i realized that what 's been eating away at me is this profound sense of loneliness i have .
i realized i 'm lonely because i push everyone away .
a few days ago i messaged an ex of mine on fb asking her if she 'd like to go to lunch as i 'd be in her city in the next few days .
she never responded but i looked back at that message and realized she had changed her profile picture the first time in a year right after receiving my message .
the picture is of her sitting alone in an empty room .
at that moment all i felt was an overwhelming sense of wanting to hold her and tell her everything would be okay .
i know it probably wo n't be and i know right now i 'm not the man that could make anyone else 's life better .
whether her changing her picture was a coincidence or her way of responding to my message i 'll never know for sure .
but it gave me an urge to fix my life and face my problems not for her but to be someone that can be depended on again .
i wrote a suicide letter on the back of the room service menu .
the letter turned out to be mostly an apology to my mother telling her that it was n't her fault and she had done everything she could possibly do to raise me right .
i asked my father to look after her and i told him that i was proud of him .
this is the first time i have ever seriously thought about the impact my death would have on them .
i wanted to hug my mother and tell her i 'm sorry for being such an asshole .
i began to see that i 've been neglecting them and the opportunity to remain close to them wo n't always be there forever .
i 'm writing this from that same hotel room .
the rigging is still up but i 'm out of the bathroom .
i do n't know if i 'll change or if i 'll be back here again in the near future .
i do know that i 'm going home tomorrow .
i know i 'm going to tell my parents i love them .
i 'm going to try to fix my life so i do n't continue to lose the people who matter to me most .
i think it‘s safe to say it will make over 1b being the biggest movie ever .
will it be the best marvel movie concerning the box office ever ?
my fuchai 213 plus screen has died so i 'm looking for some new mod ideas .
i 'm looking for temperature control dual 18650 and as small as possible .
how can i make my dslr follow the stars as they move ?
drop me a dm to talk pricing or just post it here .
if you need more details i 'll provide them as soon as i 'm able to .
one of the things i love about anime is that they can take hobbies and jobs like quiz games dictionary editing cooking shogi go model building etc .
and show the passion that some people have for these things .
what subculture do you want anime to delve into next ?
edit ok so it does n't have to be obscure per se .
just something you do n't think you 've seen in anime yet .
one night i played cs go and during the game decided to switch to chrome .
this caused the pc to suddenly freeze and i had to restart .
i rejoined game played to the end and after i exited again freeze .
i did n't mind and turned the pc off.but since then i had the problem of windows freezing after one minute of use .
what i 've tried so far to resolve the issue
no problem i thought and went into safe mode .
so i reinstalled gpu drivers cause i thought this would be the problem .
after doing this and disabling hyper-v now the pc restarts after 1 minute instead of freezing.so i unplugged the gpu still restarting.i thought it would be windows so i decided to reinstall windows completely .
i went to a buddy of mine created a windows 10 usb stick bootet from usb and still restarting so i could n't go far with the installation .
why is windows safe mode working fine but as soon as i start it normal or from usb it restarts .
first off i watched a dozen youtube tutorials but none would go in depth about what equipment is needed for sampling or what different options there are if you want to work with vinyl .
now i figured someone here will know his stuff and can aware me on what i need .
so far i gathered that besides the obvious turntable i should get a dj mixer to raise the phono signal to line level right ? ...
some say you can connect the mixer to your computer others say you need a audio interface and then run it into the computer from there .
then there are people who say you need a little phono box to convert the signal coming out of the turntable ... it 's confusing af .
edit fuck me im not from ky. im from oh .
ive lived in ky my whole life but our apartment is in cincy just north of the ky border .
hey all about a month ago my carbon monoxide detectors starting going off after about an hour of me turning the heat on .
i turned off the heat and opened all the windows .
it got like 50 degrees after only a couple hours .
i alerted my neighbor and left a voicemail on the emergency maintence line .
i also have a cat who my dad is watching and is getting sick of .
it took 4 days until i called back and said hey uh i left maintenence and the main office a message a couple nights ago .
my carbon monoxide detectors keep going off due to the heat .
they firstly tried to tell me it was for sure not the heat .
then they insisted that i have to buy new batteries or detectors because those are probably malfunctioning .
no way they were both malfunctioning at the sane exact time .
i even kept my receipts to show them i did buy new batteries and they still dont believe me .
even the fucking fire department confirmed its high and they dont care .
my neighbor said shes been smelling stuff whenever she turns on her heat and maintenence hasnt even answered her voicemails .
on our lease they gave us an attached sheet that lists what maintenence can and can not fix .
ac and heat is on the side of things they can fix .
my girl and i pretty much moved back with our parents because we dont feel safe and its too damn cold to not have the heat on .
its beem a month and the rare occasion they do pick up my call they get shitty with me and wont fix anything .
to break my lease i have to pay out the rest of the months except the last two .
my girl and i are students so we dont have the money to pay 4 months worth of rent just to break the lease .
last thing i did was leave a message telling them im seeking legal help .
ive had a couple other things that could hold up in court like raising our rent 35 bucks for no reason two months after we moved in and also coming in without giving notice after knocking only once to do routine checks . ''
for the later bosses in ffx such as seymour flux and yunalesca i simply used trio of 9999 to make those fights a breeze .
those items i got from remiem chocobo race definitely came in handy ...
i 've been doing pretty well with cico and have seen pretty good results in this one week of strictness .
i am wondering if you go over your calories for the day do you put them into your calories for the next day ?
i 'm sure it 's preference but was just wondering about the norm here !
does anyone give diaz any chance at all on beating t wood ?
i was wondering if anyone knows a good source for comic boos reviews where the focus is more on tpb 's rather than single issues .
a couple days ago i posted here freaking out about not being able to get my money from ibotta .
they got back to me and said my account had been flagged for suspicious activity '' but was deemed okay and i was able to pull out my 45 .
when i originally posted i was having a terrible week and this was just another thing .
i guess those people who were shitting on ibotta had probably done stuff against their code of conduct .
given the fact that what is legal and what is not changes alot are there any hud replacement addons that are legal ?
i was doing fractals with my guild last night and my party had so many buffs that it was actually blocking my view of the action ... ..
hi everyone i 'm trying to get a plan together to take care of my mental illness .
i live at home with my mom and dad so obviously they need to be part of it .
however they are very not understanding about mental illness at all .
i 've tried to explain to them over and over that the cure for bipolar is n't just toughen up '' .
i 've tried educating them on the disorder but they think mental illness research is a bunch of liberal propaganda '' .
i do n't know how to deal with them they 're not supportive of me trying to find therapy or any help for this disorder .
a lot of times i think it might be necessary to move out from them .
is 75 percent 30 hours per week too much to ask ?
i want to store my overwatch collection and my stranger things collection on separate shelves .
and it 's mostly because of a non-official website that shows a non-official number called elo .
according to the agora.gg i am currently 1700 elo .
i tried to play graystone today and guess what ... queue dodge after queue dodge after queue dodge !
i tried to get into a game for over an hour !
people are obsessed with this random ass number so much that it is ruining the game !
when i want to create a volume light affect dust particles etc .
ill take a sphere make it wireframe and add a material that includes volume absorption and scatter the usual way .
my question is on the object itself what affect does having the shadows '' option checked or unchecked have ?
i have noticed that when i have shadow unchecked and my volume is intersecting a wall there will be a black outline that goes away when the shadow option is checked .
i have also sometimes noticed that having the shadow option checked will make the volume effect more prominent .
i was cleaning my pc recently and realised i 've never opened my gamecube to clean it .
hey guys the other day i did something fun .
i found this ad for a 1988 honda shadow 1100 .
the bike did n't run and has a fix '' on the tank .
i was talking with the guy and we agreed on 350 for it .
went there with my buddies 535i and a trailer from uhaul and picked it up .
spent the next few days at work researching how to troubleshoot and today was my first day off so i started working on it .
i 've never worked on a carburetor before and that was the most challenging part of it so far .
took it off cleaned it up as much as i could .
i did n't touch any of the adjustment screws because i have no idea how to sync carbs and i also do n't have the tools .
put everything back together and to my surprise it started .
tomorrow i 'm going to the honda dealership for the spark plug tool new sparkplugs oil and filter .
https youtu.be/p_kx0cv2xpu of course i took it for a spin immediately .
i 've only owned sports bikes before and have been riding for 9 years now and i decided that i 'll learn about carburetors and cruisers with this .
i 'm planing on doing a similar thing with a dirt bike soon .
do you guys have any stories like that too and how did it go ?
recently i have felt like i really need someone that i can just talk to about whatever is on my mind and i enjoy hearing other 's concerns and issues and if i can help with any issues that 's great !
my biggest hobby is music recently i have been checking out underground hip-hop ex aesop rock brother ali grieves atmosphere etc .
pc is my console '' of choice which i just recently built and i enjoy playing first/third person shooters like pubg cs overwatch and rust but they are n't the only ones i play .
i am going to college for computer science first semester woo .
but my favorite shows when i do are mr .
robot stranger things rick and morty and it 's always sunny in philadelphia .
seems like with the last patch the distance you can throw grenades has been reduced .
when i click on a tournament icon it shows my position it is loading all the time and crashes game .
just closed it every time i am going to check this .
for centuries and centuries the holy wars have been going on without us ever knowing .
the divine and the demonic locked in an unending battle for power continue to fight though neither side can truly remember why .
a deep rooted hatred one that fuels the cruelest of hearts and the most savage of instincts .
that is all that angels and demons can feel for one another .
when a lone angel is dragged to the depths of hell taken by the fiendish hordes from below .
what kind of cruel fate awaits her punishments designed only for hell 's greatest foes ...
this prompt is actually based on another i read on here before but it did n't really take off so i figured i 'd try to find some interested parties myself !
i have a lot of ideas of how this could play out and i 'd love to hear yours as well !
i 'd prefer a long term rp but if you 're only in the mood for a one-shot this scenario works fairly well for that too !
i have a friend who 's trying to get healthy but is skeptical about smoothies and needs to watch his blood sugars i 'm looking for a smoothie that tastes great wo n't screw his sugars and one that i can throw down some nutrition knowledge bombs on to help seal the deal .
i am using the google keyboard on my note 8 .
is it possible to name both the 2.4 ghz and 5 ghz networks the same and will devices switch between them as needed seamlessly ?
more importantly can i name the networks the same between the different access points and will they operate as one large network ?
sounds ideal but not sure if it works that way .
talking 3-5 wireless routers each with a 2.4 and 5 ghz network broadcast a guest network .
just curious if i can name em all the same and make it work the way i think it would .
i think i know the answers to some of these and marked them with what i think is happening .
do proposals that are rejected stay on the blockchain ?
do they stay on the blockchain forever or do they expire '' ?
in a hundred years will people be able to look back at the current proposals ?
what 's the max size in kb/mb that a proposal can be ?
i assume this could be as large as the actual block ?
is there any plans or is it currently possible a way to upload images for example diagrams with a proposal to explain things ?
is there a place where the technical details of proposals are documented ?
thanks and keep up the good work you guys are doing .
i think there should be an arcade game mode that is similar to the battlefield of eternity in hots where both teams have to fight the other team 's boss while protecting their own boss .
each team could have their own boss be a giant titan omnic .
they 'd have to protect their own titan while helping it destroy the enemy team 's titan .
the two titans would clash in the center of the map .
i 'm watching magnolia again and i 'm just curious about what the rap means what the kid sings to john c reilly 's character like does it foreshadow something in the film or does it genuinely help him with the case ?
heya i 'm planning an upcoming campaign that revolves around the players interacting with multiple competing factions that all want very different things .
i 'm looking for a system that lets me manage the player 's relationships with these factions ie keep track of which ones they annoy which ones they impress which ones they get back into the good graces with which ones they piss off so bad they send kill teams after the players .
anyone know of any systems that manage factions really well ?
i 'm going to name a name because there is no other way around .
it 's about 1clickproduct developer with dozens of extensions .
i 'm not saying they 're definitely doing something unethical but that 's what it looks like so far .
the entire top rated extensions category of amo is filled with their extensions https i.imgur.com/fkh9mjj.png .
the extensions have few users and lots of 5-star ratings .
when you look at the user-to-rating ratio it 's remarkable that so few users decided to actively participate in the rating system and leave a 5-star rating .
if you look at other extensions you 'll see that an extension can have millions of users but only few thousands usually bother to sign in and rate .
and it 's the same accounts https i.imgur.com/juwmnyl.png that rate their extensions .
certainly not a coincidence especially since these are extensions that do completely different things so you 'd expect different demographics .
is this an abuse of the amo rating system or it 's due to a poor algorithm that decides what a top-rated extension is ?
i 've known that peter dinklage has a natural american accent but speaks with a british one on his show game of thrones and also that hugh laurie who has a natural brit played dr house with an american accent but ...
fake as in when the actor and character have a different accent .
walter koenig american and chekov russian as well as james doohan canadian and scotty scottish but both were because the characters they were playing were specifically russian and scottish .
i know marina sirtis tried an accent for troi as troi was 'alien ' but by-in-large i ca n't recall too many fake accents '' in trek .
spoilerish discovery question s why then does jason issacs a brit play lorca with an american accent ? ''
the answer to this question could lead to new theories or re enforcement for ideas about existing theories but it hit me that this is a pretty rare thing as nobody stopped picard from having a british/scottish accent .
i heard some people got a hyperbola question on the october test .
could anyone tell me what the question was asking or any other hyperbola question they have seen on the act before ?
i was right there when my friend found out her dad is having a heart attack and is being taken to the hospital .
i put my arm around her shoulder and hugged her i hoped it would feel somewhat less anxious as she was trying to call her mom but our other friend told me i was just making it harder .
i wanted to do my best so bad but i had no idea what does someone feel in a situation like that .
when i had to leave i just said i wish her the best and that i love her .
i thought just showing support and having her not feel alone at that moment should be the most i could do but apparently i was wrong so i 'm left very confused .
she just texted me saying they arrived at the hospital and he is feeling better .
i 've had the fortune of befriending 2 different players who had le units .
i thought the le difference at that time was the fact that he dealt an extra constant 150-ish damage on each attack no matter how much damage his regular attack did .
however more recently i befriended someone who had celebration ovarou and aside from his unique item boosting all his stats he seemed not too special compared to le ovarou in-game stat-wise .
when we read 2 cor 2 5-11 it speaks of those being saddened by their actions .
so yes sin has taken place verse 6 says the rebuke of the majority is sufficient for such a man .
this was to be the act that brought people to their senses .
now if you have set your self in opposition to jehovah then yes this is where keeping the congregation clean principle applies i will leave that for now .
what we read in 2 cor chapter 2 lets us know that for most things love was supposed to be the appeal to ones who have sinned .
1 cor 5 lists many reasons why we would stop association with someone .
but let 's think how many of us have displayed some of these characteristics ?
we all have faults and things we are working on .
but that does not make us evil people benefitting death .
the congregation in corinth took things too far with paul 's counsel in chapter 5 about the man commiting a sin with his father 's wife .
yes shocking as that was at the time paul had to write back and tell them they went to far .
paul was not there but knew enough to tell them that shunning this man was wrong .
now remember this is saul of tarsus we speak of they used to be terrified of him .
and he says shunning this man was too much ! !
galations 6:1 says use a spirit of mildness when trying to readjust someone .
their some died but david kept bathsheba and went on .
no disfellowshipping no you have angered god and must die .
it 's also odd that we quote 1 cor 5 a lot when we talk of disfellowshipping but never use the second half of the same situation to show that love and forgiveness is what was really needed .
tl dr wife wants to leave i do n't want her to .
we 've been to one counseling session and she 's been to one on her own .
should i give up hope and cut bait or not ?
edit relationship timeframe we 've been married 5 years together for 8 .
on monday last week i came home early so i could take a conference call and still manage to get our kids 7 4 from their schools .
while there i was taking care of few other things and found a letter she left for me .
in it she explained that she loved me loved our family but was n't happy or content .
she said she thinks this is it for us and the most confusing thing to me that she loves me but is n't in love with me .
i woke up in the middle of the night that night and wrote her a letter .
in it i explained that even though she does n't think it 's my fault i 'm sure that there is equal blame between us .
i explained that i did n't want this to be it for us and that i wanted to fight for and fix our relationship .
we talked some more she says she wants us to work out but that she does n't see how .
we went to couples counseling on friday where she maintained that she thought i was a great guy but that she had lost the passion for our relationship .
she told the counselor that she did n't think passion could be created that you either have it or you do n't .
he the counselor said something to the effect of well it sounds like you 've made up your mind '' she replied i think i have . ''
so i asked her again if she wanted it to work with us .
she says she does but she does n't think it will and does n't see how .
so the counselor suggested she see someone on her own to try to figure out what exactly she wants .
i asked her this time what her goals were for her individual session either to save the marriage or to feel less guilty about leaving .
she said this time it was probably to feel less guilty .
i asked again if she wanted to save the marriage .
she said yes but again that she does n't see how it will work .
i told her that i thought if she wanted it to work between us she should change her goals to be to save the marriage first and feel less guilty second .
later on i talked to her and mentioned maybe she should also talk to the therapist about figuring out what was making her unhappy so that maybe we could address that .
she had her first individual session yesterday afternoon but apparently did n't discuss much other than the generic questions that we filled out on paper last time so she did n't have much to say last night .
in the meantime i 've been stepping up my game '' bringing home coffee flowers and what not .
trying to take the kids to get them out of her hair so that she could recharge she 's an extreme introvert .
we 've been cuddling more i 've been saying i love you '' and she usually reciprocates more giving her more back rubs/massages and trying whatever i can to reignite the passion she says she 's missing .
it 's been roughly a month since we 've had sex i 've told her that although i think it 's an important part of any relationship that i was willing to wait until she was ready and wanted to have sex again .
i feel like since she is willing to go to counseling there 's still hope for us .
is there any way in your experience to prevent her from leaving at this point ?
i 've found that i ca n't stay logged into ea servers during career mode .
normally it 'll happen when switching between screens if i go idle or after returning to the cm screen from playing a match .
not a huge deal just curious if anyone 's experienced this as it 's mildly irritating .
like the title says wondering if i should look to buy pokemon ultra sun or ultra moon if i already have but have n't beat the original pokemon sun ?
do the new parts look so good that it 's worth buying it again and playing through the new experience ?
or should i just play what i have now and will that cover basically everything for me ?
hi i 'm rob and i 'm a bronze tier scrub .
last night i played several matches in solo hero league .
on two occasions the players who had first picks were chatty while the last pickers said nothing .
when the last pickers got their turns they insisted on playing heroes that gave us janky compositions .
both times there was some obligatory complaining followed by sincere discussion of what our strengths are and how we could adapt to them .
everyone played their roles pinged the map to communicate and in the end we eked out wins .
one thing that helped a ton is that nobody on the team got insistent on having their i told you so '' moment .
when people did critique it was i want you to do this '' and not you 're a moron for doing that . ''
berating another player so you can get your vindicating i told you so '' moment when the team loses will only make that player play worse because you 're filling them with further self-doubt .
do n't dwell on the comp you wish you had play to the comp you 're stuck with .
if you throw a match in frustration you 're guaranteed a loss .
if you try there 's some non-zero chance of winning .
remember that if you 're in bronze your opponents are also in bronze .
deciding you 're doomed based on your team 's comp/behavior only accounts for 50 of the information .
be aware that bronze players may not deep dive builds and strategies in their free time .
what is to you plainly obvious that another player should do may be a thing another player has n't considered .
are they more likely to take your advice if you call them an idiot or if you ask nicely and thank them if they follow through ?
when a player does n't listen to advice remind yourself that it 's just one player .
when you have a few unskilled/uncooperative teammates in a row you 'll be tempted to jump to the conclusion that everyone in bronze is unskilled/uncooperative .
do kindly remind players to soak xp if your team gets behind .
many bronze players fall into the trap of oh crap they 're getting ahead !
we need to teamfight and win to get breathing room '' or my hero is supposed to be strong against this one so it 's okay to dive/engage even when we 're a level/talent tier behind . ''
probably the worst part about getting excessively negative in one match is that the mood/attitude could carry into and toxify/hinder your next match .
it 's really to your benefit to keep your cool in a bad match so you 're not toxic going into the next one .
i 'll be out there in bronze again tonight trying to stay positive and set the example .
hi all i 'm a poor phd student redundant i know and i recently found out that i have unlimited google drive storage .
i 'm interested in using it for an online backup solution and to sync files between my laptop and desktop .
i was worried about the privacy of the account since it 's managed by my university .
your university google drive access is kept indefinitely so you should be fine storing backups there .
the main difference in privacy and security between your standard google account and your university google account is that university gmail admins do have the ability to see files within your drive but must get court sanctioning such as a subpoena or a warrant before doing so without your permission .
reliability should be the same since its hosted out of google 's servers .
i want to use it to back up documents pictures and music .
it seems like as long as i do n't upload anything personal or sensitive in nature it would be fine to do so .
nsfw pictures or personal information would be backed up another way .
natty ice is the best beer to get drunk fast .
the skunky aroma and taste makes you chug the whole beer so that you can get drunk as fast as possible .
it may initially taste bitter but the after taste is what i think accomplishment tastes like and i 've had my share of accomplishments .
and i 've never minded the smell or taste of skunk .
2 worst beer in the world but it is the no .
i still have equip from 1 year ago it has about 8k main power stats but at the moment i feel like i am not progressing and stuck at c4 should i sell like my equip/everything just to progress ?
this would be my first setup that is n't a logitech kit .
i 'm looking at a bic america f12 a set of bic dv62 's and an smsl sa50 .
is everything i listed going to play nice together .
any suggestions would help out greatly as this would be my first setup .
we got a lot of support in my thread asking people to critique the belt for my new promotion .
and i promised to keep everyone updated on what we 're doing next .
i just set up an apparel store https www.teepublic.com/t-shirt/2058628-ics-wrestling-apparel through tee public hoping to raise some funds to help offest the costs of getting everything off the ground .
i 'm not asking or begging anyone to buy a shirt i 'm just putting the information out there for anyone wanting to keep up with us .
if this is n't allowed just let me know and i 'll delete the thread .
also i would n't mind any critiques on how the design looks on the shirt .
like i said in my first thread about ics i 'm always willing to listen to everyone 's opinions on this sort of stuff .
i see tons of posts saying gear has a 5-15 affect on stats in pvp but when me and my buddy former 2k 2s partners team up for 2s we get absolutely rofl stomped like lowbies questing in stv in vanilla wow ... . no amount of cc cc breakers interrupts defensive cds etc has had any affect on the onslaught .
mind you i 'm around 895 ilvl and he 's around 870 but we have 0 mmr and could n't win a match or even come close last night ... . are we missing some big key element here because we had absolutely no fun last night
why do fishing rods and family quests require materials that are no longer present in the game ?
so i have now gone through my third set of rca cables .
i could smell the last set of cables burning out .
edit the only rca being burnt is the one between the strapped amps .
rca cable from head unit to 'master ' amp is fine .
both are the same brand and purchased at the same time .
you do n't know me i do n't know you .
we worked at the same damn chain steakhouse for just under a year and your face has n't even begun to recede from my thoughts .
how is it that i saw you on day one and became completely enamored ?
why is there something so familiar about that face of yours that keeps me coming back ?
your movements the cadence of your voice that goofy smile you hide away for only those you care about most .
it was like i had known you for at least a decade but had only just met you .
you 'd think i would have met someone new someone just as handsome and charismatic as you to think about .
it 's weird that you might have taken interest in me .
you flirted ... and i stood there as dense as a lead brick thinking that someone like you would never want me .
in minecon earth the communnity will be able to vote on mob .
keyrex level up bot bonus cd-key http steamcommunity.com/id/keyrexbot http steamcommunity.com/id/keyrexbot
each cs go key you will get 17 card sets equivalent to 1700 xp .
each tf2 key you will get 12 card sets equivalent to 1200 xp .
every 220 gems will get you 1 card set equivalent to 100 xp .
! help show you the commands and what they do
! owner show the admin profile if you have any problems you may contact me
! stats show current amount of bot currencies sets gems keys
! level your dream level calculate how many sets and how many keys it will cost to desired level
! check show how many sets the bot have available and how much you can craft
! check amount show how many sets and which level you would reach for a specific amount of keys
! checktf amount show how many sets and which level you would reach for a specific amount of keys
! checkgems amount show how many sets and which level you would reach for a specific amount of gems
! buy amount of cs go keys use to buy that amount of cs go keys for sets you dont have following the current bot rate
! buytf amount of tf keys use to buy that amount of tf keys for sets you dont have following the current bot rate
! buygems amount of sets use to buy that amount of sets for gems following the current bot rate
! buyany amount of cs go keys use to buy that amount of cs go keys for any sets following the current bot rate
! buyone amount of cs go keys use this if you are a badge collector .
bot will send only one set of each game following the current bot rate
! buyonetf amount of tf keys use this if you are a badge collector .
bot will send only one set of each game following the current bot rate
! buygemsone amount of sets use this if you are a badge collector .
! sell amount of cs go keys use to sell your sets for cs go key s
! sellgems amount of sets use to sell your sets for gems
! selltf amount of tf keys use to sell your sets for tf key s
! sellcheck amount of cs go keys use to check information about sets you can sell
my home gym has gathered a bit of a following and is now being used by 3-5 people every-other evening .
while this is great for motivation and general shenanigans the downside is the average time of a session has gone from a solo 45mins to 2 hours .
the main bottlekneck is that i only have one oly bar and one set of weights that i first bought with the rack this setup https www.powerhouse-fitness.co.uk/bom-cf475-package-rubber-kit .
we try our best to program our sessions to tag-team certain lifts but when one person is needs a longer rest or is doing an extra set it really kills the flow .
i 'm looking to buy one new oly bar and a set of bumper plates for the following reasons
i have recently started to learn the olympic lifts at a local gym and will want to start practicing at home .
second new bar will be used outside the rack do n't want people dropping a nice bar on safety arms and voiding warranty and bumpers will save the floor when i inevitably need to bail out of a lift .
old bar has no bushings/bearings so tends to transfer torque .
this only really applies to the current amount of traffic in my garage .
when/if i move this may reduce but i imagine an extra bar would help in the long run .
i 've been trawling the internet to find reviews/videos of products that ship to the uk but its mostly just rogue etc .
does anyone have any experience using bumpers/bars from uk/eu suppliers outside of the 'major ' brands ?
it 's not exactly a small investment so i 'd prefer something that has proven longevity .
i 'm not against buying from big brands but if there 's a cheaper and similar alternative i 'm all ears !
i understand that rogue have a pretty decent black friday sale in the us are there any uk/eu brands that typically have a sale at this point too ?
watching the trailers and especially the ending when rey is offered the hand of kylo ren after asking for guidance 'show me my place in all this ' ...
would n't it be cool especially in terms of balance for rebel teams galore and cls domination ... to have dr darth rey as a cls mirror character ?
that would be soooo cool especially if they give her some cool sith synergy and also add snoek ... oh the time of the sith is upon us ...
feh channles preset us around 8:34 effie fighting axe guy and xander and we got tottaly new animation and sound when we got attacked for 0 .
i 'm looking for a jack-of-all-trades computer something i can game with watch movies edit videos write draw etc .
i 've had no desire to get vr but is the new surface book 2 w i7 16gb capable of supporting vr gaming with a good framerate ?
hi all has anyone ever been on a tour of any of the filming locations for got ?
was thinking i would like to go but i ca n't decide which location i would most like to see !
from the uk and at the moment open minded about time of year/budget trying to decipher what our options are on where to go and then worry about that after !
hi guys does anyone know about good camping spots in gauteng that are dog friendly ? ?
i 'm roaming on sprint too much and after 100mbs my phone is basically useless while roaming .
i do n't rely on the ipads cell service like my phones so it 's not as big of a deal and i did n't want to have to pay 700 to pay it off but if i have to i will .
want to compete in the 2k this sunday also other tourneys and pp ladder .
hopefully an australian community that we all can help each other with homework and other education related things .
as we know the rewards are fixed for weekly objectives could we get a sticky post with rewards .
will really help me and im sure many others know if its worth doing them .
you have a small snoo that redirects you to the front page and some text that redirects you to your shitty subreddit .
so why did you hide the snoo you fucking idiot ?
how about you do n't fuck with the basic layout of the website instead and stick to to just ruining the general look and feel of your sub ?
i 'm not against customization but do n't make it look like your snowflake tumblr blog by completely disregarding what a non-styled reddit page should look like .
i 'm used to clicking top-left when i want to go back but now thanks to you i ca n't .
how about you move the subscribe '' button as well and give it a new quirky name instead .
that way i can finally be sure that i wo n't join your abortion of a subreddit even by mistake .
and the thing is that so many subs tend to ignore these basic ux principles .
they look flashy but they try so hard to be different that they end up being steaming piles of shit .
more like learn how to not be a shitty frontend developer ''
one that fakes emotions so you do n't blink out because you 're cold hearted .
one that wants to love wants to see the good but is disappointed plenty a time .
the loving and innocent one is the female side of me
the other is the man who wants to win conquer and survive .
that 's why i ended up where i am .
i 'm amazed she is still therewith everything he has done
thinking about how easy it could be to create chaos .
i thought i was being smart when i decided to stay home .
instead of going out working or going to school .
looking back it was n't a smart move but it 's one i 've made and have to live with .
when i slightly touch about this subject around people they do n't believe me
they think i decide it and want to blame someone else
they do n't know how people can struggle in their mind .
they do n't know what it is to hear an other voice in your head .
even the religious people who believe in the voice of god .
even they do n't believe there is a voice .
i gave lied to so many people about why is stay home .
but by doing that i created a second life .
one that lives home with a family who thinks he does n't have school or very little of that .
the struggle of those life 's colliding and breaking everything
i know ‘the one solution ' he talked about is not it .
the cheapest one was fine when i bought it last time .
ordered a couple of different brands now that are on their way .
i found choosing my top ten iconic musicals rather difficult i kept second guessing myself questioning if i was choosing something because of it 's personal influence on me and seeing that as having a lasting affect on the rest of the world or if it genuinely was iconic .
it 's on hbo here in the country often confused with switzerland in the us .
i use the fifth edition character sheet along with that same dev 's custom builder and dm tools apps in conjunction with the 5th edition spellbook app ... it 's just a pain adding in spells to the spellbook app so i may be shifting away from it for something else .
in any case the new update that hit a few days ago may be beta users only dunno added so much to it so i 'm even more stoked to recommend it .
sure give me the link to the patch notes where this is stated .
wow that 's not shitposting it 's an opinion just like our boi matpat himself you get mad if you receive an ounce of criticism ai n't that right ?
dad had a japanese anti-personnel bomb he brought home from wwii .
it was about 10 '' long and looked just like a scaled down version of a real '' bomb .
you could unscrew it and see the explosive part had been removed .
apparently jap zero pilots would toss these out of the cockpit by hand .
wwii you think of as being more advanced but no the germans were still hauling artillery with horses .
my first wingman game had a dude with 2 hours blatantly cheating .
your mistake here was opening facebook in the first place .
i 'm in the new amp market i think i want a mark v25 but it 's hard to find mesa stuff in the flesh here .
the real criteria is small tube effects loop but there are too many options i want to try that i just ca n't seem to find in person .
adam from stockopedia here we offer a free service alongside our paid data and screening ones that give you free portfolio tracking analysis news quotes discussion and more !
we 're a super friendly bunch here so if you have any problems or want a free trial of our data and tools just let us know
you should have gone in with a fake set of chesticles and put them to shame
i mean from sansa 's released chapter it 's pretty clear that 's the case .
so much more interesting than what happens in the show .
you know returning to the emotional age i was when i started was something which i did not expect it was only after i realized that that i began to notice other people mentioning a similar thing .
it 's almost as though your 'whole self ' wakes up and goes oops slipped sideways for a while now where was i ?
'' and starts down the path that you were meant to follow disregarding the fact that a lot of time has passed !
i took advantage of this surprising fact though and chose to act as though i was still that youth .
i remember hearing when i was young my aunts and uncles talking about how they did not feel as old as they chronologically were apparently this is a feature of living you are only as old as you feel you are ! ''
and might as well be exploited for all we can get out of it !
you see that 'time ' is kind of an illusion .
the storms of youth which you are now experiencing then can provide you with an unusual sensitivity that most people of your age have lost how can that be helpful to you ?
if life is a poker hand you just got dealt a joker where i play that 's a wild card make it count !
it annoys the shit out of me that tools are blue . they should change them to gold so all the icons match .
judging from the connector the dock will be based on thunderbolt 3 x4 which means native displayport native power and native usb .
if that is the case the only things which will likely require a driver are audio and ethernet .
assume she just happens to be looking in my direction because that 's probably the case lol .
but nah serious answer if you 're in a bar that 's obviously a social setting and if she keeps looking back at you multiple times there 's nothing wrong with going over and saying hello .
yes you can sue them for negligence causing damage to your property .
do it if you have to but straight-up write a letter first .
90 of these jokers just rely on people not knowing shit and not saying anything .
the second you show that you 've read the rta they pretty much just cave .
sorry if anyone got spoiled i 'm not sure how to do the black bar thing if anyone could tell me i 'll fix it .
make it one-handed and usable with other melee weapons and shields i 'm in .
mf is pretty lane dominant so transferring to something like twitch or vayne could be pretty rough
i think both would go into a rage if the other was killed .
the fishhook icon should have been the first red flag but what really surprises me is the length people are going to to steal an account .
we already have a currency board in place so politicians have limited influence over currency .
i added in the us equivalent price if we discarded the vat tax in the post .
if i sub to twitch for example when i click the 4.99-button the new page shows that i pay in euro and tax i cluded which increases what i actually pay so instead of 4.99 i pay around €6 .
even if you remove vat it 's about twice as much than the us equivalent per income since we are taxed so heavily on i come aswell .
i lose 33 of my salary before even getting it to my account to pay the bills .
i will have a look on my laptop when i get home but very interestinh .
i had a cool quash match as sid vs aiden english it lasted 36 seconds
i think it was 2 punches a gorilla press irish whip with big boot chokeslam powerbomb .
i do n't think 2 men should get married '' and 2 .
i do n't think 2 men should be allowed to get married '' are totally different positions .
i can respect the former and all you have to do in that situation is ... not marry another man .
but if you are n't content with that and need to force your heavily cherry picked interpration of your religion on everyone else regardless of if they share your beliefs is pathetic authoritarianism .
but how does the fact that the foreign workers get such poor treatment not register as poor life for citizens to you ?
colourless for bridelia ca n't fail twice to get her just ca n't .
if ever in an asda have a look at the games .
often get new releases a little cheaper and they normally aerie a few days in advance d
other than that do you have a preowned place like cash converters/cash generator ?
they often do n't know how to price games .
a torrent client is not going to be the fastest/easiest way to have a lag switch .
i do not want to say his play was garbage it 's still good but my gosh ...
i feel the exact same way especially since every single person 's explanation of how to get guys at bars involves staring at and making eye contact with them which i can not imagine would do anything other than really creep them out .
everyone else knows how to do this intuitively though and my cluelessness makes me feel really sad and hopeless .
i honestly wonder if i 'm autistic or something .
this comes naturally to everyone else i 've asked about it so no one can explain it to me .
unrelated the wait time between being allowed to post comments on here is fucking ludicrous .
so gazza me old mate how about you draft a proposed change to section 44 and try and a convince parliament to put it to a vote and then b try and convince the electorate to vote for it .
tactical recognition flash trf is the official british military term for a coloured patch worn on the right arm of combat clothing by members of the royal navy british army and royal air force .
a trf serves to quickly identify the regiment or corps of the wearer in the absence of a cap badge .
it is similar to but distinct from the dz flashes worn by members of airborne forces .
trfs should not be confused with formation signs or insignia which are used to denote the formation usually brigade or division or a higher headquarters and are worn in addition to trfs by a member of any regiment or corps serving in that formation .
as someone who loves the trilogy movies but have n't seen or read anything else .
ah see i 've got ww2 but i 'm not really enjoying it ... maybe i 'll persevere with it .
i enjoyed my first day of play on it but since then i 've found it very frustrating .
... you are saying that it 's philosophically okay to kill infants but we do n't because that would mean being allowed to kill disabled people .
so we arbitrarily choose birth as the cutoff point .
from what i can tell this is your position .
you are assuming that we should n't kill disabled people so even though it would be okay to kill infants we should n't because then we would be able to justify killing the disabled .
but if there is no other reason not to kill infants why is there any reason not to kill disabled people ?
essentially what i am saying is that the modern philosophy of rights and life is coherentist and derived from a system of beliefs rather than foundationalist systems .
if my previous paragraph is true then at minimum your presentation of the modern philosophy of rights is not coherent it assumes certain first principles more or less borrowed from christianity and then becomes consequentialism .
i 'm also not clear on how you differentiate your system of beliefs '' and my foundationalist '' system .
your system of beliefs needs to have a foundation otherwise it becomes more or less arbitrary and i have the right to arbitrarily reject it either wholesale or in part .
my foundationalist system is a system of belief grounded in certain first principles .
not all of which are religious in nature although we could have a whole debate on that .
if you reject my first principles fine but you ca n't claim that just because my system is founded on principles it becomes incoherent and incorrect .
i do n't understand this one could someone please explain ?
but do you really think those christian demographics made up the majority of the middle east ?
toy story 3 when they were trying to escape the incinerator and then they all accepted there fate and linked arms and the movie had you convinced it was bout to be the end .
i totally refute these allegations and will take all steps necessary to clear my name . ''
distinctive dental care is pioneer cosmetic family dental located in bloomington mn .
their team is a group of friendly charismatic and professionals who are experts in giving the best dental care experience to all their patients .
they believe in to make their patients fully aware of the process being followed during their dental care .
the clinic is also well equipped with advanced dental technologies that further enhance the quality of dental care provided by them .
their specialties in dental care include cosmetic dentistry restorative dentistry pediatric dentistry and comprehensive general dentistry .
you personally would you buy a new bridge or just replace the saddles ?
yeah and they 're pretty openly treating it as an olympic dummy run like japan .
if it was n't for that fide rule his rating would have been 3008 now .
not when theresa may bans tyler the creator for comments he said like 8 years ago
but again ... you do n't have to swallow 'em 😜 .
why does the left constantly make everything about race ?
is it exhausting always trying to be a victim of something ?
well see thats the b.s about this country if you got a lil bit of fame you get by with almost anything if that been a normal person he wouldnt have done it .
tbh id left there ass over there and not cared what the ball family or media said ik thats cold but the simple fact is they broke the law .
no not even if you 've got police officers in full riot gear '' protecting your terrified snowflake asses .
i just opened my golden pack for amazon prime .
please keep the subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/redditsync/about/rules in mind when posting feature requests .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/redditsync if you have any questions or concerns .
i would like to say that your more guns in first game '' is bullshit .
i think you mean it has less blaster pistols then first game '' .
there 's of course the hobbit and lord of the rings i would start with those .
and then the silmarillion which shows us the creation of arda earth and it 's history throughout the first 3 ages .
then there 's the children of hurin book which is just a longer more in-depth version of the chapter of the same name in the silmarillion .
and as for unfinished tales it is a collection of various writings and manuscripts .
it also contains many early versions of stories told in the silmarillion .
the most recent book beren and luthian is again a story already told in the silmarillion a collection of drafts and early versions showing how the story changed over the years and even decades .
lastly we have the 12 volume histories of middle-earth series .
now despite the title these books are more about the history of how tolkien first began writing the books than their in-world history .
i 've only read the first two volumes which contianed the very first version of the silmarillion which was known as the book of lost tales .
christopher tolkien would also provide notes giving us insight into when it was written why and where tolkien was at in his life when writing it .
it 's very interesting but not for the casual fan .
basically if you want the actual history of middle-earth that is found in the silmarillion .
but if you 're looking for very early rough drafts of the stories told in the silmarillion and lord of the rings then histories of middle-earth is where you can find them .
i hope this helps and that you enjoy the books !
is it bad that i like the original keesi 3 over this one ?
i convinced my mom to buy some at .14 .
it was a bit nerve racking at the time since price was rising quick .
i was prepared to cover losses if needed as the amount was minimal .
be sure to explain that the volatility is very high and can drop 50 or more .
would also be good to help them differentiate in the top cryptos .
around these levels seems like a relatively safe entry but we may not stay here much longer .
it changes but the shit i always make sure i have a bottle of around are sammie elixir 08 and ticonderoga so maybe one of those .
the difference is specifically when keeping your finger on the screen and slowly scrolling up rather than flinging up .
it seems like the position it 's getting on your finger is not steady so the screen jitters up and down while you move it .
with flinging to scroll it 's smoother than my moto x 2013 and nexus 6 but touching and slowly panning up it 's way jerkier .
i found out the stuff you put on tires to make em look wet all the time does this to concrete also
hey lay off i married a guy with my dad 's name .
i 'm wondering aswell.. i 'm just sitting here ... waiting to see what they answer.. just scrolling around into nothingness over here ...
ylt are i feel one of the big originators of the cozy sound that you find a lot of on bandcamp-style albums .
normally it disappears when you exit wiggle mode this time it did n't .
to be clear this was n't in wiggle mode .
write a story about a sissy who 's daddy only allows her to cum once for every sissy-smut story she writes and is approved by daddy .
i ca n't tell you about interactions between the drugs but i can tell you that vyvanse changed my life seriously i think the last couple of comments i have made on random posts are about it .
as far back as i can remember i have had this little food alarm that would go off in the back of my head every 30 seconds .
all day no matter what i was doing where i was or even if i was currently eating i was thinking about food .
trying to release that sweet sweet dopamine by eating and literally just putting my hand to my mouth like a baby with a bottle .
but then i went on vyvanse and dear lord my brain shut off .
in a good way like i was able to think and function without having this obnoxious voice in my head that reminded me that food existed all the time .
i eat when i am hungry and not when i remember that there 's a rogue mini snickers in my purse from halloween or that the food truck outside my work makes blts or that we have pringles in the pantry and it would be great to eat them at 3 am .
is it as pay to win as i 'm inclined to think a f2p game based on a ccg with stupidly rare cards is ?
i do want to get a 29w power adapter and usb-c to lightning cable for fast charging and i kind of want to get a wireless charger .
i have n't decided what i want to do just yet .
i also want to get a pair of airpods .
my mom and i used to make cakes for my kids ' birthdays before she passed away earlier this year .
when we used fondant we would kneed it with a little bit of almond extract .
it make the consistency much better and added to the flavor .
i still prefer icing over fondant but this was a good compromise for times we had to use the material .
i did the same after their piss poor release of the nes classic and figuring the snes classic would be similar .
it feels smug as hell trying to convince others that this is the way to go though even if it is cheaper works the exact same and gives you a much larger library of games .
if so and they can tell they may give you a fix it ticket to go see the state referee .
it was the only time where a technician actually had a look at the entire system to ensure everything was oem .
even the o2 sensor next they do the sound and sniffer test .
once you pass that you may need to go to court to prove that the car passed to be able to register your car again .
you look like one those vaguely italian new yorkers who yells for no reason .
is this edit project site the download for the vanilla ?
sorry for dumb questions i 'm very new to this .
does anyone know of an artist that is similar to blackbear but not full of lyrical garbage and just does n't look like complete trash ?
i was into blackbear for a while but he 's not the image of an artist i want to support .
you have a beautiful daughter she will be thankful to have you in her life !
people is an american mag americans are predominantly white people tend to be more attracted to people of their own ethnicity .
you know the game mode that made the original battlefronts so popular ?
a mode devoid of battle points for vehicles and the addition of multicrew vehicles ?
we have a tendency to see the mistakes of others rather than our own .
yes there will be trolls but both teams have a chance of having them so over 240 games it should definitely even out ...
you are not voc ... voc is a character in the realm of wraeclast you are simply a medium .
i played sonic the hedgehog for 20 years before i ever unlocked super sonic .
i do n't think too many of us care whether china overtook our economy .
it 's a matter of our own regression as a nation .
i never heard of taari '' as a different kind of sahti .
apparently someone is now trying to revive that style as well !
i checked my untappd history and i realized i even tried one 2 years ago at helsinki beer festival !
my comment was light sahti with strong junpier notes '' .
one article of a famous finnish beer blogger making a batch at home
imo power and wealth continues to get funneled to the top in most civilizations .
europe and asia have much older civilizations so there has been more time for the top to gather more from the bottom .
aww man it 's like i had no chance of getting through school with or without them i got a lot further with them though despite the ridiculous side effects .
how anyone can take it and have it not fuck them up is a mystery to me
edit smith said she actually has been known to live in baltimore ... .
i can sell the tickets just do n't know where i 'd go if that was the case .
altidore and bradley deserve all the shit they are getting .
except jozy who does n't even have a tattoo .
burning a city to the ground means there is literally nothing left .
you 're saying everyone in ferguson burnt down each other 's homes and businesses ?
from my experience this is 1000 not true at all
every single game i am matched with players with all 3 star card slots unlocked
what about new players 3 months from now the logic you are failing to display will keep me from giving you any for this game
it 's similar to having a perk that lets you plant/defuse bombs faster in snd .
i had no idea i 'm sure i 've ignored this gun while i had junken too smh
that 's morally different from a stereotyped serial killer who kills innocent random victims .
that 's the case here and that 's why o brought it up .
i hope it 's clear when they do n't fit .
i mean thats the common logic but the consevatives were in power for the duration of our time in kandahar .
i 'm not going to drink with you today !
all my points are killer sided because the game is heavily survivor sided .
i honestly could have made it to rank one with survivor but survivor bores me with how easy it is .
you just have to learn where good juke spots are if you want to play immersed .
i think a part of the reason survivors are easy to find is no one play stealth .
why would you when you have so many answers to the few things killers can do ?
you have a budget you are willing to spend ?
they even forbid me from wearing the necklace so i bought a dog chain lol .
the only reason i did all that was to fit in because i got bullied a lot so i tried whatever i could to stop it .
that matchmaking you talk about is looking that everyone in the match has same equal values in terms of skill and inventory or is it looking at the whole team as an avg potentially adding you to a much strong team or a much weak team in order to balance the avg mmr of your team ?
if you jump on a dragons back you 're gon na have a bad time
can you imagine the lads doing the paint job ?
web novel s is hating change a facet of greed ?
the main thing i got from his character is lust because a huge part of his character is that he denies his need for people while being 100 lonely .
his fragile ego is more pride than greed too .
there is n't much that he desires unless you count wanting to be loved as greed it 's more lust imo . ''
but in measuring versatility and strength stopped time is way more powerful .
it 's a direct counter to sirius 's and carmilla 's cause he ca n't be affected by outside elements and if gluttony is memory related instead of reality warping then their authority wo n't work either .
and then there is the thing with the clear gap in strength between petelgeuse/satella/subaru despite having similar authorities ''
hey darling i was just googling your ex 's name and it looks like she is getting married on x date . ''
i 've been saying this for the past month .
he was fine but not really that interesting and he was just kind of there .
we already have one speedster what can the other really contribute that much ?
it 's not just alabama rank and file lining up behind moore .
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/search ? q=title 3aatlanta 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all new ! ! !
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/search.rss ? q=title 3aatlanta 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all
be sure to check the comments in all previous posts for any warning signs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
the players who need uber lab rushes that i 've seen are usually level 78 wearing a tabula and like to stick their 2.3k life dick into a roomba https i.ytimg.com/vi/efose9-1pvo/hqdefault.jpg
with the way he gets treated i honestly do n't blame him for leaving .
a little over two months on console less than a month on pc to accumulate feedback and begin development of changes of any kind much less qol overhauls that typically mean implementing wholly new features/concepts .
you do it faster without completely breaking the game .
that 's the only good thing about the eastern shore .
whatever is between ocean city and the western side of the bay bridge is irrelevant
yea ... i could n't find anything that tickled my fancy quite like these though .
i 've looked through all of cz 's web store and now cz customs as well .
closest i have is the czechmate and p01 grips .
our flaw is messing up in the first quarter and not having clutch shooters .
we can sign better shooters and our young talent will improve .
you really just ca n't and that sucks a lot .
you always see ymmv whenever anybody brings up the physical aspects of transitioning .
so either everything will change nothing at all will change or something in between ... how do you plan for that ?
it 's really just a coin toss which is n't fair but that 's just how it is
well my dad does have an array of tools .
and yeah i was thinking of just going with the original one since it 's something like 400w dc
wow i did not know pitt county nc went blue by 7.6 points .
but for chesterfield to go blue this quickly is amazing .
more and more people either living in the city or the suburbs because there is higher education and more opportunities .
richmond area is growing and people keep moving to chesterfield or the west end .
i do n't know about the original one but in new adventures of speed racer https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=7xtmbkpekek feature=youtu.be t=5m26s '' mechanic mentions 300 mph .
would n't be surprised if we or miami beat you
thank you for the incredibly generic boilerplate talking point but you did n't answer my question .
the reason why i ask is that i find it difficult to believe that these people who claim to just have an issue with israel 's policies and actions '' and who swear they do n't have anything against jews keep nazi-baiting to the point of outright slandering and lying .
i️ was gon na say castration wo n't stop them from diddling children but if it 's that plus being locked up then it would be more effective .
he has a basement work and bike training area so i 'll tell him to bring up dishes ect .
why did it not do better than avengers in your opinion ?
it was n't something i was really keeping tabs on srry
you could generate like 30 and then get item from list and select the range from 1 to 20 .
fun fact i ran track and field at university with an individual who is/was ranked in the top five in the world for the beer mile .
remember all those people who questioned whether the ravens chose the right qb and said tyrod was a better qb than joe the past few years because of his stat line that he loves to protect ? just lol .
it 's a nice idea i wo n't be buying any but i still hope it takes off .
i would invent bill gates ' salary and buy a red lamborghini .
there are allegations more serious than a consensual blowjob against clinton .
immer wie als würde wer mit einem filzklöppel auf einen alten teppich hauen .
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
i guess i got that one from another bundle .
would be awesome to have these cams on for professional games .
would imagine players would hastily wind there necks in with video footage of the way they treat refs about
also had no idea given was from donegal before hearing the accent .
ulster seems to produce a lot of good players for the republic .
you 're kind of making the leap that people know what destiny will like and what he wo n't though in fact i do n't really know why you seem to think you know what he will enjoy and what he wo n't .
any rooted phone is capable of doing the same things .
how is it that articles like democide '' which certainly suggests that protecting yourself from your government is necessary survive ?
i 've been saying for weeks that this is a deja vu .
because it looks like herman values continuity and thinks that the oline 's issues and injuries are out of their control .
he believes we have enough talent coming back on both sides next year to really compete .
i 'm kinda already past defending herman but i can at least see where he 's coming from .
even if i do n't necessarily agree with him .
yeah i guess the close neighbours relatively wealthy southern pre-germany and super-rich northern italy were quite a bit richer .
to feel superior people have to shit on things that other people find enjoyable .
it makes them feel better to think that other people 's interests are dumb and have no purpose .
i have a relative that pulls the sports specifically football for some reason are a distraction from what 's really going on '' and it 's just like what the romans did with gladiatorial games .
but he 's absolutely obsessed with ufc and he does n't find it ironic in the least .
good thing i know how to use most of the tools they sell or i would be in youtube each time i bought one .
i 'd like to second this with the caveat that the best condom is actually no condom in a loving committed relationship where other precautions are taken blah blah blah .
the argus questline took me about 4-5 hours i think in total .
after that you can do wq on there which will give much better rewards than on the bi .
also you will get the argunite which can be used to get 910 gear which is probably the best way to gear up .
i 'll probably remove the filter in like a week
thanks for the info think its time for me to delid !
without cbms and big franchises cinema would be on life support sadly .
i think the only reason the trend is going into the 2020s is because otherwise people would not go to cinemas .
studios built this business model for a lot of moneys they need to be committed .
unless people start turning away en masse nothing will change and the mcu/sw train is stronger than ever even the shitty dc movies turning out some profit .
no sane investor will spend hundreds of million on risky movies when you can make a game of thrones season from half of that money .
there is a reason everyone is investing in that .
paramount and sony are almost bankrupt fox almost sold their movies division .
there will be 3 studios left soon churning out endless trash .
i 'm in town tomorrow night and this looks pretty cool .
as a news host of a major korean cable news channel recently commented
the former us senate chaplain richard halverson commented that in the beginning the church was a fellowship of men and women centering on the living christ .
then the church moved to greece where it became a philosophy .
then it moved to rome where it became an institution .
next it moved to europe where it became a culture and finally it moved to america where it became an enterprise. next it moved to korea and became a chaebol conglomerate .
i found this album over a decade ago when i was really getting into the silent hill series and i loved how slow country reminded me of the ambiance in that series .
not sure if it means anything but as a clemson fan the one entire nathan peterman game i saw was last year 's upset win clemson .
in that game the te was the main weapon with 9 receptions 128 yards and 2 tds .
looking at full-season stats the te was the 2nd leading receiver for pitt on the team in receptions yards and tds .
with how much the buffalo offense typically relies on the te i do n't see why its role would be lessened .
if anything i see overall passing yardage going up so clay may even be a slightly better option moving forwards .
as this might be the best set of questions for this ama ... can you find a way to not give them a reason to ignore you ?
could be the small amount of draw from the computers and stuff is enough to drain it
do you plan to actualy have regular trooper cosmetics or skins not heroes i dont play as them .
do you plan to seperate the progression system from lootboxes ?
do you plan to release more single player dlc skirmish with full access to weapons vehicles and maps down the line or is this single player to patch in the incomplete story ?
just asking because your dlc plot is already in the main games files .
i have asked you all questions for years and never once received a reply now is your chance to show me the extent of your good intentions and answer my questions if you do n't please do not expect any good will to remain .
i would meet with the bishop every sunday and seek seek seek to find something that would help me know it was true but there was only one answer that could give me
if this is the case you can always use a simple excuse i could n't attend because i work to feed my child ''
my dad must have pawned my moms engagement ring too then and beat my dogs ass for shitting in the house .
if you can stick to vanguard funds and etfs and you are going to be investing modest sums regularly then you will almost certainty be best off using vanguard 's own platform .
on platform that charge £1.50 per trade the fees will soon build up if you 're trading frequently
you do not run a coffee shop where you can afford to properly pay your baristas .
like all food service the company relies on the customer to tip their workers .
making your drink promptly and how you asked is literally what they are being paid to do for every customer regardless of their order .
that 's the absolute base level of service not something that is above and beyond the call of duty .
there is nothing that says modifications are allowed at this price point .
the whole industry operates on doing these custom orders because a tip is extremely likely .
you are trying to level set the basic requirements .
but you are ignoring that the industry relies on tipping the baristas therefore they do n't have to set rules about modifications nor pay their people properly .
ever tried to order a complicated drink in europe ?
it 's really only america that has this massive obsession with complicated drinks and it 's only really worked because we are also the only ones with a tipping obsession .
i suspect heart disease or radiation poisoning will get to him long before that .
exactly why i was looking at other more discreet wands that have a dial instead of incremental speeds also rechargeable and waterproof is a big plus i thin i am going to go with the palmpower for now hitachi maybe later .
you ca n't use emotes when you take damage either if you use an emote and you get hit it disappears and goes on a cooldown ?
and having lots of things going well and still feeling down is totally a thing !
for me i tried to categories all the myriad of thoughts to see if i could notice any trends or common threads .
also when i was less medicated i could see these people who i know call phrens '' so i kind of knew their mo .
for me my anxiety and getting stuck had a lot to do with some of my different passions being so incredibly different but even more so that those passion if i made them hobbies which i have put me in some groups that have totally contray ethical systems .
this all makes decision making a blank stare straight ahead while i try and wait out the strom .
i do n't know if you can relate to that at all !
but if we 're talking about people engaging in sexually provocative dancing which i enjoy then get low '' by lil ' john and the eastside boyz some might say overrated buttfuck 'em is successful .
they lost my bags in august still have n't gotten it back
when you get hungry drink water it will curb your cravings .
do n't chew gum it starts digestion and makes your body think its about to eat .
if you are hungry and do n't have food at home go to sleep .
thought some1 was stealing ur art for a second when i saw a repost .
if you had said shit i would have agreed with that as well .
from virgin for £12 a month i have n't worried about mobile stuff .
sounds like there were some dues owed by the one that owned '' it ... what could have happened to cause it to spring such a leak in benign conditions have constant hydrostatic pressure on the hull..
if you own the game you can buy the dlc through the in-game mod menus on the top left .
no his endgame is world domination let 's not kid ourselves here .
i completely agree i feel like this game is the mobile game equivalent of old school wow but without any story or anything to keep a player invested outside of the nostalgia
or how about send out a mass text message that they strongly encourage everyone to sign up for ?
as someone who runs about a 27-28 minute 5k right now there is hope for me !
if exmna or someone from some similar organization can vet the person i am willing to help .
they do n't have a console they prefer pc gaming and like to keep as much consolidated there as possible for access to mods .
by your logic if you use an arcade stick you should only play on actual arcade machines .
when i was a kid i used to have a recurring nightmare where my brother sister and i were walking around a cave .
in order to leave the cave there was an elevator .
my brother and sister would get on it but i could never get on .
there was an invisible barrier that always prevented me to get on .
the doors would close and i would end up in the cave by myself .
another one i had to place in my grandmother 's old condo .
i used to dream about a pool taking up her while living room .
if be trying to get in it/swimming/or standing at the steps into the living room and there was this huge shark swimming in it .
thank you yeah i feel he is kinda weak on the ball
i 'm totally okay with either kyle or truex winning .
for some reason i 've just never been able to get fired up about harvick .
how do they plan to pay for this exactly ?
those games are meant to have them be a meaningful part of the service and not all of them force you to pay for cosmetics that 's the issue we are talking about this game was meant to have star card lootcrate micro transactions not cosmetics based lootcrates you fuckwad .
ah not on purpose but i do n't buy much of their games anyway .
i 'll switch to pes for soccer and only buy used maddens every other year .
i hardly speak with my wallet '' and i do n't think it will make amydifference in the grand scheme but i 'll rather get complete experiences for my 60 or whatever .
this post archive.org https web.archive.org/20171115012358/https i.redd.it/7658s6hkj1yz.jpg megalodon.jp http megalodon.jp/pc/get_simple/decide ? url=https i.redd.it/7658s6hkj1yz.jpg could not auto-archive click to resubmit it !
businesses throwing in the towels trying to stick with a highly congested chain with high fees .
thanks man you know that never crossed our minds but damn it would 've looked good .
what would result in you to the hospital the hops ?
i 'm not saying he should be charged for murder but he got a deal for unlawful imprisonment instead of fighting the kidnapping charges the dude above you was asking why the hell that happened and you said lack of evidence and i 'm asking exactly what lack of evidence there is when he admitted to the crime himself .
in one sentence it is a dopamine blocker '' .
of the brain 's estimated 120 billion cells only 400,000 send and receive dopamine .
this drug suppresses the function of most of those dopamine neurons and likely has effects on dopamine receptive cells throughout the body .
chemical lobotomy with terrible adverse drug reactions usually leading to death .
it is the drug that most people stop taking due to the terrible state it puts them in .
but the drug exists solely as a mind control device .
i do n't know if you were around for the reverse rare glendios but when set 15 was released in japan glendios was like 2 or 3 a case but when the set was released in the us it was a standard triple r so this could all be fixed .
read a fucking study they 'll blatantly say they are n't proving a causal relationship .
if guns cause crime the us sure has broken the mold given that gun ownership is stellar and crime is dropping .
i read on my commute home from work currently reading crossing eden by monte shulz which i can not recommend enough .
go to the movie theater moviepass or watch netflix/amazon prime .
i used to make a super hot bubble bath and listen to nirvana after an especially grueling day of work .
i love buzzfeed 's unsolved mystery series while eating ben jerry 's .
i 'll be cleaning out all of the mods who do n't get back to me by tomorrow
how about you quit barking orders and do the work you want done for yourself .
i think he 's a good support pick for a specific super aggressive strategy with a comp that has other ways to initiate in a big way .
soon-to-quit-to-njpw bryan danielson shoots hard on brock lesnar being lazy !
danielson is being forced to be in the e !
we spent much much more than that on torturing them where 's our credit ?
and have those service-providers been properly vetted to ensure they 're political donors ?
can we trust anyone else to spend that money wisely on depriving lawful asylum seekers according to that convention we signed of their lawful rights and siphoning the appropriate amount of money off the top or outright losing it without consequence to make sure that conditions are shitty enough to act as a deterrent ?
it 's almost as if they do n't know how much money it takes to be mercilessly and needlessly cruel !
i had a friend that 's a red sox fan .
i am so glad i do not need snapchat for work .
i only recently learned that it 's not entirely photos of genitals .
i really am not sure what it is for if it 's not that .
he seems like he 's trying to fake outrage at the line of questioning ...
what i find interesting is the younger guy in the back ...
his reaction looks like i 'm stuck in this bullshit with you because i regrettably trusted you so i 'll sit behind you and all but ... gawd damn you are so full of shit right now and every reasonable person in this room knows it ''
i think they 're supposed to be over the fingers to pretend they 're actually in the jar .
the original artist probably was trying to make something surreal not fool anyone .
i do n't know if i would really call it fractured because unfortunately there is n't really a community on reddit right now .
sure looks like there are 800 members but not a lot really goes on here .
it might be worth it to post on the fb page letting people know about the reddit and encouraging them to post here .
i think it certainly is a better platform for rules/etc than fb though over there is perhaps better for setting up meetups etc .
or they 're pulling information for the entire msa/csa .
it 's hard to believe that you applied to 800 jobs '' without receiving any permanent offers .
a company would n't hire a new employee only to let them go a week later because a new computer system . ''
i agree with you players will take the path of least resistance whether they like it or not they just complain more if they do n't like it but they do n't stick out and do their own thing .
this is why any kind of tool should only assist with but not replace or automate anything .
and as much as some might disagree but i do n't think shouting in a chat that was overfilled with spam until the stars aligned so that someone was looking at their chat at exactly that moment was in the same zone as you to begin with and wanted to do that specific dungeon was there and ready to go .
to me that does n't really add anything to the game it 's just spamming chat with lfhealer blah blah over and over .
a tool that assists you in finding a healer but you still need to talk to them invite them and organize with them is the best compromise that does n't ruin the game like dungeon finder did .
in fact i use that kind of tool all the time in gw2 and it works great and for fractals when people are really good i add them to friends list the same way i did in vanilla .
but i can tell you post dungeon finder in wow i never added anyone to my friends list from a pug dungeon .
warframe is a bit much sometimes tbh i agree but i suppose the quality of 5e game for free and the amount of content available without paying anything it 's no wonder they charge so much for prime warframes
aj should be like you 're not even worthy of fighting lesnar .
what makes you think you can stack up against me ? ''
i worked at a carwash for a while back then and saw lots of them
i always wanted one or a ws6 trans-am painted in mystic cobra colors
i run 32 status zaw get up to like 83 status but also have a riven with 115 slide attack crit chance .
so slide in proc gas and crit with instant berserker max buff and then do a combo from twirling spire and end it with another slide .
its so beautiful it does manage to out do my leison admittedly not as much as i want it to though however it 's still my baby i made it
interactive story line great acting amazing graphics and out-of-this-world game mechanics cute anime girls
about the absurdness of the russians '' and the destructiveness of us politics .
i have come to the conclusion however that economics is pure pseudo-science
i would strongly advise you to not make career decisions based on what is wrong with the world or what is a pseudoscience or not .
those things are important sure but you also presumably need a salary so you can eat and other such mortal concerns .
you 're not going to go far in any field if you get caught up in emotions or illusions and then crash and burn which is what happened in your first transition and which you want to do again .
the evils of economics will not taint your soul if you finish your undergraduate degree in it .
it 's okay if you want to change fields .
you are also in a much better position than most because you have some of the foundation down although if most of it is fs ... .
but it is important that you actually finish your undergraduate degree so you 're not out years and thousands of dollars with nothing to show for it .
idk about europe but in america you can brush up your foundation at cc or a post-bacc these are popular and go on to a master 's .
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required tags .
please check the sidebar r/samplesize/about/sidebar for information about tagging your submission properly .
if you have included one of the listed tags please make sure you have spelled it correctly and used the proper brackets .
in addition please make sure you include the demographic of the survey in parentheses at the end of the title as the title guidelines state and check that your post abides by the other guidelines as well .
if you are having problems resubmitting your survey you can always submit a text post aka self-post '' and include your link in the body text .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/samplesize if you have any questions or concerns .
hang in there you 'll be able to get on it eventually .
as long as glads do n't get locked down by sgt electro glads stomp ancient gear .
they can pretty much grind the deck out especially if you run augustus .
they can run the backrow needed to fight ca .
it 's not a good matchup but they seem to preform well .
the deck naturally plays a lot of defensive traps to stall out ca and can take them apart with murmillo .
just because someone is blood does n't mean they are your friend .
they say friends are the family you get to choose and as for family ... well you have to decide if they are also your friends and sometimes they are n't .
i ca n't believe it is just people flossing their teeth as they walk down the street .
maybe while they drive and then toss out the window ?
got the stalker in 6.5 for christmas last year .
distances ranging from 100 to 600 yards and still have n't been able to get consistent groupings like they claim .
probably going to change out the barrel and hope for better results .
you keep needing more and more words ... ha .
it 's much easier for an idiot to spout nonsense than it is to debunk such nonsense concisely .
even when they were the .pst file was n't the emails were .
any action resulting in the alteration of the e-mails requested is very obviously undesirable .
not only that as explained to you and i have read the report you have n't because you just got caught lying almost ten times the importance of guaranteeing the integrity of the data makes it very important not to mess with the data .
it 's entirely your problem if you do n't understand this .
at the time he made the deletions in march 2015 he was aware of the existence of the preservation request and the fact that it meant he should not disturb clinton 's e-mail data on the prn server .
this alludes to the sort of technical forensic discipline you know nothing about and should n't even opine on frankly .
however it appears you are a rather prolific sufferer of dunning-kruger and fantasize you 're an it expert which i am and you 're not .
there is no indication anything was lost in his deletions .
you are also not equipped to even grasp whether or not this is the case .
i do n't care who claims otherwise including investigators they ca n't know that what they do not have contains nothing previously obtained .
the fbi said that in december 2014 a top clinton aide told denver-based platte river networks to destroy an archive of e-mails from her private server but the company failed to do so .
then after the new york times reported in early march 2015 details of then-secretary clinton 's use of a private server the house committee investigating the deadly attacks on the american embassy in benghazi libya ordered that her e-mails be preserved and subpoenaed those related to the attack .
three weeks later the story goes the engineer responsible for deleting clinton 's archive suddenly remembered the failed duty and acted on it by deleting the e-mails with a program wonderfully named bleachbit that apparently rendered most of them unreadable .
around the time of the engineer 's sudden remembrance the fbi said platte river officials joined a conference call with a longtime clinton aide and personal lawyer .
but when the fbi tried to look into this call they met with frustration .
platte river 's attorney told the engineer who did the deed to claim attorney-client privilege .
so little wonder the republican chairman of the house committee investigating clinton 's e-mail arrangement — utah 's jason chaffetz — has asked federal prosecutors to investigate whether she or others were involved in the decision to destroy those e-mails following the preservation order .
given that fbi director james comey 's decision to clear clinton of wrongdoing in the e-mail scandal came with his unusual denunciation of her actions as extremely careless the information from the bureau 's summary of its investigation does n't sit well .
it 's reasonable to ask why the fbi did n't look deeper .
it 's reasonable to ask why the engineer would act if as the logic of the cover story must argue the e-mails were simply personal notes about yoga appointments and being a grandmother .
the server was placed in her home well before she was sos .
and the placement coincided with her 2007 announcement to run for president .
the stated reasons for installing the server do n't pass the smell test for any expert .
moreover the server then went through a series of dramatic reconfigurations and migrations .
if you fail to understand how or why this is relevant this is again your problem as a layman .
you really do n't know that classified business is conducted on a completely separate system ?
i 've worked with such systems you have n't .
it 's best for you if you know your place as a layman in this matter .
you 're way out of your depth and this continuing banal nonsense you 're babbling about my field is an embarrassment and amounts to gibberish babbled by a serial liar to cover up serious wrongdoing by his political idol .
just because you do n't think so does n't mean you get to determine your own personal requirements
these are industry standard processes you do n't understand or grasp at all and as such do n't get to opinie on either .
she does n't owe you anything from her personal emails .
she gets a subpoena tells her law firm to sort them out and they do that 's how it works .
no that 's not how it works and hence the comment on page 19 .
also you do n't have the slightest tiniest understanding about this field and as such should n't opinie on it at all .
it makes you look quite ridiculous and out of your depth .
i ca n't tell if you 're making an ironic reddit neckbeard joke with your rant about your server prowess but i 'm not sure how it 's relevant .
it does at least prove why you 're struggling with the legal issues .
i know this is difficult for you to accept because it immediately collapses most of the silly assertions you 've been making pretending to know what you 're talking about interspersed with some small factoids you 've picked up from googling around in between these responses but you certainly do n't fool experts like me what that type of chest-puffing .
which is why i 'm going to subject you to a little test .
you are the system administrator of a small network .
you 'll explain to me how you would set up the network so that you were in a position to tap all incoming and outgoing network traffic encrypted or not encrypted .
fail to provide a cogent reply and we both agree you shut the hell up entirely on technical matters .
she has every right to try to hide her personal email .
she has no right to run an e-mail server hosting state department work-related e-mail traffic in contravention to established policies classification procedures and legal requirements outlined in the federal records act .
she also has no right to attempt to manufacture justification for data tampering by mixing in private e-mail .
that private e-mail shall become part of the public record and all privacy on that machine forfeit .
especially if sending and receiving personal e-mail is used as a tool for obstructing justice .
edit this thread on slashdot does have experts like me and in abundance
and the consensus is almost universal contempt and condemnation .
hillary clinton co-mingled personal and official government communications on her private email server .
all of those communications are subject to the federal records act and the freedom of information act .
her personal emails ceased to be personal when she co-mingled them with official government communications .
hrc and her lawyers were not authorized to decide what is relevant to fra and foia and what is not .
hrc and her lawyers deleted 30,000 or so emails that are not recoverable therefore she is in violation of both the fra and foia .
here 's the problem clinton deleted these emails after they were requested from the house as part of an official investigation .
she chose to print out everything she claimed was relevant probably to avoid giving away metadata in headers etc .
and then effectively burned '' the server including by her lawyer 's own admission tens of thousands of messages .
fbi investigations have now come up with thousands of emails which were not turned over in that paper dump .
how many could have been part of those that were deleted and then lost when the server was wiped ?
many of them were likely deleted in error with her lawyers not realizing which ones should have been retained as they were going through tens of thousands of documents .
but were all of these official state department emails recovered by the fbi now 15,000 deleted in error '' ?
that 's what 's troubling about all of this .
we have no way of knowing whether there may have been significant spoliation of evidence here that 's the legal term for intentionally recklessly or negligently destroying evidence .
if this were a corporation who had been issued a subpoena and they acted in this manner and it was later proven that they lost '' over ten thousand relevant documents in the process of their destruction of irrelevant '' documents they would likely face significant legal sanctions perhaps even criminal charges .
it 's refreshing to read the opinion of actual it people slashdot 's demographic rather than the bleating of sciolists .
do you know how many aa turrets were left with that 40 gneisenau that propably tanked more dmg than hp already ?
do you know if the gneisenau even selected the incoming planes with it 's aa for dmg boost ?
i lost a full 10 dive bomber squad against a gearing in the other match because that t10 dd gearing did more things right that the t7 gneisenau despite the gneisenau having better aa .
to simply look at a short clip without any details and numbers and trying to judge it in the worst possible way deserved to be clapped like a monkey in return .
one of the mods i was using just updated and it broke my blackwater save .
there are probably 15 year olds who think life on earth began as recently as they did and that makeup will be out of style in 5 years when they are totes really old 20 ? !
access to the sniper assault rifle and shotgun make the soldier viable at any range .
this is at the cost of no biotics or tech powers .
in the second and third game the vanguard gets the charge ability which literally turns your body into energy and throws you into an enemy while recharging your shields .
the vanguard is set up for powerful close range combat .
this video should give you an idea of what the vanguard can do https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=uiyq1udltnq .
i did n't watch a lot so i ca n't guarantee it 's spoiler free .
i love the vanguard it 's high intensity awesome gameplay .
when alb does the termination for you that means you do n't need to bind your iis to 443 and use certificates .
once it hits your alb on 443 then it should go to the target group that sends the traffic to port 80 .
the only time this gets a little hairy is when you 're doing something on your website to force https with a redirect as you lose the regular detection methods of this .
you going to any of the street parties tonight ?
stock weapons are n't just capable of being competitive '' the majority of them are arguably the best option you have even if you could choose any and other weapons usually fill different niches .
your post was removed because it uses the text box .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=street morals without the textbox .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
the problem is those whose job it is to deal with it do not .
yeah that 'll happen in an option system when your qb has lego hands
every time i 've had issues it was fixed with a quick clean of the sensor .
looks like hannity is afraid of meeting the same fate as bill o'reilly .
so free to go under acting in self defense .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fiverr if you have any questions or concerns .
not sure i understand but i do n't usually use transcendence cause i find the range on it to be annoyingly short and i honestly have been able to find any decent pots that fit what i need as i 'm not that much into professions .
also is there a ilevel that you recommend i be at ?
the community is nice there want the invite link ?
it 's been thought that the body does this in water to make better grip .
since your nerve is messed up and from what seems like you ca n't feel past that cut your body is n't sending the signals from that finger to say shrivel up i 'm wet ! ''
the south australian government is sneaking '' through laws that would allow authorities to force users to hand over their phone and computer passwords during investigations into criminal offences according to the greens .
just the local sa police ca n't push someone into doing it without federal police intervention .
we told uber drivers in qld to say get a warrent '' and tora act got changed to veto that
is the left really in full denial of what a horrible disease islam is ?
it 's sickening to see a fellow american defend a culture that treats women barbarically marry children legally and legal marriage rape .
i 'm sorry i do n't like women being beaten 🤗
so if moore does n't drop out what are you going to do ?
ayra 's still stronger than mia due to regnal astra and having flashing blade on her weapon which lets her initiate stronger with swift sparrow .
we forget that our boys have recently been caught trying to take handguns on planes beating up cabana boys driving while smoking a blunt and carrying an illegal gun with illegal ammo ... we even had a guy accused of rape with about the same amount of evidence as the zeke case .
but no dallas is all criminals and the eagles are all carson-clean .
if it has a at the end of its name it 's inheritable .
keurig pulled ads from a propaganda network that was defending child rapists so the average gop supporter has decided it needs to destroy their coffee machine in retaliation .
is the left really in full denial of what a horrible disease islam is ?
it 's sickening to see a fellow american defend a culture that treats women barbarically marry children legally and legal marriage rape .
i 'm sorry i do n't like women being beaten 🤗
what 's your take on the kevin spacey allegation ?
he seemed to time that very well with saying he now wants to live as a gay man .
i think he 's just throwing out the do n't look at me i 'm gay ! ''
card in order to drum up sympathy and distract from the fact that he sexually harassed some young guy 30 years ago .
that 's how most of these go even when the accused is caught basically dead to rights they toss out some other canard and get away with their shit .
if you really want luke or vader unlock him .
f2p games would n't give you that quick an unlock .
if you ca n't be bothered to spend 3 hours playing as normal troopers with maul kylo yoda or rey available you probably should n't buy the game anyways as that is who you are going to be playing as most of the time anyways .
your opinions are worthless much like your opinions on baseball teams .
you have to respect how blatant and rude it is .
saying hi would be just as boring but much more polite and forgettable
the irony in that belief has never been lost on me but it 's very true .
this game is simply one of my favorite cods of all time despite the disconnects and such for launch week .
i have n't been this sucked in into a cod game in ages .
rule 1 be civil and friendly address the argument not the person and do n't harass or attack other users .
rule 2 no snark/sarcasm and no low-effort circle-jerky comments contributing nothing to the discussion .
rule 3 overly-short comments that do n't contain a question will be removed automatically .
please do n't use the downvote button as a 'disagree ' button and instead just report any rule-breaking comments you see here .
senate judiciary committee chairman chuck grassley said tuesday the exchanges between donald trump jr. and wikileaks prior to the 2016 presidential election seem very innocuous . ''
he only responded to two or three of them and they were very innocuous .
so i do n't even know why you 'd be asking about him if you read them '' grassley told cnn .
president trump 's eldest son confirmed monday that he received numerous direct messages on twitter from wikileaks .
the correspondence was largely one-sided with trump jr. only responding to a few messages .
in one instance the anti-secrecy group suggested trump jr. should leak one of his father 's tax returns to the organization in order to improve the perception of the site 's impartiality .
in another message wikileaks pushed trump jr. to tell his father not to accept the election results if he lost .
the correspondence was reportedly given to lawmakers investigating russian interference in the 2016 election .
while democrats have been calling for trump jr. to testify in a public hearing before the committee grassley said tuesday that the messages do n't make that any more likely to happen .
the senate judiciary committee is one of multiple congressional committees in the midst of separate investigations into russian meddling in the 2016 election .
special counsel robert mueller is also leading a probe into russian influence and possible ties to the trump campaign .
i was a dednorbiter in d1 and now on pc i tried my best
can you explain how that would work with numbers ?
it seems to me like your gains and losses would cancel out leaving you with the same amount of money minus the fees .
at least you can still easily shoot them in the head .
you pretty much know that anyone who plays with bama is going to rage quit when you 're beating them .
in college we had this system where each guy would have one offensive and defensive possession while playing online .
my friend group had 2 stand up comedians and one over the top alpha male who talked a lot of shit .
we would pass the microphone around as well and would talk so much shit that the guy we 're playing against would get fed up and eventually quit because they 're punk ass bitches .
do n't listen to these fucks ... watch it .
the people bitching because they are uncomfortable with their token black friend relationship ... it a movie about a black guy going to an all white family reunion who tell his its cool bro we voted for obama but they 're creepy so ... it 's a good flick ... interesting for sure and it has if funny moments here and there ... . do n't listen to these fucks ... crash was trash ... this is better than decent
you 're under no obligation to move if you 're staying in your lane .
but like other posters mentioned checking your mirrors is a basic part of defensive driving .
yeah but that 's literally the worst part of rocket league .
edit to clarify i love the game and love being able to earn rewards in-game what i do n't like is my mail box being full of crates that i have to spend real money on just for the chance at those items .
it 'd also cause legacy to suck until a banning due to redundancy .
if you would like to claim this post please respond to this comment with the word claiming or claim in your response .
i will automatically update the flair so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the will be marked as completed .
this is a n image post so please use the following formatting
note to use these format guides all you have to do is copy and paste everything after the line break and before the line break preceding end '' and replace the carets and the values inside them .
the two asterisks turn any text between them into boldtext and the three hyphens in a row when separated by a blank row above and below will become a horizontal rule .
you can see some examples here of what we 're looking for .
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
2007 was great and a great year to go to a best picture nominee marathon at the theater .
it started with michael clayton then atonement then juno there will be blood and finally no country .
that was one hell of a day at the movies .
the following year i think they moved to 10 nominees for bp and the marathon got split over two days i decided to stop doing that .
exactly it 's not like they would loose money with that studio ...
i 'm looking to join a team that perferably has a solid offense already where i can come and provide lockdown defense on the 1-3 .
it is true that there are probably more efficient layouts than qwerty .
the common belief that qwerty was trying to slow typists down has been disputed by research claiming it was a layout based on the experiance of typists transcribing morse code .
what is really neat is that each layout is going to give a differnt feel and rhythm .
from a daskeyboard blogpost that came up in google search ...
in the beginning stages of the typewriter people typed so quickly that they often jammed the keys as they flew up to hit the typewriter ribbon .
to prevent this qwerty was born to decrease typing efficiency and speed .
this is why rather than placing the most commonly used letters in convenient central finger placements they are instead found in awkward locations like the a key under the left pinkie finger .
likewise the less commonly used letters are placed in the prime areas of the layout .
notice for example how the j and k keys are under the right pointer and middle fingers . ''
dr. dvorak conducted extensive research on the english language and other languages using the roman alphabet and studied the physiology of the hand .
dr. dvorak 's research brought forth the dvorak layout '' in 1936 .
i usually only play this game so just right off the bat i 'll never stop playing it even if i 'm banned .
just wanted to put a few thoughts and things i 've seen and make it short but i have 100 's more situations related to this but that would clog the page .
you implemented a remake function at 3 minutes players can abuse this by trolling and pressing no it 's certainly trolling because they do n't even try and win and have usually already fed 5-10 kills before you even get to 3 minutes so you either waste 15 minutes where they will likely not surrender and make you wait till 20 that 's if the enemy ai n't ended by then or you leave so you leave that and get punished .
cool then it happens again now you 're banned and tilted .
n it happens a lot cause that 's the new way of trolling .
the player who 's banned then goes onto a smurf tilted .
feeds next game and gets flamed gets even more tilted .
it 's almost like you are making the game toxic on purpose to me .
there is also some kind of weird utopian vision of a society where nobody gets mad so because they know they will get banned for getting mad typing shit on the chat they then think up new ways of trolling and ruining games like the above .
so right off the bat we know bans literally do nothing .
now it 039 s also easier to get to level 30 and do these things in ranked on top of the billion other ways of obtaining another account that 039 s high level not limited to but including brute force .
so then an innocent person then loses their account a bit like mine different situation but same end result where the support wouldnt return it .
thread http forums.na.leagueoflegends.com/board/showthread.php ? t=3585000 still never got it back .
the only thing i can actually see bans doing is making a point one which does n't work and is also easy to bypass punishment-wise alongside you at certain times making a heap of money because one of those new accounts buys their favourite skin/champion or buys boosts which i guess is a pretty regular occurrence .
prisons also have a high re-offending rate for the same reason and applauding/praising people for good behaviour works better than punishing people for bad behaviour .
but more than anything some bans like my account above as an example or the ridiculous situation at the start of this thread are unjust .
so that player is then toxic when before they was n't .
so what are we going to do about this or is this not a problem to anyone ?
since now toxicity at low ranks is insane which is what i also said would happen 4 years ago played since 2010 .
edit people are not getting the point the point is bans are doing nothing i have played long enough to know all these toxic people are way less toxic on their mains .
they are just going on a new account doing the exact same thing only now it 's worse to me everyone using the report system is now making it worse i know 100 as i 've played with and have been toxic myself and i know 100 people are less toxic when they have their main account with all their skins and champions because they do n't wan na lose it then they are forced onto a new account and do n't actually give a i have seen people get permbanned 5 times in a week then they buy a decent account and reform imagine they did n't get banned at all how many games would n't have been ruined by them ?
if some one can explain people how that 's not a problem and is n't making it worse then go ahead .
nobody is gon na just stop playing it 's crazy to think that so many people agree that this works ?
i have played so many hours of this game much more than most people .
i 'm leaving my opinion because of my playtime and now i 'm old and mature enough to understand things i 've been here a long time including my worst years so i have experienced all sides of the argument in a constant cycle .
groundhog day but with good and bad days instead of just one day .
i wake up so ready to play reformed one thing goes wrong i might rage a bit and the punishment is so severe i do n't care same with anyone else it 's better waking up ready to play knowing you can just change champ etc and not be completely tilted it 's so ridiculous to me .
i mean on a game like this every champion should be available especially in ranked but that 's another thread still related .
need info on traveling to revelstoke for the first time ?
for new and experienced snowboarders with any questions at all about snowboarding including gear learning what to wear where to go what terminplogy is rad etc .
please ask questions in this thread and let the r/snowboarding community help out .
this is meant as a judgement-free and welcoming environment for noobs to ask any kind of question related to snowboarding no matter how dumb it may seem .
https s.metjm.net/uzqjhyv.jpg 4k http beta.csgro.com/index.php ? r=screenshotrequests/getss name=screenshot_22509.png 810 keys or 820 in items n/a
please do not offer me low tier case hardened skins .
i will not even consider any non-ak or non-karambit ch items .
kato skins are very welcome but i will get everything pced on my own before considering .
if you add me please leave a comment and be prepared to wait !
i work anywhere between 7 to 10 hours a day 5 days a week .
i will be as nice as i can be to you i 'd like that in in return .
looking for men around my age to chat with and swap pics .
things i am into showers wet sexting not piss ! ! !
this is the best tl dr i could make original http archive.is/ycmwy reduced by 53 .
at the conclusion of a visit to israel 039 s northern border defense minister avigdor lieberman said wednesday quot we will not allow a shi 039 ite and iranian presence to be established in syria and will not permit all of syria to be turned into a front-line position against the state of israel. quot anyone who doesn 039 t understand this will find it worth his while to understand quot the defense minister added .
in response to lavrov 039 s comments prime minister benjamin netanyahu 039 s office issued a statement tuesday saying that quot israel would continue to look after its security interests in any case and any situation .
in israel there is concern about the iranian presence in syria .
on tuesday it was reported that representatives of the u.s. national security council had arrived in israel for talks with israel 039 s national security council .
over the weekend the israel defense forces downed a drone that was apparently syrian and had infiltrated the demilitarized zone on the golan border .
in response lieberman said israel would act to foil the steps that iran with the help of the lebanese shi 039 ite group hezbollah was taking to establish a military presence in syria .
summary source http smmry.com/http archive.is/ycmwy faq http autotldr.io 243254 summaries so far . ''
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords israel 1 syria 2 security 3 iranian 4 state 5
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic .
please do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
icon-clock date kick off saturday 18th november 15:00 bst click for additional time zones https www.worldtimebuddy.com ? qm=1 lid=14,8,5,2147714 h=14 date=2017-11-18 sln=15-17
icon-video press conference pre everton not updated https eagles.cpfc.co.uk/view-carousel-video ? id=231061459
just curious since i cant see here unless i get there lol
just 8 days ago we were at 17,000 liskers .
also as a sidenote if you have n't gone to the github page and starred '' lisk please do so .
usual press and hold does n't let me copy .
any idea how i can copy the contents of the message ?
it 's 5:30 pm in my time and under my day 4 challenge .
i feel a little tired and sleepy today so must be strong for craving tonight .
i do n't know how common cheating is whether it 's you cheating on someone or you causing someone else to cheat .
i just want to talk about it with people that have gone through it .
and if you are wondering i hate doing it did n't know if others feel that way too .
i got to do it while wearing ass 's ears for the last quarter or so of the adventure !
thank heavens for console commands especially after i realized that saying iloveyou x2 got me into deep doodoo .
i 've never really gotten into books based on games but i might make an exception here !
i did n't realize how impactful some of my decisions were as well until i later read about just how disastrous or amazing the alternate choices could be .
i 'm a softie so i generally chose the options which somehow led to everyone living in the end .
went on the toolband website after clicking a link posted on facebook and at the bottom there are 4 social media links facebook twitter instagram and youtube .
the facebook and twitter links take you to the appropriate pages yet the instagram and youtube links loop you back to the page you 're viewing .
maybe its just the way the website was designed and they 're just placeholders that the website designer put in .
just thought it was interesting and saw no one had pointed it out in this subreddit that i could find
i killed her did n't get any guards turning hostile though ?
i want to train up an alt while making some money .
going to use it for bossing when i get high enough combat .
why do n't you just go play cod noob ?
no need for a middle man i 'll be good on my offer .
we know cbrt 1 1 1/2 i⋅sqrt 3 2 or 1/2 i⋅sqrt 3 2 and we know sqrt 1 i i .
so we have a set of three plus a set of two .
or do we add every element from the first one with every element of the second one ?
here we have different sets with the same number of elements ± and ∓ .
we get two definite results by only adding the corresponding elements of each set plus with minus or minus with plus .
but if we add every element from the first set to every element of the second set we get more results .
as i said in the title no matter what i do the extruder ends up so close to the heated bed that it ca n't get any plastic out .
my printer has an autolevel function with an inductive sensor .
i have already calibrated it a few times each one with a thicker reference from a normal paper to a business card and then the business card folded in two almost 1 mm thick and when i set it to home the extruder ends up in contact to the bed i ca n't even pass the sheet of paper between that and the bed .
i 've also tried modifying the factory configuration in the smoothieboard but it had literally zero effect .
i even used a big offset so i can see if it works but it 's like if i did n't touched anything .
does anybody has an idea about what could be causing this ?
if it 's of any use here 's the printer 's model site http kikailabs.com.ar/fabber-m11 but it 's in spanish .
edit i noticed i missed a question mark in the title i 'll make it up by putting two of those here ?
upon realizing how awful audio on the tv is i decided to pickup a soundbar .
the general consensus seems to be that soundbars are trash and investing in a surround sound system was the way to go .
i picked up some micca mb42x bookshelf speakers and a polk psw10 subwoofer as per the limitations on my budget .
now the real question that i 'm running to is with the receiver .
the ultimate goal is to have this future proof for a few years but with hdcp 2.2 becoming the standard i 'm not sure if i need to invest in a receiver that supports hdcp 2.2 or if i can simply connect my source player connection straight to the tv and not worry about it .
to my understanding sources are plugged into the receiver for ease of access as i would only have to change the source of my tv and the receiver would follow .
i would still be able to play 4k content normally .
i only read this from some other forum post so if this is incorrect let me know i would much rather pick up an older but vastly cheaper receiver such as a pioneer vsx-502 that a friend is willing to sell me for dirt cheap than spend money on a more expensive receiver .
i 'm extremely new to everything here so feel free to inform me on information you may think is basic .
join us on discord for more college basketball discussion !
follow the game on espn http www.espn.com/mens-college-basketball/game ? gameid=400990365 for preview play-by-play more stats and recap .
turning comment sort to 'new ' will help you see the newest posts .
try chrome refresh https chrome.google.com/extensions/detail/aifhnlnghddfdaccgbbpbhjfkmncekmn or firefox 's reloadevery https addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/115 to auto-refresh this tab .
you may also like reddit stream http www.reddit-stream.com//r/collegebasketball/comments/7d8x79/game_thread_ut_san_antonio_texas_state_800_pm_et to keep up with comments .
follow redditcbb https twitter.com/redditcbb on twitter for news updates and bad attempts at humor .
show your team affiliation get a team logo by clicking 'select flair ' on the right .
i 'm afraid that maybe i 'm too far along in life to begin writing .
i have written poems but never a story or novel .
i have laughed and cried but so have children .
so why should i believe that my experiences are any more meaningful than a child 's ?
should a story be written in first or third person ?
how do i know when a sentence is too long or short even when it 's grammatically correct ?
does anyone know when essential or sprint will push an update to enable calling plus on lte ?
i know its on ps4 but that alone makes aiming harder .
i would appreciate it if anyone can check out this amazing montage of ana .
i would like some feedback not only on the gameplay but on the montage itself as well .
let 's just say it is no typical montage !
yoo first off i have never posted on reddit before let alone had an account .
i 'm new sooo what 's up hi how are you hola ! blah blah .
now that we got that out of the way i think i figured something out guys .
so i was telling my friend about the monitor we saw at the end of the previous episode and he was like what are you talking about we only saw laurel monitor while she 's in bed .
... and before i could call him a dumbass '' it hit me what if it is laurel monitor ! ''
what if they are trying to save the baby and get the baby out of her .
we keep forgetting laurel was unconscious that could be her monitor and they are trying to save the premature baby .
she flatline for a sec but of course gets brought back to life .
we hear the doctors and nurses say he 's in danger '' maybe they just mean the baby is in danger .
we all know the flash forwards does n't mean shit because of how this show is .
i still do n't know what happened with annalise we know how she be getting herself in certain situations .
and simon clearly killed himself at the office party .
but i 'm pretty sure that it 's laurel monitor and honestly perhaps the baby is dead which honestly who cares because i would n't want to see laurel have a baby as her character arch we do n't need to bring a baby into this drama ass show .
so that 's my theory maybe i missed something and my theory could be all wrong but right now i feel like annalise and feel as if i came up with a bomb ass theory .
can explain what is the nerf to storm sprit at latest patch .
what should i buy first and in which stuation kaya vs bloodstone and lastly which upgraded boots do u prefer and why .
typically new releases are best sellers on there for a couple weeks .
and skyrim is already on there and its not even out yet .
granted maybe it fared better physically but idk all the places ive been to that have it still seem to have alot of copies .
personally im hoping friday the sells will pick up on it given lots of people get paid then .
anyways do you think thisnwill be the end of rockstars switch outings i really hope not .
i mean im sure will get plenty of great 3rd party games from bethesda and ubisoft .
but having rockstar games aswell would 've made it that much better .
just installed the ahrs https www.amazon.ca/dp/b06zzchbht and updated the firmware to v1.4r3 .
both changes were done to an existing system that worked .
whether at home with nothing plugged in or in the aircraft with all antennas plugged in when i try to calibrate orientation i get set ahrs sensor orientation failed ! '' .
stratux.log says could n't start ahrsweblistener '' and error reading calibration data from etc/mpu9250cal.json open etc/mpu9250.json no such file or directory '' and ahrs error could n't initialize an imu '' .
however it does say it successfully initialized bmp280 '' so it appears the card is being accessed .
please let me know how/where i can upload pictures log files if that will help .
i 'm going to use this pc for gaming only .
budget i have a hard budget of 1350 cad before mail-in-rebates .
i 'd like to have at least 60 fps at high/ultra settings on most games the higher the fps the better .
games that i 'm going to play destiny 2 warframe overwatch gta v fortnite assassin 's creed league of legends pubg rocket league dark souls 3
monitor 1080p i prefer 144 hz but i can go lower if you guys think it 's not worth it for my build but i do n't want to be limited by a 60 hz monitor if my pc can go higher than 60 fps .
optional i 'd like to have a ssd for my os and 16gb of ram but if these things are n't worth the money that i could spend on other parts i can upgrade later .
so my deleted pony songs channel was terminated by youtube .
it appears to be caused by a single video that had an outdated video description .
this video i reuploaded was set to private by the original musician in the past and i mentioned this in the description months later the musician set his video back to public but i forgot to update the video description .
so someone reported the video to youtube and a youtube employee reviewed it decided it was spam/misleading content due to the incorrect video description and deleted the video .
basically it looked like i was reuploading other people 's public videos and lying about it in the description .
the reviewer then assumed the rest of my channel was the same and deleted my entire channel .
so i have 1000 characters to explain this to youtube in a repeal .
i fear youtube will not believe my word by itself .
to prove my channel is not spam/misleading content i believe my best chance is to get a video response from one or more actual pony musicians that i reuploaded songs from .
i know if i got the musician who created the video i mentioned in the paragraph above to exonerate me i would win the case for sure !
the problem is he 's been inactive on his youtube channel for quite a while .
it would take some serious help in the brony community to get in touch with him and a lot of caring attitude on his part to decide to help me out .
sp if that does n't work my second shot for redemption is getting another pony musician i reuploaded a song from to post a supportive video on their channel explaining what i do and why they support me .
in the meantime i need to figure out the best way to articulate all of this information to youtube and everyone else both in writing and the way the video response should be structured .
because those youtube employees take minimal time to examine repeal cases .
everything needs to be as clear and concise as possible .
otherwise my repeal will fail and i will lose the channel for good .
there 's a lot of talk on ihub about a backdoor reverse split .
i 'm thinking of replacing our centrally controlled endpoint protection bitdefender with the ms endpoint protection built into intune/sccm .
we have the latter available free and unused since adopting intune which seems wasteful .
i have played alliance since vanilla i love their cities i love their story but mostly i love their cities .
i have tried horde before but i literally could n't do it because i hate the theme of everything they are .
but now i am deeply interested in pvp and it 's really all i want to do .
as alliance i have lost at least 3 times more than i have won in my last 500 bg 's .
so do i have bad luck or is the grass really greener on the other side ?
in 2013 i won 66k on online slots and that started my hardcore addiction .
i gambled almost half back into the site and the rest went to pay off debt .
2 years later i was 8k in the hole .
fast forward to last week i was in a terrble place had to start selling my things .
my wife will not get any income the next three months so i was desperate .
i had gambled a bit off an on but i started on it hard again .
anyway in a last ditch effort after losing close to 1600k i hit a jackpot and won 56k .
i was able to pay off my minus in my bank account and also my credit that i had to take because of gambling .
i just want to stop i have about 30k now in my bank christmas is saved all is well yet i still have the urge to gamble .
i have given my wife my passwords and such yet i still find a way .
anyway i got really lucky and i get sick to my stomach when i think what my situation would be like if i had not won .
experience has shown me that a big win means nothing and the only way i can remain in this state is to quit gambling .
its so hard its not easy but i will continue to come here and try to get help .
little backstory my bf and i have been dating for a little bit more than a year now and it 's pretty good so far we get along really great and have a lot in common etc ...
i do feel strong emotions and think i love him and it feels much more real than previous relationships i 've had that lasted that long so it 's quite good in this end .
thing is i have several unsorted issues with my family as i 'm partially out of the closet but besides my mom everybody else just seems to ignore that and pretend it 's not true .
thus not allowing me to let my bf meet my family although i have met his mother so far and she 's really nice and accepting .
so because of this i do n't think i will be ready for next stage in a relationship in the close time even the next year or 2 which will be moving in together .
but i did notice that in the last several months we 've been mostly at my apartment i live by myself a dog and rarely at his ' partially because he spends a lot of time at his parents ' helping them with some issues they 're dealing with so with the time he has left to see me he rathers come here which i rather too because i do n't really like to leave my dog alone ca n't take him to his place it 's smaller and the dog gets really uncomfortable lol we 've tried plus i do n't own a car and neither does he and the distance is quite great lol .
anyways so i feel like at the same time i cause him to pay rent for no reason whatsoever and i feel really terrible about it ... but i do n't think i 'm ready for moving in together or something in the near future i feel like i need to sort many issues with my family and getting them to figure out that 's just how it is .
because i know for a fact if now we were to live together seeing my family will be even on rare-r occasions because it 'll be too awkward to let them visit my apartment from time to time while i live with another person they have n't met ...
so i 'm like idk what to do about that .
i get really anxious and worry what 'll happen and if that kind of thing will be a deal breaker because i hope not but at the same time i do n't feel ready to deal with my family again ... .
i should also mention that it 's not like him and i ever spoke about it yet but i just fear it 's inevitable and will resort to that eventually and if i wo n't be ready i might even cause us to break up which i do n't really want..
tl dr i 'm partially out of the closet family not accepting dating someone for a year~ish i know the next step in the close ish 1~year or 2 future is moving in together and i 'm not ready for that yet ... advice ?
do you use this companies gear and have anything to say about it ?
i 'm mostly wondering about the quality of their products durability how it fits etc .
it 's all pretty low priced in the uk so i 'm skeptical of it 's quality .
i started playing wow back when it launched i was 12 back then .
that means i have been playing wow for over half of my life now .
what player do you wish posh had never sold off ?
da ich zum zocken und scheißepfostieren wegen wissenschaftlicher recherchen und arbeiten viel zeit am rechner verbringe habe ich in meinem leben schon den einen oder anderen bürostuhl durchgesessen .
deshalb habe ich mir vor einigen jahren gedacht dass ich mir doch mal was höherwertiges kaufen sollte damit ich nicht schon wieder überall kunstleder und schaumstoffflocken rumliegen habe weil sich der bezug schon nach 12 monaten auflöst .
also dachte ich mir habseligkeit '' dachte ich mir echtleder !
das klebt dann beim pornos gucken an heißen sommertagen in kurzen hosen vielleicht an der haut aber wenigstens hält das ein paar jahre . ''
da ich damals armer student war fiel meine wahl auf markus http www.ikea.com/de/de/catalog/products/40103100 .
schon ein wenig teuer aber für einen echtlederbezug doch sehr günstig .
außerdem hat das ding 10 jahre garantie was meine kaufentscheidung dann noch abgesichert hat .
ich kaufe doch keinen stuhl mit echtlederbezug um dann kunstleder da dran zu haben !
ich will mich damit natürlich nicht zufriedengeben und lasse mir nochmal die genauen garantiebedingungen zeigen .
die olle gibt dann www.google.de '' in ihr browsersuchfenster ein ! ! !
da findet die dann google und sucht auf google nach ikea !
haben die kein internes portal was 8 browsertabs hat ?
irgendwie haben wir das dann gemeinsam ja ich habe zwischendurch die mausführung übernommen eigentlich hat sie mir nur platz am rechner gemacht damit ich auf den bildschirm zeigen kann aber das kann man sich doch keine 30 sekunden ansehen ohne dass es physisch schmerzt die garantiebroschüre aufgerufen bekommen .
diese anpassungsfunktionen an einem markus-drehstuhl sind sehr interessant muss ich mich mal ein paar stunden mit den einzelnen hebeln und drehknäufen beschäftigen .
i was a uk tier 2 visa holder from turkey and i resigned on 16.06.2017 .
i have not received any curtailment letter so far maybe they sent it already to my previous london address i do n't know .
i sued my company for holiday pay and now i have a hearing in 2 weeks .
i still have my brp and was wondering if it 's still valid but i could not find how to check it asked ukvi but they do n't know .
is there any way to check whether my visa is still valid ?
i know it is highly impossible but it is also not possible for me to get a new visa in 2 weeks
i 'm here today with a new prompt i 'm looking to rp .
i will start with my limits just to get them out of the way early no gore/vore .
what i 'm looking for today is a scene that just popped into my head .
i 'm either a feminine/normal boy or if you want already a trap or a futanari and you are going to mark my body .
do you have done other way of marking me ?
this can be set in many different worlds we could be in modern day fantasy or futuristic .
i am going to leave the location and how i got into this mess a bit open so that you can have free reign to send ideas .
though i 'd you are looking for some some samples ideas here are a few
i lost a bet to you but do n't have the money to pay so you decide to give me something in return as a down payment .
this could be a fantasy land and i annoyed the wrong witch by picking her new ingredients she was growing .
these are just a few ideas i ca n't wait to see your replies male female or somewhere in-between .
i have decided to go to my local dealer next week to get a feel for the different guitars
i 'm looking to buy my first guitar and a local online store has some nice specials going on at the moment .
i live in south africa but the approximate costs in usd for the guitars are as follows
i mostly listen to metal especially doom and symphonic metal so i would like to get a guitar that can play those ok .
i also want to buy a guitar that i can use for a while but do n't want to spend too much money in case i lose interest .
which of the above would give me the best value for money ?
if they are all bad which guitar would you recommend ?
i like the look of ibanez guitars and of the above i like the look of the rg421ex the most .
as far as amps go i 'm looking to get the vox vx ii .
i like the fact that this will allow me to experiment with different sounds without having to buy a string of pedals .
we have a fusion server running on campus that we use for monitoring our rooms but we primarily use it as a paging system for help requests .
we 've had it set up for years and it works as intended but we have a nuisance issue that i 've never quite been able to figure out .
when a help button is pressed in a room we receive an email alert .
afterwards when we clear the ticket '' from the help request section of fusion rv we receive a duplicate email but it only includes the subject line .
there 's nothing in the body of the email .
i 've never been able to figure out how to stop the duplicate email from being sent .
i assume it 's related to the alert settings in the email rules of the help request attribute .
i 've been hesitant to experiment too much as i 'm worried that i 'll change something and will miss actual help requests from faculty .
anybody with more fusion experience than i have any ideas ?
seeing that you moved back here have a new group of friends and want to have nothing to do with me kills me inside .
i know you are probably also telling all of your new friends that i 'm batshit crazy or whatever even though i was good to you .
sorry i got emotional and cried as you were breaking up with me .
i guess that 's what makes me crazy showing human emotions .
the fact that you just abandoned me like that and that you do n't fucking care makes me hate myself even more .
it just validates the fact that i 'm an ugly lonely loser that no one likes .
you 're enjoying your life your new friends and your new job .
i can barely make a fucking living wage and all of my friends have left me .
i started working at a new center for my company and all of my coworkers are in a clique .
i ca n't make friends that easily and now i just want to kill myself because now i really know it wo n't get better for me .
and i 'm sick of putting in effort and trying and trying to make things better when i basically have no fucking energy left .
i 'll never be able to get over this .
i 've never been this alone in my life .
as it is now hardly anyone votes for maps in between commending everyone in the lobby etc its very easy to forget voting for a map .
i make the mistake myself all the time and then we end up getting operation neptune on war ... ergh .
i 'm having a lot of fun using the 'meta ' mirage build chaos dueling and mirage with minor changes in open world pve .
i bought my last viper trinket yesterday and i 'm now – finally – 100 viper .
it 's fast paced but it feels a bit squishy at times and i 'm ready to loose some damage for more comfort .
i 'm going to replace my equipment piece by piece until the moment i feel fine .
is there a logic or priorities about what to change ?
my guess is trailblazer toughness vitality condition damage and expertise .
as a mirage it feels like anet wants me to use healing power with vitality .
my wife thinks that blowjobs are degrading so i do n't get them .
i see her point but i 'm ashamed to admit that i fantasize about being on my knees servicing a guy while my wife watches .
i guess the feeling of being used like that is a turn on for me .
if the thought of watching a strong powerful man be reduced to an object to please you turns you on then message me and tell me how you would make me suck for you .
i 'll be using a realistic dildo that ejaculates and has lube that looks like come .
i want you to control when it comes and where it lands .
i would encourge you to make me take a facial since it is a mainstay of heterosexual porn i showed it to my wife once and she got very angry and told me it wss disgusting . ''
i have a more details in mind but of we try this you will call the shots .
i only need to hear your voice and plan on streaming video .
couples are welcome as long as the male partner take backsest to the female partner .
i do n't know if there are women who actually get off on this all i know is that it does something for me .
if you are at all intrigued by what i wrotre here send me a message with a way to contact you .
i 'm cool just chatting about our fantasies if that 's all you want .
or if you 've had an experience watching a guy suck another guy i 'd love to hear about it as well .
so i got attila because i wanted to play the medieval 1212 mod combined with the 1295 campaign mod .
however from playing the prologue i can see that the combat is absurdly fast .
is there a good mod that that drastically slows the combat down to something like shogun 2 or something ?
i 'm also curious if there 's a mod that reduces the range of archers and towers and increases siege weapons range .
i come from shogun 2 with darthmod and i think the arrow ranges are to much .
what is your option on the following and have you had any experiences ?
i use one from time to time maybe once every month or so just to keep things tidy
i used it once and yuk is all i can say so did n't bother ever again
was looking on dreadsuk website last night and they sell oils which you can add to your shampoo again i 've never tried them
i used dreadsuk shampoo it 's not the cheapest but it does a very good job i think have n't tried other ones
remember it 's just polite debate so please keep it friendly 😃
i 'm looking at a 2010 ford f-150 v8 at a local dealer but noticed on the carfax report that there is one accident .
the included pictures do n't seem to have any visible damage to the car although the dealer has been sitting on the vehicle for quite some time now
this seems like a more appropriate subreddit to post this in so please let me know if its not
willing to pay also already have the hook and verse that needs to be done already written and am able to send it to anyone interested .
the feature will be on a beat called no target '' by cashmoneyap .
the last nfs game i played was underground 2 on pc back when it released in 04'/05 ' whenever it was .
i really do n't remember much of the game at all even though i had played it a lot .
in fact that 's the last racing game i have purchased and/or played for more than a couple of hours up until trying forza horizon 3 .
it was a pirated copy w all of the expansions dlc .
it took absolutely no effort in taking a brand new vehicle to it 's maximum performance .
that was among several other things i really disliked about horizon 3 and i uninstalled it probably within a week of having it .
i 'm not here to critique that game though only using it as a point of reference .
some other semi-pertinent information would be actual real life hours logged behind the wheel on a track .
i have an 08 ' evo surprise user name that 's heavily modified .
it falls into the category of built not bought '' since i 've done all of the work myself or with friends .
onto the game i had no real expectations of what this game should have been or was marketed to be even though i had my eye on it maybe a month or so before release .
what i can talk about is various systems this game uses and my dissatisfaction with them in terms to both a video game and real life aspects that it bases itself around .
upgrades this is one of my biggest gripes seemingly a lot of others as well .
upgrading a car is extremely bland in its execution with speed cards .
that 's not to say that scrolling down a list and just selecting the name of a part is n't lacking in soul but this could have been achieved in both a more realistic and artistic way in conjunction with the more tried and true select part purchase equip '' method versus what payback gives us of select random part with questionable performance gain '' .
another point is that there is seemingly no distinguishing qualities between cars that are naturally aspirated or turbocharged .
yes theoretically every car can be any of those in real life however that comes at the challenge that an aftermarket parts manufacturer even makes kits for said vehicle and in a lot of cases there is a lot of custom fabrication that has to be done to take a car that is produced as x and then make it into y .
in payback there 's no distinction partially because it 's a game i know partially because it 's easy but partially because there 's no visual representation at all of what 's going on under the hood of the vehicle .
another aspect from a gameplay standpoint there does n't seem to be distinction between rwd/awd/fwd wrongwd p. they all handle relatively the same at similar performance levels if they 're within the same game mode class .
not the numerical values but that these are the only two baselines .
let me explain using my real life car in context .
currently it 's pushing 680 awhp 520 torque 6800 rpms .
most of the performance gain is n't from aftermarket parts but a professional tune that allows those parts to shine .
without a retune all of those parts mean jack .
if you can even get it to crank without a proper tune .
if money was n't an object for me i could realistically get it to right around 850 awhp before i 'd be pushed into having to explore options of having the car internally gutted replacing a stock frame turbo with a custom frame custom fab motor swap out from 4b11 motor relocation fabbed ic 5 '' etc .
what i 'm getting at is there 's a certain realistic point when a car is no longer that car and unconventional modding has to be done to buffer performance numbers that are n't achievable using the original platform the car was built on .
keeping a realistic limitation on how far a specific vehicle can go in a performance chain is something i 'm completely okay with .
when it comes to multiplayer balancing all one has to do is create more rule sets and tighter constraints on which vehicles can race together just like how this is done in real life .
the same thing could be done in single player with restricting vehicles to a certain class/level/grouping that way content that is created in the form of vehicles is n't lost .
however that entirely relies on having a working upgrade system which is n't speed cards .
there should have been greater attention to other aspects of a vehicles raw performance .
some of these things were included on speed cards and not only was it a lazy way to include them into the game but you ca n't even choose to upgrade these things you have to hope you get the ones you want attached to whatever primary mod you 've won you 're buying or you 're trading in for .
however there were a few body parts that i noticed were a bit off i ca n't think of everyone but the voltex bumper for the evo 8 was off .
it was made in game as a single color but in real life jdm bumper '' the splitter '' underside is black polymer right up to the bottom of where the license plate is mounted .
things like rotors calipers tires body kits should have other areas that enhance or take away from a car 's performance .
not every rocket bunny kit is going to help with aerodynamics .
small nuances which could have been included and really do n't take much research to find out those specifics .
maybe there are hidden unlocks for each car as easter eggs i 'm not sure but some cars do seem to be lacking in the department of what 's available even if they 're commonly modded cars .
i understand that this is a huge undertaking to bring these parts to life licensing etc .
but i hope this is an area that will grow as time goes on and hopefully not as dreaded dlc .
i was only able to get so close to building a faithful replica of ken block 's hoonicorn v1 and what really limited me was the front rear quarter panels .
you can see what i mean at gymkhana_evo origin screenshots .
it 's whatever though and generally if i even listen to music when i play a game it 's my music and not the games music .
i really hope there are plans to add more areas story and events to do .
to me this was an area that did well for the game .
the map is great but would like to see some bayside/lake views .
an abandoned raceway something similar to willow or laguna seca would be really neat too .
of course more events that inspire using cars that are n't meta '' .
i think this is one thing that i universally hate about racing games in single player and why i generally do n't buy/play them .
this seems to be the go to artificial difficulty mechanism that gets added .
as a player if i make a monumental mistake during a race i should be punished for it and likely i 'll lose and have to retry .
for ai during events there are no such restrictions .
you can push an ai opponents car off the side of ravines on the west side of the map and within seconds they have magically caught back up .
their cars move in unnatural gravity defying ways to swerve around traffic to make sure if the player is ahead that they are n't at all far behind .
as others have said using nitrous in race setting against the computer really just seems like a dopamine effect since it does n't do much to create a buffer between you and the ai or really work to catch the player up to the ai .
i 'm sure there are ways of making the ai behave more normal yet scaled with the performance of a player 's vehicle .
despite my reservations about vehicle handling uniqueness within the game .
the arcady feel that the game has is enjoyable using steam controller on pc .
personally i think i 'd find it to be nightmare if i had to work towards shifting and good pedal work to perform a working drift especially with rubberbanding ai .
as far as variety of cars i 'd like to see more added to the game again hopefully not as paid dlc but a small content patch here and there .
hopefully more classic jdm 's will get thrown into the mix .
seeing a 300zx would be nice treat as well .
it 's simply fun to take one of these cars and have a good time designing different styles on them through the visualization editor .
one thing i 've seen repeated by some users here and on the official forums before pre-release and after was how grindy the game is .
it just simply is n't unless you have to have a perfect 6 speed cards .
what grind '' does exist is n't much of one and serves to actually provide a reason for players to actually play .
it does n't take much time at all to build cars to 299 or 399 .
i think i 'm still less than 20 hours in more than half of that spent on decals and i have 12 cars completely maxed out.they do n't have necessarily all 6 perfect card sets but i do n't think that was ever the goal or intent of the design team even with this flawed system all because a 399 player with an average card layout can beat or even crush a player with a 399 perfect card layout .
the stat benefits are so negligible that i think people are hopelessly stricken with their ocd of meta and completion'ism '' that anything deviating outside of perfection simply is n't viable to them which activates their bitching .
somehow in their minds this means it requires an immense grind that herds players towards p2w as if .
0 spent here other than purchasing the game itself .
the game is n't a huge time sink to get a number of cars to max .
sadly i think it 's a bit too fast easy but at least it 's not forza easy .
the game is n't perfect but overall it 's not bad .
there are a lot of valid complaints but there are a lot of bad ones .
i 'm still glad i decided to give the game a shot and i 'm having a good time at the end game .
i 'm not new to gaming and i 've been burned by lots of developers that over promise and under deliver but i 'd like to think that maybe we 'll see some positive additions to come like free roam cops multiplayer open world as those interest me as well someone who is n't a long time nfs fan/player .
edit there are a few tracks i enjoyed from the soundtrack overall just did n't fit my taste in music .
i 'd be happy to consult in any future games for free about build process on cars u/f8rge i can tell you guys are passionate about cars it really does show in the level of detail in many areas .
pretty self explanatory i 'm wanting to gen into volt white on my mobile emulator nds boy .
i 've tried googling it and nothing has come up so if you could help would be appreciated
in the same way people have warning signs for dogs on their property i am curious what the opinion is of a firearm notice .
would it become a deterrence or enticement for entry ?
any value to leo 's and other reponders or just a legal issue ?
hello i was just recently placed on lexapro 5mgs .
i do n't know if it 's just my anxiety getting the best of me but i feel like taking this before bed is somehow gon na put me in a deep sleep and cause me to stop breathing .
i do n't have a breathing machine currently and my only failsafe is just sleeping on my stomach .
i know everyone is different but does anyone have any experience with both having sleep apnea and being on this medication ?
this magazine i want to submit to his gliterlit '' as a genre they 're accepting but i 've never heard of it and every time i look it up nothing comes up .
since it 's so obscure i 'm just writing a dieselpunk thriller but i 'm still curious .
hi y'all not sure if this is the right place for this but anonymous 22yr old male here i guess i feel more comfortable asking the question or maybe coming out semi-anonymously online than discussing this with the people in my life .
i 've never been with a dude but i think i have a crush on one of my male friends .
hes a 26 year old bi experimental electronic musician .
he has this sly smile and wink that for whatever reason makes my heart flutter .
i also make weird experimental music and he wants to work together on a project but i need to figure out what i feel for him .
it might not be the first time its hard to know i do n't really know how to process what i 'm feeling ...
in high school japanese class yeah i was a bit of a weeb whatever there was this one friend who we had super gay nicknames with momo san and neko kun .
it was as a joke but i felt like a bond with him i could n't explain .
we agree to keep correspondence after high school but you know how it goes .
a year or so on he comes out as gay we meet up we chat he 's got a boyfriend and they 're super happy together .
i do n't ask if he had feelings for me because i 'm just happy for him i feel like i know the answer though .
i may not have known how to process it but i think i liked him but i was so far in the closet i did n't realize it .
there have been other similar examples and i think i 've been asked out by more gay men than women .
back then i would always make jokes about being gay in hindsight that could have been some freudian help !
its like i 've been walking around blowing dog whistles without hearing any of them .
i have n't had very many regular heterosexual romantic relationships most were short-lived and nonsexual due to a tendency to over analyze love to death .
for whatever reason most were with bi women and lesbians .
currently i 'm in a non-committed casual thing with a lesbian and when i told her i do n't have my shit 100 figured out '' she told me it does n't always have to make sense .
just to trust my gut and not question what i 'm feeling .
i think she 's probably right but that 's so much easier said than done .
i 'm new to all this i do n't know what to think i could use some guidance .
i know this was kind of a ramble but i had to get it down to organize my thoughts thanks for reading .
trying to pick up a gen 4 glock 43 for the wife .
she finally wants to get her concealed carry permit .
best price i have found is 490 out the door .
so i basically purchased the charge hr to track my heart rate resting as a gauge of my overall cv fitness because cvd runs hard and deep in my family .
i 'm kinda pissed because this is the second charge hr i 've purchased that has had the exact same damn issue of the back plastic piece falling off .
it 's literally been less than 6 months since i got the hr and it 's broken .
at this point buying another charge hr feels like throwing good money after bad .
that said please tell me your experiences with the charge hr 2 .
i want to buy the hr 2 but i 'm just not seeing how well it 's going to hold up with casual usage .
i work out lightly a maximum of 3 times a week where i 'll run row or use the stationary bike in addition to light weights .
i 'm not putting the fitbit through outrageous demands here .
so how has the hr2 held up a year after its release ?
if so i 'm gon na try to read a book a month .
i do n't really like reading but if it makes you smarter i definitely am going to start .
targeting tumor necrosis factor alpha for alzheimer 's disease 2017
inhibition of inflammation mediated through the tumor necrosis factor α biochemical pathway can lead to favorable outcomes in alzheimer disease 2017
early intervention with a small molecule inhibitor for tumor necrosis factor-α prevents cognitive deficits in a triple transgenic mouse model of alzheimer 's disease 2012
i️ ordered this adorable loot box cookie jar as a part of my so 's christmas present .
what would be some creative rare/epic/legendary items to fill it with ?
her damage is pretty good those headshots can be deadly and they 're not that hard either .
she 's also a good tank with that 250 hp small body she 's annoying to deal with due to her walls blocking paths and wasting a few seconds as well as her turning into ice to stall and heal .
she can be both but what do you mainly play as her ?
just realised that theres a chance of cross breeding in my tank .
chose all different fish to avoid them breeding but now im finding out that they may breed across species .
or do i have to worry about them cross breeding ?
my tank isnt very large right now so a breeding pair would really suck .
so i am not sure if i just want to chat rp or something else right now .
looking to enjoy one of my favorite kinks ebony woman and white men jungle fever or whatever you wish to call it .
i am a bit of switch and do not really have a preference as to what role i take and base my play around what my partner is into .
i heavily into giving body worship boots and high heels hands or just the skin tone contrast and creampies .
i enjoy being given orders being held on edge or holding you on edge biting mainly lips and nipples lots of different outfits on you as my second tier enjoyments .
so if you share a similar set of kinks we can chat about them or if you have a role play in mind let me know .
and i am interested in learning how to be a daddy ''
i moved to nyc from my home country in june into a 2 bedroom and signed a sub-lease agreement and a roommate agreement lasting until may 2018 sharing the apartment with the overlease holder .
i have decided to return to home in january so will be moving out .
i have re-read the agreements i signed and in hindsight things do n't add up the sub-lease agreement does n't specify that i only sub-lease 1 bedroom in the apartment it says the premises rented is the apartment then with the roommate agreement while she has signed it her name is n't specified anywhere it only states myself as the roommate and the bedroom field is blank .
the agreement begins made by and among the roommates named herein who have signed a lease for a shared dwelling ''
neither states how i can break the agreement with the exception of the roommate agreement saying subleasing is n't allowed so am wondering how can i go about moving out and getting back my deposit and not being liable for the remaining months .
reading them now it seem neither agreement reflect the living situation ?
i am prepared to find someone to take over my room but wanted to know where i stand before talking to my roommate .
the hitreg on testserver is beyond terrible and you wan na push it live ?
go ahead if you think that this game is dead right now lets see what happens in the next 24 hours when everybody will start complaining .
rather then fixing your game you want ppl to find bugs in live play .
one night takashi is the story of his life and students with each other and the other birds the problem is to help her he had first love .
then someone else will post this again in a week and the cycle repeats .
i know i 'm a bit late but i used to love chichini on the corner of hyde park .
it 's a while since i 've been there but they used to do great sandwiches .
friendly reminder that this is he first sentence of wikipedia 's explanation of gamergate
the gamergate controversy concerns issues of sexism and progressivism in video game culture stemming from a harassment campaign conducted primarily through the use of the hashtag gamergate .
i dont want any new bis offensive gear or items in any way .
his thoughts are the polar opposite of what anyone should ever try to imagine .
wait so i 'm updated to the latest version which should cure the infamous i bug .
if i still see the bug it 's other people 's phone that are n't updated right ?
they are known to extremely vindictive and aggressive when someone publishes mild spoilers from legally purchased merchandize or when the press criticizes them .
besides there are always two ways to maintain reputation actually be good or annihilate all witnesses to the contrary .
wtf im actually in the building this pic was taken in right now
the bird alien that you were talking about is a new take on horror girl one of the generals from the original space sheriff gavan .
her head is just as ridiculous as it appears in next generation .
nahh buddy i remember the cheese would be supper good and gooey now when it comes unless i eat it right when i get it as a pick up..nor delivered just taste blah .
nope famous people are just normal like you and me .
i can run all ultra 144hz max view distance 60-80fps all the time with 15mods
really wan na get this phone just not sure about switching from a cdma to a gsm provider .
virgin mobile has been good to me and i 'm a bit hesitant to go over the edge for t mobile att or even cricket which would be the most ideal option for a plan budgeter like myself
age is not the issue here as you have bigger issues with him than just age .
red flags in the relationship like he is immature does not have ambitions not like cleaning does not know how to maintain the house sex is awkward you have to pay for him all the time and many more things in that line so better to end the relationship to be with someone who is mature and who makes you feel good in the relationship .
love is not enough to be in the relationship as apart from love so many things need to be considered to stay in the relationship otherwise you have to face the pain and unhappiness all the time .
your happiness is in your hand to take a final decision to make yourself happy .
we all have to find our own way there .
a few of our 4.0s are great on paper but impossible to work with
overachievers hold a lot of cards in this world .
they thought he was mentally ill not trans-aged . ''
people should be in jail for forcing kids to answer questions like this .
on ppp basis our gdp is 3 times bigger than uk .
i do n't know what to make of it .
i believe it is unwise to write it off so quickly
agreed whilst i do perceive him to be a hack i have reserved my final judgement until the day that he actually produces something .
enough people that love me to balance the self loathing .
managed it for a couple of years there is not a lot i would not do to get that back .
i thought he was just trying to suck the water out of the bottle with his mouth several inches from the opening
i remember speculation years ago back from when the final three was fist introducted that they have been doing this all along .
the fact that so many finalists since then have seemed honestly in the dark about the tiebreaker made it seem unlikely but now that jeff has revealed how a third finalist would break a tie between the other two it makes sense to start doing this .
look for yourself https www.politico.com/mapdata-2016/2016-election/results/map/president very few states with 2 difference in either way .
its mostly around 10 difference on average that or the other way .
notable close swing states are florida michigan maine pa nh .
tell me your email and market you are selling us uk eu ...
next ufc fight put him with steven lim kor kor
any chance there will be a psn sale for digital version ?
i should be getting a nintendo switch at some point may not be until after christmas though so i might ask for some games for that .
the problem is i do n't know which games will come with it if any .
i 'd like the new mario game but it 's possible the switch i get will be a bundle that comes with it .
i got fucked up driving directions from google maps audio too .
ended up on some fucking interstate freeway when my destination was like a half mile away .
took me over an hour when i could have walked it in 10 minutes .
it 's been 2 deaths as long as i can remember
yeh i entered at least 25 emails/people and four wins .
the thing i noticed is that i entered my name under 7 emails and they did n't hit .
all the ones that hit were people i only entered once .
now the room makes me want to cry from laughing .
kids just got shot in an elementary school but a rapper oding is so bad
so we 're all waiting here 600 of male sex toys ?
to end such absurd developments energy experts call for the use of alternative technologies .
many favor the idea of ​​ '' green gas '' .
this is about hydrogen which is generated by electricity .
why do n't those 'energy experts ' stop whining and start putting their money where their mouth is ?
all they need to do is sign a spot-price '' contract with their tso plunk down an electrolyzer of their choice and they are in business .
so far however the breakthrough of the green gas '' technology fails because of the lack of support from the legislator .
get rid of the turtle and the guy that skips leg day and the totally human not the zodiac killer ted cruz all the tea party people and every republican that complained about the deficit during obama that voted for the tax cuts .
oh sorry did n't really know what cat you were trying to improve .
can you take the hit in fg and reb to get rondo ?
also with his minutes going up rondo will probably turn over the ball more than dwight .
people who are able and willing to work hard are in high demand and rarely hang around at meetups .
i actually live in the town the top gun program is based in now .
i will have to ask the pilots i see around town if this is true .
i 'm using my home assembled franken ar ppx and a remington 1100 .
you do n't need fancy gear to get started .
i 'd recommend a cheap pump shotgun that can hold at least 7+1 .
frontier has a good deal on a turkish pump that 's set up just like this .
grab an m p 15 cheap new or used .
find a pistol you like and roll with it .
mine was 400 used with 3 mags and a holster .
buy cheap airsoft mag holders belts and shotshell holders off aliexpress .
it 'll cost a fraction of the name brand shit and it 's the same .
and that is how you accidently kill someone who has a real allergy
in the previous version i trolled people by pointing out that if what the python project says is true and it would have been impossible '' to support python 2 then they broke it and python 3 is not turing complete .
obviously python 3 is turing complete but python project members frequently claim something this basic is impossible '' soooooooooooo alright .
i even had a note after the gag saying it was a gag but everyone is too stupid to read that note even when they do elaborate responses to my writing .
even more telling was when people said this was stupid i 'd feign ignorance further and ask wait so why does n't python 3 support python 2 then ? ''
this then sent them down a logic loop death spiral of simultaneously trying to defend the design decision and also state that python 3 is fully capable .
it was pretty funny to watch but after a while i guess i have to straighten this out and simplify it so here you go .
seems like a guy who has no courage to say he was wrong .
i mean if i struggle to use python 's strings then you do n't have a chance .
people are just fine using strings in python 3 .
are you suggesting that her going to work is worse for the relationship than him continually disrupting her work ?
but ross only disrupted rachel once on one of her first days at work .
rachel pretty much just could have told ross she did not want him doing that again as it interfered with her work something that ross was probably open to considering he wanted to go get food with rachel and talk about the situation .
as for mark i 'm not suggesting that rachel going to work is worse for the relationship .
i 'm saying ross has every right to be distrustful .
for all he knows and in fact for all we the audience know all those days during work mark who is an extremely good-looking successful charming man and has way more in common with rachel than ross could be trying to seduce rachel who is already in a relationship until rachel does leave ross for mark which again is n't really different than what happened whenever ross thought carol and susan were going to the gym '' together .
i ca n't wait to not be able to afford to have my genes edited .
the convoy s2 is nice but it is n't as versatile as the blf a6 .
the a6 has a proper moonlight mode and a direct drive face melting turbo with a time based step-down – the convoy does n't mode all in one because of a very clever construction .
the settings in between are well spaced and it comes in tints which are well liked around here 5a and 3d .
the convoys presumably have a better build quality but overall i think the blf a6 is n't too bad .
it does n't feel as solid but the anodization is a lot grippier .
just make sure you use a high drain cell which can sustain 10a or higher like a samsung 30q or similar .
you can not redeem it but you can trade it in several exchanges ?
the question is is the usd there tô back it ?
it their website it says hold backing assets '' .
that is a big caveat if they do n't actually hold the usd but speculate on some other assets in the meantime .
i am pretty sure they are here to take over bitcoin .
how much are you trying to get in keys ?
if that is the case ea would change the system but maybe the damage done is already too much .
i think ea will the sales numbers until the end of the year before making any drastic changes .
if so i would start with the co-worker and maybe eat the cow only if i ran out of co-workers .
not playing as hero also gives a sense of pride and accomplishment
the moon glow gives the game a really cool feel and it kinda sucks because most players do n't touch night raids because of unforgiving they can be sometimes .
so what exactly did you mean by your original comment ?
no not conquering ltc i thought we were talking about btc/bch exclusively .
who the fuck gives a shit about ltc apart from you apparently .
keep up dumbass no straight thinking person likes fake satoshi or gives him any credence
yeah sure lets talk about the figures involved what does jihan stand for in your view ?
in fact what does theymos stand for or luke dash jr slavery censorship probably rape and a little bit of child porn too much like yourself i imagine
the number of developers working on btc is dwindling and it is just sliding into centralisation under corporate control from blockstream et al
you think this is over and btc has won nothing could be further from the truth this is just getting started
him missing a shot many possessions later does n't mean anything .
the point of passing back to shooter who just made a 3 is so the feeling is fresh .
either whaley or sutton would be solid lt. gov .
i would also think that the dems will try to clear out the field to avoid a contested primary so that cordray can focus on accumulating money for the knock-down drag-out fight that will undoubtedly be the general election .
if cordray faces dewine it will be a rematch in a certain sense of the state attorney general race in 2010 .
dewine narrowly beat cordray then who was the incumbent .
not sure if alcohol infused shitpost or not but i hope people will succeed soon i wish them luck .
that sentiment seems to be becoming more and more popular
kind of where i 'm at weed still gets pressed .
i did n't have any other numbers to compare the ghc contributors to .
but you 're right one out of ten is pretty good !
well i know a guy that did a whole gallon once ...
does that mean at one time before man appeared on the scene the earth was warmer than it is today ?
what is a normal '' temperature for the earth ?
the job of the electoral college was to protect us from demagogues and people completely unqualified to be the president .
trump was the test of the ec and it completely failed .
tinywm is written by nick welch mack incise.org 2005 .
edit if you guys like it i 'll edit all of them in the album into christmas card templates !
the eye balls are so f'ing good for par 3 's in tournaments i 'm kinda pissed i ran out of them .
i 've never had more hio 's than i did in that tournament .
but i was in the wrong level to win them as a prize so only had the 18 i got in the special they ran .
they actually had to take that part out because they were unable to prove that it was a. true and b .
he was probably actually using the action window at the end of the conflict phase not the fate phase window .
although i have only had one 'day one ' in the sense that i have n't had a relapse since i admitted i had a problem and started earnestly trying not to drink i only got this far by treating every day as a 'day one ' .
i try not to look back or to use how far i have come as an indicator of how well i 'm doing .
it 's probably more accurate to describe this as my 'first attempt ' rather than saying i managed not to relapse .
i guess long term sobriety is what over five years ?
i 'm coming up to two years next month so i guess i 'm in mid-term sobriety at the moment ?
sobriety is something i still work on every day although it is a bit different now from how it was when i started out .
in terms of the events there are still occasionally things that come up where i realise that i 've never done that thing sober before .
for example next year i 'm getting married in january and i 'm planning to graduate in may .
these will be the first wedding and graduation i 've been to since i got sober so i 'll probably go through the same head games prior to those in order to convince myself not to drink .
but as time passes i get more and more practice at not drinking in a whole bunch of different scenarios so these sorts of newly sober events become less and less frequent if you know what i mean ?
i have n't done aa but i have been seeing a therapist and i have been on medication for my anxiety for the last year .
it 's been really hard but i have been chipping away at the ptsd and generalised anxiety that were big contributors to my drinking .
i have also had lots of support from my partner .
3 i told my family and they have been good about it too .
nice now a modder needs to add animations to attack with the head as this could deal a lot of damage .
comment getapprovedby '' null '' getauthor '' iamthenuke '' getauthorflair '' null '' getbannedby '' null '' getbody '' inside jokes wont work on reddit feelsbadman '' getcreated '' thu nov 16 01:17:26 utc 2017 '' getdistinguishedstatus '' normal '' geteditdate '' null '' getfullname '' t1_dpvxb3y '' getid '' dpvxb3y '' getmoderatorreports '' '' getparentid '' t1_dpvwt8h '' getremovalreason '' null '' getreportcount '' null '' getscore '' 2 '' getsubmissionauthor '' null '' getsubmissionid '' t3_7d8ibz '' getsubmissiontitle '' null '' getsubredditid '' t5_3onkg '' getsubredditname '' rpclipsgta '' gettimesgilded '' 0 '' geturl '' null '' getuserreports '' '' getvote '' no_vote '' hasbeenedited '' false '' isarchived '' false '' iscontroversial '' false '' issaved '' false '' isscorehidden '' false ''
was in primary school at the time was wondering why cheeze tv was n't on .
so it really ins't the same as like jon jones doing coke in mma .
it 's not easy to wrap a western mind around this idea my own included but i sort of intellectually get that sumo is different for that reason .
i 'd guess that 's why any scandal is such a big deal .
i do n't know that it 's common for logic '' to have the final say in the creative world of this show nor do i agree that there are many things that definitively should '' have occurred .
that said i concur with another point in this thread that the minister of war would be quite interesting whatever the hell it is to be picked up for a story .
yeah the only dryish stuff they sell near me is shredded which probably would n't work as well .
not sure why you 're being downvoted for no shops selling a product near you
there is nothing quiet about trump and that 's something that i would imagine even trump supporters can agree on .
once your request is fulfilled please remember to thank who helped you and to mark your post as solved by changing the flair or by writing solved '' in the comments .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/photoshoprequest if you have any questions or concerns .
it was short and had no real replay value .
it was like the order 1886 in many regards .
i think if the quality is even it 'll be hard for joe six pack to tell the difference .
the current major way hydrogen is produced https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hydrogen_production is by reactions of fossil fuels .
currently the dominant technology for direct production is steam reforming from hydrocarbons .
so currently hydrogen offers no improvement over direct fossil fuel use as far as co2 generation .
i found the fancy flower that could almost be part of the flag in the first panel and the size of the red part almost more confusing than the shade tbh .
that 's good and all but i worry that ea might take this as a sign to just go towards the next battlefront instead of working on this game for years .
because that only happens if you 're a 6'4 muscular model .
that does a world of good for the painful diodes down my left side ...
since aki sora has already been mentioned i assume we 're counting all anime .
i 'm from the us and think it 's nice !
just asked my wife and she also did n't think it was weird or difficult to hear/say .
he should build spaceships instead and enjoy some 3d chess with aliens
the soap i used is called noble formula 2 pyrithione zinc soap .
it 's actually not very drying because they have moisturizing ingredients .
i used the one with mango butter because i did n't feel comfortable using the one with emu oil haha .
also whatever soap you use make sure to leave it on your face for at least a minute or two before washing it off !
how else do we voice our opinion to moderators that make it their business to delete unpleasant opinions ?
file the 2nd claim and send the estimate for the first claim 's damages to the adjuster on the second claim .
they 'll be able to write up the old damage as unrelated prior damage '' and pay accordingly .
this https drive.google.com/file/d/1azs5jazwb-ewkfxq1xuv3fzxq6rgdl5-/view ? usp=sharing should be the googledoc/pdf .
i will also try to remember to update this one when i update the other .
i bet you ca n't even name 5 examples of bandwagoning .
can you tell from this photo if it 's male or female ?
does n't matter if you go fast or slow .
you have less wind resistance going slow but you have it for longer .
in the end it 's just a distance thing .
like anything else your body can become more efficient at it the longer you do it .
what i do know is that there are bots that inflate likes .
coordinate your team to gank him whatever lane he 's in and jungle gank when he 's likely in the jungle .
that said just not losing your lane is just as important .
a ton of heroes get really strong and powerful when they have the lane to themselves get a couple kills in their lane or otherwise just dominate the lane .
it 's those scenarios that cause wins and losses regardless of any hero that anyone 's chosen .
most likely it 's exactly what happened in your game s .
that said picking counter heroes like winter wyvern or sven or even pangolier axe or leshrac can also do well do deal with meepo but it 's not necessary .
people do n't realize that cos are just like middle managers .
if you have a good one that will put his ass on the line for yours you 'll generally have a good experience .
if you are under shitty management you 're going to have a shitty time .
and lets not delude ourselves the military is just like civilian life when it comes to having its fair share of shitty managers .
randle should be starting he is the only guy ready to go every night .
you have to be very careful with the voltage of your outlet and the psu you use .
the site minervaults.com the s9 i ordered from them came with a compatible psu so it was mostly turn key operation plug-and-mine .
yeah but that 's if you do n't factor in the power dynamic .
that wombat might have felt compelled to say yes .
i 'm sure a lot of those women are just people you would not want to be in a 10 mile radius of let alone date '' but let me give you a little insight into the heels thing .
growing up tall girls are told over and over again that they can never ever wear heels if they want a boyfriend because men do n't like women to be as tall or taller than them and that tall women have to work extra hard to be feminine '' .
that message sinks in and some women never get over it .
just like some shorter men never get past the message that their height somehow makes them less manly .
i mean this is petty revenge stories and op sems to fit that description .
i 'm not even sure what the revenge is for honestly
yeah but even there you just listed how the english name is different from the japanese name .
we do n't call him bejitto we call him vegito .
granted vegito is also messed up in its own way but it does give hope that maybe just maybe kefla will get a less awful name .
you need to buy helm microtransactions so you do n't get your front teeth knocked in case of collision .
not allowed if the prosecution brings it up first ... but if the defense tries to paint someone as a good citizen then the doors are open .
depends on question but split the growth into the 3 types first sustained inclusive and sustainable then show how each growth is achieved .
the criteria for each type of growth is quite distinct .
inb4 streamers try to justify the op of the current polled items just so they can make more interesting '' content .
how can you say this and then go be a total asshole on r/nba ?
a person doing a job has to have sufficient knowledge to not only perform their duties but to be able to react to unexpected occurrences and they must be reliable .
i 've read that it 's only for the purpose of withdrawing bcash .
you can do with it what you want at that point but afaik i have n't heard plans to let people sell straight off the site .
which means i have to try and figure out some other exchange that lets me verify myself to trade and is n't a broke piece of shit like kraken .
i would enjoy more if your emvoed protection from creatures and the landwalks .
and just give all forms of evasion that is not straight up unblockale feel like it would be funnier
hopefully he shows up in conference play like he did last year .
oh no they 're ok with him being a pedophile too
hello it seems that you did n't specify a date in the title !
add the year the picture was taken in to the title and feel free to resubmit your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fakehistoryporn if you have any questions or concerns .
before 76ers start talking trash i cant remember a game we won this season where we didnt get fucked up in the early first quarter .
no more dickhead iso ball lauri markkanen rooting for young players and i get to see antonio mf blakeney go for 16 points .
night driving is especially challenging because far too many vehicles have no lights very dim lights or non-standard lights such as green or blue instead of red lights on the rear .
if they were the same it would kind of defeat the purpose of having different rarities .
i do n't know where this is or what the laws are there so i 'll answer with my local laws .
cyclists are permitted to roll through stop signs if it 's safe to do so and proceed through red lights after stopping again if it 's safe to do so .
2 i feel much safer taking advantage of this rule than not .
by crossing before green i can put some distance between myself and the cars behind me .
i get to go quicker they do n't have to wait for me to slowly accelerate and when they do catch up to me they can pass in an open stretch of road much more easily and safely than they could in the middle of the intersection or immediately after it .
3 if a car runs a red light when it 's unsafe to do so they could easily kill me a pedestrian or another driver .
if i do it i 'm really only threatening my own safety .
road rules are designed somewhat to protect people from themselves but much more to protect them from others .
again i do n't know if point 1 applies to your town but 2 and 3 definitely do .
ahh in that case situations like that are exactly the hard part of sam .
how much time do you have before something unpredictable happens ?
the general rule afaik is you always want your buffs up and i think the kenki is more valuable than the dot — as long as that dot 's not down for too long so gosh that 'd sure be a good time to hold onto meikyo for and on and on and on ...
unfortunately if you 're trying to be optimal it 's kind of a do n't think feel class .
you 've got ta just know where you want to go next because if you 're actually taking time to calculate your best move that 's already downtime but if you keep up your rhythm you can probably cycle back to it really quickly .
theorycrafting at that level is way above my pay grade lol .
you guys are going to post something everytime ball gets scored on lol .
if this was past anyone else it would n't be a highlight .
must not have been here when this figure was released .
i sold mine before even opening because i did n't want to deal with it .
yea i knew it was meant to be today but i thought they only delayed it 1 day
i bought it because it 's supposed to work well with the steam controller .
tell us the one where you go f a s t
or the white haired ref exchanging words with the students
if you want to dip into a world of insanity .
go to youtube and lookup why i did n't vote .
a shit ton of those folks are black or are bernie supporters and or feel like there 's zero difference between the parties .
go talk to your doctor now 21 13 8 18 15 3 17 19 2 16 23 7
and at this rate it 'll be married to your mom by the weekend .
and then he made it so no one else could shoot one .
you 've got to get in while you can .
i thought for sure they would vote out joe on the revote .
anyone have any thoughts on why the heck they did n't ?
i would kill for the highest float st awp asii with an ibp holo scope haha
this is really bitter to me as i think escape is an underrated gem and do n't tread on me is one of my least favorite older '' metallica songs .
hero of the day if this loses to s r i 'm literally going to cry myself to sleep
my friend of misery this was n't so hard choice but too bad for motorbreath it is one of my favorites from kea
i did n't make any promises and bought it ... .and it 's a lot of fun
you are right but it looks more like the unlimited cruise games
could be wrong here but my understanding is that ny was the gateway to the american empire .
and brook shooting threes is still not fucking awesome to me .
money is fungible its value is wholly agreed upon .
you ca n't buy a house with i do n't know two babe ruth rookie cards ought to do it .
the fish get lost and travel trough farm land .
the amount of pesticides and chemicals they likely get exposed to in that short time would make me advice not to eat them
naruto was overpowered i realized after watching naruto again recently.his first loss came against kimimaro in 1vs1 fight
there 's also alot of mains who gamble to invest i their accounts i know i ha e before .
yeah then i assume they must just test drivers probably a liability/insurance thing
we 're a bunch if fuckin pussies that think it 's funny .
i have to say for all lis ' hyping up of rachel as this amazing person the likes of which there never has been or will be again ?
also her va performance has got to be the weakest among the whole cast which really does n't help .
the voice reads are all really flatly or poorly delivered .
this is a satire subreddit for fleshed out stories .
if your story is obviously true or verifiable it will be removed .
please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/thathappened if you have any questions .
the amazon price on the red version just got thicker by 100 woah
the claim has always been that selling the asset and then taking money in increased taxes will somehow work out because it will magically be run more efficiently and profitably '' .
oh thank god i had a hunch-feeling to check this subreddit .
i tried googling this exact autocorrect issue but the only thing i got as results were the i a ?
i 'm running ios 11.1.1 on iphone 8 plus a1897 and i have this exact same issue too .
thing is it '' was never maliciously autocorrected to i.t '' until it sporadically started happening around 3pm yesterday .
i 've got a few other friends messaging me that something 's up with their keyboard after that time too .
issue but i feel like this problem is a lot more obscure and is n't acknowledged by apple .
on that note i guess this marks my first ever comment on reddit so hey everyone
edit issue 's also popped up on r/apple 's https www.reddit.com/r/apple/comments/7bipj9/did_apple_assume_that_whenever_someone_uses_the reddit .
shit that sucks ... this was how we got such a good deal on our first house .
found a shady realtor who was willing to work harder to get the seller to accept our low ball offer than other offers because they were double ending the deal .
then we got her to take care of some of the closing costs because her commission was so big .
are you implying my shitposts quality fanfiction are not preemo material ?
there 's already a prt '' system in place that 's supposed to be followed for those that are in dep .
it 's just that not all recruiters police themselves .
releasing a navadmin wo n't do jack shit if spot checking recruiting districts are n't done .
unti then they 'll see a few failing recruits in boot that somehow ran an 8 minute prt while they were in dep .
this is a step in the right direction it just needs to be followed up with accountability .
i literally just pictured various paulsons crying trying to shimmy-corner a crazed looking evan peters
the ink including his last name plus date plus location was written by someone else .
i ca n't think of any piece of evidence more damning than this .
it 's clearly not a color gradient or a digital artifact .
the ink alone is the only thing affected by it if so .
it is very compelling if only because i can easily relate to the fickle color variations of ink .
hypothetically assuming the accuser did fake it and did so recently it would be nearly guaranteed that the ink would be chemically different or physically due to age than ink written over 30 years ago .
without nelson you 've still got five women plus the deputy da including the latest one from '91 .
i remember that the offer to testify under oath was exactly what you were asking for before iirc ''
it 's easy to get people to say what you want them to say when there is zero repercussion for doing so .
what i saw happen with trump initially believing the women only to watch what happened made me very skeptical .
perhaps too much so but i ca n't help but try to get to the truth of this .
the fact of the matter is that words alone can not be permissible in this matter .
their words ca n't hold more value than his .
also allred refused to answer if she was providing legal service to any of the others .
not an admission of guilt but hey ... it 's allred .
she also was behind some of the trump women too .
not to be dismissive but these are also just words .
i understand that not everyone is a liar but there is simply no way to defend against words .
there is no tangible data behind any of these claims .
again it 's very cheap to get people to say what you want them to say .
it seems unusual that it would take 30 years for this information to become common knowledge-especially when he won his primary so handily .
it seems to me that we 're only being shown a very select and small number of opinions with no guarantee they 're genuine .
moore even faked a list of pastors as if they supported him after the allegations by stripping off the info that would 've shown it was old and re-using it . ''
washington post refutes it of course just as moore refutes his accusers .
apparently it 's a robo caller who steals identities .
the same people who created the moore story are the one 's we 're relying on to tell us they 're hands have no blood on them .
i agree very much with this analysis non-forsenic handwiting analysis is bullshit .
we need to test the inks involved for age and other forsenic provable factors . ''
i agree.thing is only moore 's attorney is wanting to do so right now .
allred is dithering and refuses to comply without a senate hearing .
as it stands it 's the accuser 's side that is obstructing that process .
i will say i do n't like anything about gloria allred based on what i 'm seeing in this case but i 'm not willing to throw out this much other evidence based on one shitty lawyer .
at this rate of accusers we hardly need anyone to vote against him but the women he assaulted and jones will pull through . ''
if the current trend continues however it may backfire big time .
should that one accuser turn out to be a fraud who will listen to any of them ?
especially given the climate of distrust regarding these types of accusations .
try reinhardt delthea linde effie nephenee brave lucina nowi cordelia tana valter or summer corrin
that 's the game that got me into online gaming .
wonder if my old clan hazteam is still kicking around .
i mean your last sentence pretty much sums everything up .
it 's not the lack of gameplay people are upset about .
it 's the completely shameless cash grab and estimated 4000 hours to unlock everything that has people baffled .
it 's thr most disgusting use of micro transactions i 've ever seen .
hey i have a meme that i need done involving star wars and ea please contact me and take the credit for it idc
its impossible to say specifically but barring injury and assuming you 're willing to do squat focused strength programs not back to back of course like the smolov jr. or the russian squat program or texas method i would not be surprised if you were able to squat 140-150 kg in 6-8 months .
120 kg for a 77 kg lifter is still fairly low and you should be able to progress quickly assuming you have proper rest and food .
i added 20 kg 145 to 165 to my back squat in the space of 4 months when i first started doing more intense squat programs .
progress after that was not as quick but steady as long as i was running dedicated squat programs .
exactly the centrists are normalizing their views and moving the overton window and this is imo on them more than the crazy alt-right people .
this is why i 've said the left needs to make them pick their side .
bring up something crazy these people say and point blank ask them do you agree with this ? ''
and if they do stick that to them and if they do n't make them condemn it .
how do you know it isnt open on the bottom
i 'm just going to assume that my fuck roy moore but open your eyes '' comments getting downvoted are hardline roy moore supporters .
i really enjoyed the combat along with those aspects .
the combat feels like such a struggle since you 're just a human albeit probably very very athletic against metal machines based off of predators .
plus all the extra gadgets add a lot to combat alongside the excellent bow combat .
it still gives you a little more time if your lucky haha
the hardware should be standard sized components.the onlt issue youre running in is the cables .
you should plug https www.reddit.com/r/paybackparis in your comment you have the visibility .
i 'd you 're going through a broker you 're not going to be able to go above 1/40 .
for sublets and private rentals it 's a little more flexible but they 're harder to find .
i guess you have n't been following the paradise papers leaks .
it turns out that no a lot of corporations and megawealthy individuals are not paying their taxes .
after the ipo excluding buy backs and new issuing of shares stock price does n't actually affect the financials of the company .
apple wo n't have more or less money in their treasure chest depending on how much their stock is trading for .
a company ca n't spent money to increase the value of their shares once again excluding buy backs and neither can a company spend money to make sure the value does n't drop .
seriously just read investopedia for a couple of hours or so you are embarrassing yourself .
you should probably read up a little bit on accounting too .
you do n't really seem to understand what costs are .
you wo n't ever admit that you are wrong .
you will waste your time trying to come up with a smart sounding argument as to why you are in the right .
but since you 're not you should probably spend your time on something else .
i can think of one reason it should have the utilities connected .
my message was n't clear on which game i procured .
back in the mid 1900s it was a norm that you not wash your hair because the hair dye had harsh chemicals and the oil from the unwashed hair helped protect your hair and scalp but products are much safer now so there 's no need to have oily hair .
just to add a quick note to this when you start receiving treatment from a counselor you become their responsibility .
they are obligated to help you however they can for however long it takes .
as a result if the psychologist does n't click '' with you they will probably be able to refer you to other professionals in the area .
this applies to professional counselors although i would think that psychologists have a similar code of ethics .
worst part is that stage 2 is a dragon !
well at least you can get cu to level 50 with the talons .
ma dhavan was a youtube channel that posted cringeworthy scenes from malayalam films ...
the sad part is people who could n't care less about this sport will probably think this is the actual world cup lmao
thank you so much for taking time out of your schedule to hatch them !
you know the first time i watched the movie i though the exact same thing .
but then i watched it again recently and holy shit she should have gotten the ceo .
its because she is 1 clearly not knowledgeable about running a business 2 can not handle it 3 ca n't trust anyone else to come in and do a better job .
beyond u/cheesyhootenanny 's excellent point when they introduce anne hathaway 's character she literally can not trust anyone to delegate work .
that 's her character flaw and it does n't go away at the end of the movie .
she takes forever to open up to robert de niro and nearly fires him like 3 times .
she sounds terrible to work with and i do n't blame her investors for asking her to get a ceo who knows what he 's doing .
no one had an issue with his damage output though .
this was n't supposed to be a damage buff it was meant as mobility .
can you agree 80 damage for a mine is reasonable ?
i am currently a moderator for one subreddit that was active during the r/nba survivor competition but i 'd love to learn more .
i absolutely love star wars in general and i am really excited about battlefront 2 .
i feel like i can make a great contribution to the community and i am really excited to get to meet all these fellow star wars fans .
i currently have a lot of free time so i would be able to help around the clock .
i want to add a day either every week or month where we come up with concept ideas for new dlc or a completely new game .
i want everyone in this sub to be heard but i still do want it to be in positive light since currently the main swb2 sub is out of control .
i also want to encourage people to post their best moments/highlights from in game .
i 'd also like to create polls about the sub so that we get feedback on what to add/fix or polls about the game itself .
one more thing i want is a themed community day like wrist rocket wednesday for the other sub where the whole community comes together and just talks about star wars .
thank you for holding this session and i wish good luck to everyone applying .
no place like you and the love you let too close .
but then again i 've been listening to this album for 3 weeks straight .
on my way to work at work and then back home .
usually i get bored after a week but not this .
yes nothing to get the blood flowing to the loins like being told you 're obligated to love someone .
i am trying my hands on creating a simple blockchain https github.com/jochasinga/miniblock .
figured python would be the only language that would n't get in the way of trying to understand this .
but is n't it important to give minutes to a player you 're developing specially in a season that the team is not trying to amount to anything ?
perhaps it is just a different way of viewing things as a result of numerous experience factors .
all putin 's fault '' is things i have heard .
i 'm reasonably certain that russia did play a role in the reaults of this election as it appears you do as well .
i am however not willing to believe that russia orchistrated start to finish a trump election .
i am however more than willing to believe that primary voters and also election voters are dumb enough to vote for trump .
several people i am aware of voted this way on the at least it is n't hillary '' route .
i think the all '' is the word that ticks the silly box for me .
i simply do not have the certainty that it is all '' russia 's fault and do n't see the implication that russia had nothing to do with it . ''
i see that there are facts and then there is also innuendo being pulled together .
a situation of innuendo was directly refrenced in regards to the limo 's .
influence and full fault are not the same in the world i live in .
many factors and presumably nation states have influence in an election having full fault as a product of high degrees of control i simply need more evidence .
they can bitch all they want ea is n't liable for what they do n't know is going on .
if anything the parents would be held criminally liable for allowing their child to gamble illegally .
and you ca n't really open an investigation into something that 's not remotely illegal ...
when they did the demo i thought we were going to get a larger prewar element .
when i started roleplaying the game i virtually roleplayed a prewar backstory using operation anchorage and la noire freeroam mode .
sadly if you go in the summer it really is n't .
ingram and kuzma both shot twice as much as ball .
a jumper that 's as ugly as shawn marion 's but somehow less accurate .
but i️ do feel this is so relevant as it illustrates the impossible standard women of color are held to .
i wake up thinking my day is going to be normal only to find someone actually type this sentence .
id rather no more celebs run countries and instead we get someone who knows how to do it
this happens every little bit because of the name that 's why the sub for trees is r/marijuanaenthusiasts and most of us get a good smile from it .
my friends and i use discord while playing d2 without any problems .
outstanding high in boot camp is freaking hard so they would have earned it .
i dislike playing against a good fatigue warrior/freeze mage but i love punishing the bad ones when i see a clear missplay .
i guess it is just a matchup of extremes for me personally .
i was hoping you could spread a message to other platforms to help us stand up to them .
i 'm looking to explore master difficulties and explore act 4 .
the only thing they reduced is the amount of credits you receive after completing the campaign since you were to unlock her after completing the campaign or use the credits on an other hero .
because my friend iden versio was 20k before the downscale now you can unlock her with only 5k credits .
darth vader costs 15k and i can tell you it takes less then 3 hours to unlock him .
oh all the imagery the girl standing on the branch the guy dying '' the guy carrying his brother etc .
i 'm sure there is a compilation of it somewhere i do n't remember it 100 .
i 'm playing the game while you 're still waiting and checking everyday if the crack is out yet .
when there is a woman president of the church then i 'll concede that they might just be on a path that leads toward equality somewhere in the future .
damn lord wilson coming in straight from the streets to set things right .
i 'm flipping from from a state of agreeing with that to disagreeing with that .
dependence on capitalism is a failure of the state .
reading this sub is going to give you a biased viewpoint .
nobody bothers to go on reddit or other social media and post when they are happy .
just like nobody calls customer service just to thank them for helping solve a problem the day before .
the reason people keep doing flex is because overall the money is good for the amount of effort and it 's nice having the freedom to take time off whenever you want .
whether or not it 's worth it for you depends on your specific situation .
18/hr does n't go as far in l.a. as it does in other places so you need to do some math to figure out what you would actually earn after expenses .
if you have a gas guzzling vehicle you will probably spend all your earnings on gas .
only you can determine if it 's worth it .
i 'm glad it worked for you but often when trust is violated it causes the hoarder to hunker down and be even more resistant to help and more protective of their possessions .
then they can deteriorate to an even worse condition .
i 'm glad it worked out with you grandmother but i 'd guess that she was not on the severe end of the spectrum .
because lots of hoarders value their stuff over any relationship and would cut contact with you for your intervention .
this is why it needs to earn games an ao rating at least but it 's being buried under the 'is it technically gambling ? '
ugh yea i have ed that was one of the tell tale signs and the loss of muscle mass and libido were also signs .
it has been quite obvious as i am a heavy equipment mechanic .
just waiting to see what this new doc comes back with .
lol sorry you 're in the same boat but glad i 'm not alone !
d maybe we should both try a bit later ?
i am thinking of waiting till 6am today and then trying an hour later every day from now kind of thing as a test
the way to get the sympathies of pr departments to sponsor a thing is to get their brand press .
that means getting the brand in shot in public realistically .
i 've had a lot of product placement over the years and it 's all about being seen in a context they could n't afford as an advert .
unless someone creates a 6 map of harumachi clover then it 's literally impossible to get 1000pp from it sadly .
and if you think that 's just due to noobie level designers you 're crazy .
i really wanted to love it too as a huge sonic fan but they 've really ruined their ip here .
they 're treating sonic as an atm because they know fans will buy just because it 's sonic not giving a shit about the franchise .
the more excuses you make the more they 'll keep this up .
they had plenty of time and made a shit game and should be held accountable for it .
armchair fan devs make better games than the entire sonic team .
bring back kalinske og devs and put soj in the backseat to return sonic to his former glory .
it 's not so hard to train for astronaut .
just suck the air out of a room to create zero gravity
i will say that this traffic looks very tame relative to the experience i had visiting iran .
r/vegetarianpizza needs your pizza too some people do n't subscribe to both subs .
except this is the scottish government who do care about this they are against brexit due to this and against increase the burden of poverty in scotland that is already present .
an increase in food prices would just add to the already overburdened system .
i mean would n't that make sense that not being a literal walking tank would make scouring an apocalyptic violent wasteland a bit more difficult ?
i 've always thought the gap between combat armor and power armor should be very noticeable .
it 's way too inconsistent in comparison or ana would be the must pick right now
so you wife is banging a used car salesman ... it 's humiliating i know .
but god damnit harry take it like a man !
the game producer revealed on twitter that the dlc will not be made available soon '' since they have to work thoroughly on the port .
that reminds me of a line of philip hamilton in the musical
wait wait fucking cd projekt red own good old games ?
how is a newer engine more limited than the older one ?
good for him for winning immunity but cole is still kind of a mess .
even though it was anonymous cole 's intention on eating more than his share cropped up again he has failed in making any social bonds and his reactions to ben 's accusations about having an idol were weak .
having said that at least he flipped on joe ?
it 's not going to get him anywhere though .
i really think the biggest difference is one you start with everything and are trying to keep it together while the other you start with nothing and have to build your world from scratch .
the rules are both a mess but the app the current version for fm will walk you though most everything so that really helps .
i am really impressed with the app right now .
as for theme first martians is much more science .
so if reading about how concrete is made is n't interesting to you then yes it may be boring .
but if you are fascinated about how high iron content soil can cause interference in radio communications and grounding then fm is for you .
i personally really like first martians and i love the campaigns .
no longer are you just trying to meet the needs of this game but win the game while making sure you are in a good position to win the next game .
i love that you can win a game in a way that it basically makes the next game impossible to win .
new ships are already required in platoons right after their release .
cg if you want to mess with us at least be consistent about it .
sorry i was asleep let 's trade on friday just reply whenever you are ready to trade on friday and i 'll be good to go .
just need hp fire grass mons to start breeding some hp fire bulbasaur tangela etc .
the real challange is trying to sit through the whole video .
ah alright thanks i did arty last rotation but struggling this time ca n't get vero to survive long enough to take out any trash going to re rune him and see if that helps .
been trying same team as yours but spectra instead of mantura as i do n't have him
sex does n't have to involve objectification ... a boy can simultaneously be someone you care about and your own private little whore who loves to be fucked .
do n't know how you can change his attitude to sex .
her dad took her to the ireland denmark game the other day when ireland got beat badly so she was n't too happy about that either .
she 's doing well in school she gets reading homework from the class above as she 's a pretty advanced reader .
very intelligent kid yet a complete dumbass at the same time she recently spray tanned her face and had a nice trump look going on so tried to get it off with sudocrem and talc powder and soap .
at least it was n't as bad as the time she put loads of spiders in the bath ... .
i wo n't see her for 3 weeks now .
okay so you are admitting you do n't know the full picture too but you 're commenting on what happened .
i am simply saying what came from nus along with what my friend said so that 's all .
fuck naoya has 1 fight in america and stops ?
the universe does not have a perfect mate who is better than the last one lined up for you .
you are not entitled to love and happiness and its not guaranteed .
you have just as much of a chance of dying alone or finding someone else who is also a complete cunt .
in fact you likely have more chance of either of those than the magical happy ever after you want .
things are not going to get better just because life is not a feel good hollywood movie .
what a hoe she had a boyfriend and still went to a coworkers house to hang out
links diretos para o facebook não são permitidos pois costumam revelar informações pessoais e isso é contra as regras do reddit https www.reddit.com/rules .
caso o link não contenha informações pessoais por exemplo se apontar para o perfil oficial de uma organização ou pessoa publica por favor entre em contato com a moderação .
para saber mais a respeito do que é considerado informação pessoal leia o faq do reddit https www.reddit.com/wiki/pt-br/faq .
caso acredite que o link seja relevante entre em contato com a moderação https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/brasil .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/brasil if you have any questions or concerns .
lots of schalke fans call him judas '' until today .
he 's getting booed every time bayern plays at schalke .
we blame him for joining one of our fiercest bundesliga rivals instead of joining a club abroad .
i think at least manchester united was interested in him as well
i guess it was rather a wish for the future that there could be several thousands projects using the platform
so teeny tiny and so compact and so beautiful and ... breathes i love it so much .
would you mind if i took this idea for inspiration ?
just in time for thanksgiving i 'm just wrapping up with an android app i 've been working on .
i 'm a programming student and needed something for my final project this semester .
i realized this is something that i would use plenty i always forget what fish are where/when and what exactly i needed for certain bundles .
so with permission from concernedape i made this app .
disclaimer this is not an official stardew anything this is fan-made for the fans .
that being said do n't expect angry birds levels of polish .
i 'm excited to dump this out to the community and get some feedback .
i do have plans on continuing this in the future and expanding the app to include prices schedules relationships etc .
basically a wiki for mobile that is n't crap the other apps on android are mostly garbage from what i saw .
tl dr reference app for bundles is coming soon to android
finalest of updates as of 12/16 it is finally published https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=ulrichinc.sdvhelper
thanks everyone for the support look forward to updating it and going forward !
i ca n't seem to find a single version other than the album one of panic song .
have anyone tested run black desert online on raspberry pi ?
the game it self is a triple aaa title and the file size is 50gb .. can raspberry pi run it ?
dont matter if it slow ... coz will only just login into the game and afk .
if you add me regarding a trade please just tell me straight up what it is you want and what it is you are offering
things i 'm most interested in painted octane any colour painted lonewolf any colour painted call sign banner any colour
i 'm going away to the arse end of beyond this weekend and was wondering if there could/will be any shenanigans like last week .
if so what can i do to protect my billion pound in the future investment .
i 've been a long time hodler and decided to buy in again last thursday then kept an eye on things and have been glued to things since then .
i hope it 's not always that interesting '' .
does it 'burn ' a worn dull line faster than using oiled lanes ?
looking for well endowed guys or big cummers up for showing off 7 inch .
more than happy to send pic/vids back if you have what i 'm looking for .
bonus points if ur uncut and in the uk .
how am i supposed to know what warframes to start looking at crafting ?
they all require different components and i do n't wan na buy a blueprint for something that has resources from a super high level area that i 'm not ready for yet .
on these survival missions the ones where we defend something in the middle of the map how long should i be staying in for ?
i bounce out at 15 waves after getting bored usually .
is there a goal for these types of missions ?
are the weapons pretty much balanced or will i be making a mistake if i accidentally choose a weak '' weapon to pursue .
i 've been auto-assigning them but i 've heard that is n't the best idea .
i 'm sure there 's a more suitable guide somewhere to look at but ... how do i begin understanding what types of mods are optimal for each warframe weapon ?
i only play multiplayer-games like lol csgo bf1 overwatch fifa etc .
but since i have more time now i want to try some games when nobody is online .
the only game i ever played offline was firewatch and hell i love it .
what games can u recommend me that are close to firewatch ?
i love open world survival post-apocalipse shooter adventure action .
what are must games for me from the last 2 or 3 years that i should have played ?
please send me a private message with any comments or feedback on how i work .
edit as of mon jan 15 04:06:34 est 2018 the post is at 13132pts|9c
submission the jehovah 's witnesses owe 4,000 every day they do n't turn over details of alleged child sex abuse .
comments the jehovah 's witnesses owe 4,000 every day they do n't turn over details of alleged child sex abuse .
they should go into the jehovah 's witness protection program .
you should check out r/exjw there are thousands of stories like this
former jw here with no plans of ever going back cause i 'm pro-gay rights and science .
this is n't a defense but for anyone who 's curious why they 'd do this it 's actually an interesting issue that affects all religions in the us .
most states have some law about confessional privilege '' .
just like how you can go into a catholic confession booth and tell a priest you murdered someone raped a child etc and they legally do n't have to tell the authorities and by canon wo n't the same exists for all religions .
the only thing that determines whether reporting happens is internal church decisions/laws .
doctrine can vary not only from religion to religion but even church to church .
interestingly although some may compare the clergy privilege to doctor-patient confidentiality .
a doctor/therapist must now report if a child has been abused or if they believe you will hurt yourself or others .
this means that someone appointed in a religion possibly with no training has less reporting requirements than a professional .
so the question that should be put forth on a national level is whether we should have the same reporting requirements for religious officials as we do doctors .
now the reason that this is likely being contested by the jw 's and why it could even be a case with clergy privilege existing in the first place is the same as other states/districts where it 's occurred see mcfarland v. west congregation of jehovah 's witnesses .
and that is the legal question of how far does the current privilege extend '' .
ohio 's 9th district found it applied directly to religious counseling but not to memo 's clergy may write to one another .
although this does provide a legal precedent on a national level it also creates an incentive for religious organizations to not keep or communicate any records of abuse potentially just as if not more hazardous .
the clergy privilege law is the same law that allowed the catholic church to cover abuse and ultimately as long as clergy privilege continues to cover child abuse and danger to selves/others we 're going to keep running into the same problems .
it 's a cult and under the current leadership becoming more so every day .
turning into televangelists plus the famous magazines that were once 36 pages per month are now 8 pages 4 times a year .
the report from reveal news https www.revealnews.org/blog/jehovahs-witnesses-tab-for-child-sex-abuse-secrecy-2m-and-counting ? utm_source=reveal utm_medium=social_media utm_campaign=twitter that 's linked in this article has more details .
in june judge richard strauss imposed sanctions of 4,000 a day until the organization complied .
in upholding strauss ' order last week the appellate judges called the watchtower a recalcitrant litigant who refuses to follow valid orders and merely reiterates losing arguments.
should the watchtower again refuse to comply with the court 's order the judges wrote strauss would be justified in kicking the jehovah 's witnesses out of court and ruling in favor of padron .
indeed we find watchtower 's conduct so egregious that if it continues to defy the march 25 2016 order terminating sanctions appear to be warranted and necessary the judges wrote .
i 'm very interested to see how this case turns out .
let me just give 10 of my income to help protect child abusers .
i think everyone should read the original investigative article by the reveal .
they 're not salesmen they do n't get paid per conversion .
i 'm pretty sure they get paid in heaven points per effort and if you act like someone they would enjoy talking to then they are likely to come back even if you never go to the kingdom hall .
plus they 're at your house and can leave any time they want .
it 's an unscheduled visit so they wo n't even look rude when they eventually wrap things up and leave .
if you want them to leave and never come back tell them you have been excommunicated .
they are not allowed to associate with people who have been excommunicated .
and i did n't even mention the other buildings they sold in ny .
oh and another dirty little secret they buy property build a kingdom hall and sit on it for years .
and then eventually they sell the land for higher value .
now multiply that by all the kingdom halls internationally and you got a network of real estate that spans globally .
edit i 'm not saying what they 're doing is illegal or different from any other corporate company .
we were having a discussion how they have the financial infrastructure to afford 4,000 a day outside of donations .
it is always advised to put only money that you can lose '' and considered a high risk high reward investment since its inception .
what needs to happen in order for this mindset to go away so it can become like gold and other precious metals as store of wealth ?
i just made a big long post about my predicament and situation but i wanted to also share a quick success story .
the other day i really began to get serious about my morning gratitude practice .
i 've made a number of big changes over the past month or two including
stopped arguing with people online for the most part i used to spend hours a day debating people on reddit or twitter over politics/trump/etc
the social media was a huge thing because for years every morning i would wake up to dozens of twitter notifications news headlines etc .
sometimes the notifications would be people on twitter hating on me or arguing with me and it would set the tone for my entire day .
anyways it 's only been in the past three days i 've begun my morning gratitude practice .
what i do is go outside sit somewhere comfortable in the grass and think about everything i 'm thankful for .
usually i begin with small things like this weather '' that pretty tree '' that lovely butterfly '' etc .
this leads into general gratitude about my life and everything in it .
the first day i returned inside got online and had a freelance gig waited for me .
the second day i had an overall happy day with a lot of emotional progress and breakthroughs .
the third day i had 300 appear out of nowhere .
literally a family member just walked up and handed me 300 in crisp hundred dollar bills .
they said they know i 've been struggling and really wanted to help .
i 've been struggling ages and no one has offered help like that .
i had not asked that family member for help at all .
i know this is common knowledge but i just wanted to offer a testimony about how extremely important it is to begin your day in the energy of gratitude .
far too many people are obsessed with their phones and social media and it really is very toxic and will mess with your life if you allow it to .
language schools you can recommend meeting new people etc .
now i 'm studying for aud and man this is a whole nother ball game .
it makes far and bec look like preschool kiddie stuff .
there are waaaay too many concepts in here for any same person to remember .
i remember reading a blog post about a barber service that offers this but i ca n't remember it .
i got the broken token organizer for my gloomhaven and i also wanted to sleeve all my cards .
most of the cards fit where they are intended to fit no problem but i am having some uneasiness about the class tuck boxes as well as the personal active player broken token boxes .
the sleeved cards dont really fit back in the class tuck boxes .
i can get them in there but it stretches the box pretty good for some classes .
with the bt personal player containers you cant really keep the class specific modifier cards with the default modifier cards in the same box .
the stack gets too high for some classes that have more class modifiers causing them to not stack and the cards just slide off over the edge .
i managed to somewhat ease this by being able to put the sleeved class modifier cards back into the plastic wrap they originally come in which keeps them compact enough to not go over the edge of the box .
i did the same for the class action cards only keeping the lvl 1 and x cards out for easy access .
even doing this there still isnt enough space for the hp/xp counter to fit in the box so i store them in the large map tile area not a big deal .
doing this helps with the bt boxes but not so much the tuck boxes .
even compacted they are still too thick to fit comfortably in the tuck boxes .
im uneasy about it because i do n't want these boxes to get too damaged quickly .
i guess my question is does anyone have a good solution for this ?
having all my cards sleeved is freakin awesome but i 'm hoping to have it all fit together perfectly .
this also serves as a warning for others if they are looking to do the same thing .
if you 're here for naming it 's 13 on the list .
let 's cut to the chase i 've seen some ... . questionable names and titles around the subreddit .
this is why i 'm sharing this general guide that tackles specific like naming and broad fundamental errors that i see way too much and things people look for in a good concept .
if this list looks familiar it 's because i posted a long time ago .
if you 're super serious about making a champion nerd like me check out this lengthy guide made by katsuni in 2012 http forums.na.leagueoflegends.com/board/showthread.php ? t=2099323 .
here is an excellent guide for lore-making made by u/leiftheexplorer
if you need any clarification on any of these comment below .
1 do n't make 4 abilities that are all the same/all abilities shave similar names .
this makes the kit boring and not interesting for example yorik 's kit .
i see way too many of these and they never work out .
2 make a theme for your champion rather than random abilities that seem cool for example zed uses shadows talon uses blades rengar is a hunter .
3 lorewise avoid adding additional details to lores that already exists for example shadow isles or bilgewaters .
this only makes things more complicated and you have way more constraints .
instead use more general areas like shurima desert different jungles or areas etc..
4 do n't put direct point and click fears/stuns/silences/any other reliable hard cc on assassins .
5 if you just ca n't figure out a kit make a really cool ability that you think should be in the kit and model the rest around it .
6 do n't feel like you have to stick with your initial kit you can always change it completely still sticking to the playstyle and theme .
8 do n't toss random numbers and true damage where they do n't belong .
laning additionally which lane do you fit best in ?
1v1 fight vs a bruiser high defenses low offense but can sustain themselves over time
1v1 fight vs a mage high burst weak after their burst runs out tend to have at least 1 hard cc
1v1 fight as a ranged squishy be they a mage dps or support
1v1 fight as a bruiser or tank trying to get into range of them
how do you deny them from feeding massive amounts of exp and gold ?
11 when you make lore ask yourself who is the champion ?
where is he going/what will he be doing next ?
does it help a massive amount in making a design more fun and does it provide an enormous source of inspiration to work with ?
you do n't need '' lore but trust me it 'll make things a ton easier with it around .
13 when naming a champion you want something that indirectly hints to a player what that champion does or something of their back story .
keep in mind that regions in runeterra stand for real life regions for example zaun is germany means fence in german and shurima is egypt my champion concepts use this fact for naming .
if you 're making an egyptian-themed character an egyptian-themed name can work quite well so long as you stay away from the really blatantly obvious ones like the names of the most obvious gods ra hathor bast and do n't rely on a grade 2 education for famous figures .
if you call your egyptian character cleopatra '' i will personally hunt you down drive to your house and slap your face .
primarily they exist as a way to restrict players from casting their abilities non-stop .
sometimes this is done through mana sometimes through energy sometimes through simple ability cool downs .
15 remember just because you have a heal does n't mean you 're really qualified to be a true support !
16 build some flaws into your design and make sure those flaws have a valid set of options to be overcome .
lacking for survival is another as there are tons of ways to sustain oneself or to survive combat .
either way you 're opening the player up to choices and that is nearly always something that brings fun to the game !
17 to make a champion with a specific role first isolate what you want your champion to accomplish .
second determine what they need to be capable of doing in order to fulfill the roles you desire .
18 ensuring that your champion design has at least a few missing bits that they have to fill in will let them choose whether to use their masteries runes items or summoner spells to counteract such .
19 make complex mechanics that create gameplay only if the victim understands what is going on .
20 itemization excessively long cc and various other things are often used in games like dota 2 to make a single unit ridiculously powerful .
the basic design philosophy of these other titles is that if we make everything unbalanced then by comparison they 're all balanced in relation to each other ! '' .
21 an ultimate ability is more than just a big explosion cough graves .
it must have a strong connection to the theme and feel like you finally have all the tools you need once you get it .
22 never give players two choices if one of them is wrong .
zarya 's shield from overwatch and abbadon 's ult/shield from dota you can either hit them or not hit them but hitting them is the wrong choice .
23 mainly there are two ways to start designing a champion from a theme and lore or more rarely from a gameplay mechanic idea like a support which leaps before its allies to block shots taking an existing gameplay mechanic and taking it to the next level .
it 's crucial that you establish a character more so than establishing an archetype .
what i mean by this is that it is n't enough for somebody to be a puppeteer or a fencer or a ninja they need to be a character somebody with a background personality flaws and desires .
25 remember in every bad concept there is at least one good element .
having a look at ashes tickets for the scg test and the only tickets available for days 1-3 are restricted view tickets .
does anyone have any idea how restricted the views in these seats typically are ?
i 'm looking to sell my parker im fountain pen the first pen i bought when i started the hobby a cross bailey pen i received as a gift a while back and a pilot pen that i received with a bundle that did n't specify its name .
i know these pens are n't worth that much compared to a lot of pens posted here so i am open to offers to get them off my hands .
i would be interested in trading the pens for a different pen or for an ink bottle or two .
the goal is to get rid of them all at once so i am willing to bundle the pilot in with the purchase of another pen .
each price above does not include shipping which will most likely be going in a small padded envelope depending on the pen or pens purchased .
each pen has hardly been used and is in excellent condition if not for a few fingerprint smudges that i will clean .
please contact me with any questions about the pens .
shoot me a message or respond on here and we can squad up efficiency is 2 and higher every game .
i can only watch games on mlbtv so i can never see them even if i wanted to .
i guess the other question is how can i watch a postgame show if i really wanted to since other streams just use the mlbtv feed as well
whenever i use waze on android auto i experienced 2 excruciatingly annoying bugs .
after searching of a location using chat and then tapping the correct address the map directions load and i have .3 seconds to click go now '' before it magically minimizes .
this is so damn frustrating when i drive and i am in a rush .
only work around is to manually type in the address .
the map gets all funky and my arrows and graphics are large and blurry leaving waze unusable .
only solution is to unplug my phone turn off waze then load it up again .
i literally switched to android just for waze on aa and these bugs make driving hella dangerous .
running the latest android software and wase app on the google pixel .
guys so last week when best buy had their pricing error .
i 've been rocking an air 2 wifi which i 've never complained about except for the lacking sim slot .
i really want and need a cellular ipad as i get a 6gb a month free on an extra sim card i have .
the 10.5 is great and its speakers are great .
but is it 600 better than my air 2 ?
it 's almost twice as much as two used pro 9.7 but all i really want is that sweet lte .
i got 250 off retail price which is a nice deal but is it still worth it ?
hit them where their wallets are and you 'll win every time .
money is the name of the game not just for this industry but for every single big corporation out there .
i know this is n't new news to anyone but what has happened with this community versus ea is nothing short of amazing and we should all feel empowered .
when we come together we can truly inspire change .
what 's the best a player has ever posted without scoring from the field at all ?
i am the emperor of britannia and the king of andalusia is my vassal .
the king 's vassal the duke of cordoba is his vassal and my ward .
i tried to arrest the king of andalusia he usurped the kingdom from the duke of cordoba and i was n't going to let that stand and when he revolted the duke of cordoba did n't join his cause despite being his vassal .
or are there other mechanics which would prevent the duke from joining his liege in revolt .
i gave myself injections at night and that helped with nausea .
i 'm not sure if saxenda or contrave caused nausea because i started both at same time .
i 'm 5'3 and was 185 and now i 'm abt 145 .
i went from tight size 14 to a easy 8 and sometimes a 6. o. i have quit snoring and no longer have reflux .
i ca n't believe to tell you how great it is .
dramamine pheranagan take in morning with meal try anything .
i 'm not bragging now but sometimes i get embarrassed when everyone asks me what did i do .
i was ashamed to admit that i went to my doctor for help however i only work two days a week so i could not lie '' and just day it was diet although truly the lack of diet was the reason .
i do n't really crave anything at all and if i do it 's mostly smoothies .
i had a doctors appt today and i apologized to her for referring so many people to her .
she cried at my results and she is not trying to wean me off .
she has the best philosphy to weight loss and she is a real md not some quick weight loss md and i 'm a rn as well .
she said it will take a long time for my body to think that 185 is not normal .
so if i go off meds then body wants to go back to normal '' 185 .
we have to retrain my body that 145 is my normal so stay on meds to retrain metabolizism .
then get lower and so on and so on .
please feel free to message me if you have questions abt saxenda or contrave or both .
my son who was given the massive card collection https www.reddit.com/r/baseballcards/comments/7a0be3/my_neighbor_asked_if_my_son_wanted_his_collection from the retied feller down the road has some rookie collector questions and i offered to post them here .
if you would not mind we included some pics for reference
to start he has a fear of passing over a rare of otherwise valuable card or making a mistake in handling .
i got him the beckett guide https i.imgur.com/olns0px.jpg is this the best place to start ?
his plan is to hyper organize them by make year card number .
what is the difference between this card in his set https i.imgur.com/bpx86qx.jpg and the same exact card on ebay https www.ebay.com/i/272880858777 ? chn=ps dispctrl=1 and this card on amazon https www.amazon.com/roger-clemens-donruss-diamond-kings/dp/b00cowcgdg ?
he has several factory wrapped box sets https i.imgur.com/sx2onhd.jpg .
should they be opened and gone through or kept sealed ?
he also has several boxes of bubble-gum packs https i.imgur.com/u62nayx.jpg unopened including this crackerjack one https i.imgur.com/vxdttkg.jpg .
provided he decides to sell some is it a better idea to sell the complete make/year sets or sell them individually ?
in the event he comes across some real treasures is sending them off to be rated worth the time and expense ?
i should note that he 's torn between flipping them to save for his first car and hording them forever but he sure is having a lot of fun with this huge project !
really enjoy the feeling of cutting could n't care about scars etc etc just would't want my family to see they would worry .
any who im focusing on the top of my arm just under elbow should i be worried about blood loss ?
i just started today but i really like just doing 20 cuts in the shower .
after i use a med patch for like 10 mins on it .
just want to know who you think has the best podcast for bitcoin and cryptocurrency in general ?
does anyone know exactly what unlocks the parody mode content in last recode ?
i just finished my 100 run of the series all four volumes read clear '' on the title screen all terminal disc contents are unlocked and parody mode is still missing about a third of its videos .
now when i say i got 100 in each volume i basically mean i completed the ryu books and did a few misc .
i do n't have 100 of keywords nor have i seen all of the wedding scenes in redemption though i have seen about 6 but all quests and all story content are complete .
i hope there 's something obvious i 'm overlooking !
i 've always heard you can sanitize certain things with heat because the heat kills the bacteria why is it not the case in burns but yet we can also cauterize a wound ?
4k inputs but will likely be exporting a video every day or every other day so speed of export is important .
2500 was the intent but once drives went in it went over a little in the pcpartpicker .
i think that will be down by shopping sales during the black friday weekend sales .
post a draft of your potential build here specific parts please .
the 2 faster ssds will be meshed to maximize reading and writing speeds .
this will be where the editing will primarily happen .
other ssd is going to be mirroring the meshed pair as a backup .
the 4 hdds will be setup for raid 10 and be storage for completed projects or raw footage not yet being edited .
i found a program that i 'm really interested in .
it requires a bachelors degree in liberal arts no specification .
they also require 36 hours of credits in studio art and art history which can be fulfilled while enrolled in the program and a portfolio with 10 pieces of my best work .
the problem i have as an undergrad many moons ago completed maybe 1/3 of the required hours in studio art and art history .
i strongly considered majoring in visual art as an undergrad but ultimately convinced myself i could take some electives and pursue it outside of my formal education and professional life .
it 's one of my biggest regrets that i did n't go with my gut .
i never took the very basics like color theory and whatever else ?
i took still life a few figure drawing classes sculpting but no real instruction in painting .
any painting i did on my own always underwhelmed and frustrated me .
it is the medium at which i suck the hardest .
the lack of some of these basic skills and fundamental knowledge combined with my age 38 make me question how plausible this idea really is .
on the other hand i can do some other cool stuff i have experimented a lot with encaustics often using image transfers .
i like printing the preparation the ritual the freedom to experiment and riff off an image .
that probably would have been my focus as a major .
i have work and creative experience in screen-printing and graphic design much of it self-taught built upon basics learned on the job .
some of it is ok some is better than ok .
i can think of roughly 4 maybe 5 pieces i 'd consider submitting in my portfolio .
they are n't as strong as they could be .
i 'd like to feel more confident in those pieces .
i 'd also prefer to submit more recent work .
it 's kind of embarrassing writing this out and realizing where i 'm at vs where i want to go .
art has always been a part of my life beyond hobby or a casual pastime .
every time i‘ve had the opportunity to learn a new medium and i 've been fortunate to have a few even some that earned me a bit of money i 've embraced it and loved it and created freely and happily .
but also sporadically and if i 'm honest semi-manically .
not in a mental way but a cathartic it's-been-a-long-time kind of way .
i was n't disciplined or motivated enough to carve out a permanent space in my life to create consistently enough to improve and grow as much as i would like .
but i 'm not aiming to be an amazing artist as much as an amazing teacher .
what i 'd like is to be competent and confident in the techniques i 'd have to teach my potential students and create curriculums and lessons that will engage and inspire them .
how do i catch up enough to get to the point where i can create a portfolio i 'm proud to submit that will make me a real contender ?
i 'm assuming 99 of the applicants will have a ba in visual arts .
am i an asshole for even considering it when i have n't been consistently producing work all this time ?
should i sign up for some classes now and/or pursue an associates in studio art to get those hours in bulk up my portfolio and build my confidence ?
also is it totally weird that an undergrad degree in visual art is not a prerequisite to earning a masters in art education ?
if anyone has any suggestions or experience please share !
and i sincerely hope no one is taking any offense at my lack of experience or taking it to mean that i think anyone could do this .
i admire and envy all of you for finding a way to do what you love while contributing to society in two meaningful ways creating art and cultivating appreciation for application of the arts in schools and beyond .
if i could tl dr i would have written that and not all of this ... hope the length has n't put you off .
i have a random question about ep 9 of mam not sure if it 's possible to tell for certain but when brendan 's mother barb leaves the courthouse after he is found guilty and rushes out of the courthouse ... before she gets in the car it sounds like the car is getting kicked or something i thought possibly by her but then it sort of looked like she was flailing and almost fighting someone .
side note i did agree with the man asking the media people to back off of her right before she exits the courthouse and you hear a reporter say to a cameraman did you get that ? ''
when she was having a really emotional reaction was just disgusting to me .
clan recruitment zkbpv cq 1165 we are all star ph currently rank 8. https discord.gg/kvj5wbg .
if ever i dont get to reply feel free to contact the masters and admins of the channel .
we are looking for active players for the cq min cq of 55 weekly and 10m damage per cq .
is there anywhere i can download the original battlefront 2004 for mac paid or free ?
i 've looked but i ca n't find it anywhere .
using disney 's star wars to encourage gambling through loot crates has clearly resulted a lot of pushback but it is n't the sole cause of this disaster .
your methods of forcing microtransactions on everything you touch was the gasoline that led to this pr fire burning so intensely .
this is a chance to do a complete 180 and earn the respect of the gaming community .
transform ea into the only aaa publisher that provides a full game for 60 .
make yourselves better than all of your competitors by ending the practice of cutting content out of games to be either be sold separately or locked behind gambling .
just imagine instead of the gaming community coming together to spread awareness of your misdeeds to the mass media we could be praising you for being the only aaa company that promises to provide the full gaming experience without any tacked on fees or unnecessary gambling mechanics .
instead of attacking battlefront 2 for setting a new low in gaming we could be praising you for listening to our feedback and presenting a new high in gaming .
the immense good pr this would generate would lead to record high sales and allow you to label yourself as the company that ushered in a new golden age of gaming .
so i 'm basically moving down to melbourne from the outskirts of sydney with my family and have just received an early offer to continue bachelor of law/bachelor of business at hawthorn transferring from western sydney university which i was dying to leave !
i had put monash melbourne as my first choices so i was wondering what swinburne was like ?
obviously it 's not on par with monash melbourne ranking-wise but how is it overall ?
things like the campus social life/ease in making friends transport connections atmosphere/culture teaching facilities etc ... ?
i currently use just neutrogena clarifying shampoo but am switching to ultra swim .
kind of sucks that i have to shampoo everyday .
i end up getting a kind of dull frizzy hair effect .
should i just condition everyday and bring conditioner to the pool ?
are there any lotion/oil/conditioners you 've found handy for swimming ?
have n't played this game in a while but since when did the reserve map pool disappear on competitive ?
so i was walking around maz kanatas castle during the campaign and came across these two talking about a purple wookie http xboxdvr.com/gamer/liquid 20beans/video/39395922 with green eyes .
i know it is only out in japan tomorrow and i have to wait for someone to sub it buuuuut after that how do i watch it ?
me and my son are fanatics and do not have the patience to wait for it to come to netflix lol
this thread is a place to post any minor topics that do not quite deserve their own submission .
the daily post should be utilized for questions requests track id 's general discussion as well as being a place to have some casual banter with your fellow users .
or feel free to join our discord channel https discord.gg/skrillex for casual chat with other people
please keep the discussion civil and be sure to follow the subreddit rules at all times .
they are open to non majors and i 'm thinking of attending audio workstations .
i 'm pretty much down to talk about anything .
since people always ask these three things whenever i do these i 'll tackle a few faqs off the bat .
i 'm working overnight because our international team is on a holiday so i volunteered to cover the shift .
i volunteered because it 's slow and i get to work from home so it 's pretty low-key .
to take comfort and security away from spouses and children in the pursuit of our own happiness ?
really struggling with this one as i watch the heartbreak in my wife at grieving the loss of her husband and the children losing a male father .
https i.imgur.com/jxdpej4.png please post any unjerk questions and discussions in this thread !
a fresh thread is posted every other day but older posts can be found here https www.reddit.com/r/gamingcirclejerk/search ? q=unjerk+thread sort=new restrict_sr=on !
any unjerk threads outside of this thread will be removed .
live chat join our discord server for multiple chat rooms !
going to the game saturday and try to figure out what to wear since the weather is going to be cooler .
all my gator shirts have been cut up into something cut for summer but i am trying to figure out if i can wear a jacket in to the stadium and such .
just proud that i finally won a race after nearly 100 completed without one .
qualified 2nd on 1st lap leader took a really bad turn i passed on inside and never looked back .
i somehow only ended up with 484 points though ? ?
whatever i 'll take the win was starting to think it was never gon na happen lol .
so i 've got about 20 5 '' potlights throughout my 6 year old house .
they 're older deluces rated to 75w and are no longer available .
one of them has just started turning on and off intermittently .
this happened with a 13w cfl and a phillips led wattage unknown .
the problem no longer occurs with the thermal cutout https imgur.com/a/aurc5 removed from the circuit .
i 'm not wild about cutting the textured ceiling to replace the whole can with a new one that wo n't match the others in the room ... but nobody in town has ever heard of replacing just the thermal cutout device .
should i just go buy a similar can and scavenge the cutout from it ?
is it reasonably safe to join with marrettes inside a can ?
i 've developed a java tool for recovering hl7 interfaces from mirth installations hosting derby databases in my spare time .
my question is who is interested in this tool ?
the tool is lightweight 4mb supports a variety of systems java 7/8 windows xp sp3 mirth 2.00 and has over 80 hours of development/testing put into it .
my job uses my recovery tool all the time since we have many mirth systems that require data recovery .
it can backup channels code templates code template libraries import backups compress derby databases view the primary username reset the primary username/password to admin/admin has password protection an intuitive gui and text logging .
if i gather enough interest the next feature would be recovering a corrupt database .
now get unlimited data between 11 pm 6 am for just rs.99 with connect broadband !
call now 18001371234 to avail this limited edition offer.to know more http www.connectzone.in
long story short i screwed up at work and unfortunately for me it 's not only my line manager who knows but it directly involves the head of the department .
from now on i ca n't help but feel i 'm going to permanently be in her bad books '' for this .
need info on traveling to revelstoke for the first time ?
for new and experienced snowboarders with any questions at all about snowboarding including gear learning what to wear where to go what terminplogy is rad etc .
please ask questions in this thread and let the r/snowboarding community help out .
this is meant as a judgement-free and welcoming environment for noobs to ask any kind of question related to snowboarding no matter how dumb it may seem .
buyout is in pure keys prices in items are slighly higher .
feel free to add/write me or send me your offer
💌 add me in steam https steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198397437151 ☑️ send me your offer https steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new ? partner=437171423 token=4fwl76h7 case hardeneds katowice sticker/skins
💌 add me in steam https steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198397437151 ☑️ send me your offer https steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new ? partner=437171423 token=4fwl76h7 case hardeneds katowice sticker/skins
beyonce and kim kardashian attended the wedding held on a blocked street in new orleans .
the classic problem we faced was business v/s technology .
at one point while we needed to constantly add features and stay relevant our cto decided to implement an architecture change moving from a monolithic to micro-service architecture .
this was n't a business need but a geek geeking out .
our developers were locked into building better '' tech while we continued to lose business ... .
the bch v/s btc battle is exactly the same .
a bunch of geeks geeking out on tech while adoption slows ...
i know that after the wipe happened the acog had some zeroing issues that made it so you have to aim much lower than usual .
do n't feel like dropping 300 on a sight that might not work .
it 's the deal of the day on amazon uk .
only really need an entry level espresso machine at the moment .
maybe there could be a new area added that 's part of the skovos isles and while you 're there you could meet up with the amazon warmatron cassia .
it 'd certainly be a neat cameo from hots .
ca n't d/l win 10 iso https www.microsoft.com/en-in/software-download/windows10iso btw this is working https www.microsoft.com/en-us/software-download/windows10iso
if i finish normal nightfall and raid and collect my weekly milestones then do the prestige nightfall and raid do i get any gear that 's higher than my base power level ?
if i do how many times can i do the prestige nightfall/raid per week to claim this reward ?
for example if i complete the milestone for normal nightfall and raid and get to 297 with the luminous engrams that are rewarded from them then i do the prestige nightfall and raid what will the power level of the loot be ?
also vice versa if i complete the prestige raid/nightfall first then do the normal versions for the first time of the week do i get any gear that are higher than my base power level ?
i noticed this was linked to at ft http pointsyak.com/benefits/priority-pass-digital-now-available-chase-cardholders
i 'm a marketing intern in a fast-growing electrician company in denmark .
the company performs mobilization of ships for offshore wind companies .
they do much more than offshore wind but they have a wish to move abroad and perform their wind services in hull england and cuxhaven germany .
their customers are companies like siemens and mhi vestas .
how do i go about creating a marketing budget for the company and what should i focus on ?
should i place the money on display networks in the desired areas should i use the money on magazines or should the money be spent on fairs and exhibitions in the countries ?
is it even necessary for them to spend money on this type of marketing and should they instead hire key account managers ?
also i 've been tasked to find other possible markets to enter and how the organizational setup should be in these markets .
i have no marketing mentor to teach me and this is my first marketing job so all help is really appreciated .
hey guys so i literally have no idea where to start looking and i 'm after a few pointers .
i 'm looking at either moving permanently to canada or doing a stint working over there and traveling around the us included .
during high school i worked at a cafe washing dishes taking orders etc etc..out of school i went to university for 6 months while i was at uni i also worked in a nightclub/bar as a bouncer/glassie before i decided i hated it and just liked doing things with my hands .
i then trained as mechanic for a year decided i only like working on cars as a hobbie .
since then i 've been working in civil construction driving excavators and other heavy equipment so that 's really my major skill .
i spend a lot of my time hunting/fishing/diving/getting amongst adventures and activities .
i guess i 'm a bit of a jack of all trades master of none sorta guy .
not sure what kind of work i want to do when i 'm there just anything for a start would be good .
i 'm sort of thinking 6 months from now i want to be over there .
i 've got around 5k saved up but in another 6 months it could be closer to 10,000nzd
can you send cvs off to people even if i 'm still here in new zealand and organise interviews ?
is it better to go over there with a job lined up or do i just try find one when i 'm over there ?
will i find inner happiness from moving country 's ?
if you 've stayed this long thanks for reading over my terrible english skills guess i shoulda paid attention better in class haha .
so this might be familiar for everyone that has played 7 day to die .
you place your blocks in this case twig structures and upgrade it .
but once you 're at stone why ca n't we just keep hitting it with a hammer to up the walls hp ?
once it 's at a certain hp you need to use metal then hq and so on .
make it so the honey strenght of the honey comb double the hp is possible to get on a single wall with the same amount of ressources .
i know lots of us have trouble getting our girlfriends or wives to cuckold us .
you girlfriend/wife used to dress up sexy and flirt with guys but as soon as you told her you want her to be a hotwife she suddenly becomes so faithful and you 're the only one she loves .
this may be an unpopular opinion but it works .
the main reason it does n't work in most relationships is because of the talk '' .
you ca n't just sit down be honest and tell her that you want her to fuck other men .
she wo n't do it if you do this .
most women indeed get turned on when they think about fucking other men .
and if you go sit down and talk to her about it '' chances are that she 'll no longer want to do it even if she wanted to do it before you told her because it 's no more a game of excitement .
when she asks you if she looks good in a particular sexy hot outfit say she looks great in it .
next time she asks you act uncomfortable and do n't agree with her as much as you did in the past .
this will make her want to dress up that way even more .
same thing when she goes out with her friends at night .
first act like you like it then act uncomfortable .
then act horny when she tells you she gets hit on and stuff .
tell her you are proud that other men desire her and that you 're proud of her because she 's a hot woman .
you 'll know when she starts to think that you 're a cuckold .
when that time comes that is the right time to say .
casually tell her better during sex that you 're not a cuckold but that you just like to see her desired by other men etc .
she 'll try to do stuff like making you cum fast dominating you making you jealous and she will try to convince you that you 're a cuckold from then onwards .
then you just act hornier and hornier whenever she tries these .
anyone who has done these can pm me if you want to discuss it further .
are categories a good thing to aim for on rerolls when their so limited e.g .
and do lrs take priority over good starting teams ?
ive got a few reroll accounts and not sure which are best ...
im guessing the second one for rarity reasons but theres not really a 'team ' in that except rainbow ?
i 've been playing ranked for two seasons now and i 'm gold 4 adc main .
season 8 i have decided i am going to climb my goal is high plat perhaps even diamond .
since i work full time i will have time for 2 ranked games a night on average and more on the weekends i was wondering if anyone could share their experience climbing with limited time and also comment on my schedule could it be improved ?
warm up on training tool last hit check mini map last hit etc
sometimes play an aram to warm up depending on time
fill out my game review spreadsheet you can view here https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1g4akgzdct4tprkeeevoh0tleypus_cg87f0fkfm3_f0/edit ? usp=sharing edit going to make it more simple thanks for the feedback
if i have time i will repeat ... 2 games 1 replay etc .
i 've sent a message off to magic solutions but was wondering if anyone had any recommendations .
hello trying to check out the new emerald ... .
i 'm going to the friends tab and picking out a random friend to see the online/offline status of everyone i have one friend online and 60 offline ... what 's happening to the other 65 ?
why is n't online offline adding up ? ... ... ... ..
its the same as the current poision damage over time effects only its physical damage .
so if a debuff that did x amount of bleed damage over 10 seconds was applied and another hero reduced the targets armour the remaining tics would do more damage .
i was thinking of a way to improve pangoliers passive and came up with this .
edit maybe bleed is the wrong name for it but whatever
edit i meant to saw brawlers vest you dont need to build the whole thornmail for the benefit
i recently hit 70 on all combat classes so i took some extra time to look over logs and discuss class balance with some local friends .
i am curious to hear others thoughts on what tweaks people want and how they feel about the current state of things .
the well-known double ranged meta has been going strong for quite some time now with the only swap being drk to pld once storm blood hit and war had some tweaks to bring in more support .
after the smn changes its been getting into more comps but its highlighted the poor place the other casters are currently in even more starkly .
to get things started i am just going to throw out some thoughts on the current class balance as i am interested to hear from others on how they think things stack up
pld paladin is in an amazing place right now .
great utility damage put it at the head of the pack for tanks right now as almost every group runs one .
i feel its damage is a little high given how much it brings to every party but it 's not beating the other by so much that it necessarily needs a nerf and more that drk should be buffed to be ahead of it damage wise
war after the shake it off changes and removal of stance swapping penalty war is in a great place as well .
it brings less utility but higher personal dps and still contributes to the group enough to never be a bad choice .
war seems fine where it is but should keep its spot though any balance changes as top dps tank given the lack of utility
drk while proven viable by its world first clear in ultimate i still feel drk needs help .
it has some decent utility with tbn but being the lowest damage tank hurts it a lot when i feel it should be doing more than pld and could potentially use some more or buffed mitigation .
leveling drk was painful at times and i felt like they needed either buffs to their existing mitigation or another cool down .
shadow wall is my go to example of drk getting shafted as its competitors are plds sentinel which is just 10 stronger and wars vengeance which has a shorter cool down and additional effect .
more thoughts near the end for ways to help it out
whm white mage is in a great place as the progression healer .
it has very strong mp management aoe healing throughput and personal dps .
while not contributing as much to raid damage the healing throughput and recovery potential give white mage a seat in all but the speed kill compositions .
i personally think lilies are boring and could use a tweak but the class is in a great place and does its job very well .
sch with the mp and aoe healing issues mitigated via patches scholar is in a strong place as well .
good shields and ogcd healing along with raid damage utility mean that it 's not hard to find a group and it 's a common and popular healer to run in any content .
the only changes that would be nice to see would be quality of life or tweaks to selene to make it more viable in standard content aside from the fey wind opener where its swapped for eos just before the pull .
the silence on the fairy never comes up and something else in its place would be cool but scholar is fine as is
ast astro still holds the spot for highest raid damage contribution via the cards but has fallen out of favor a bit in storm blood .
it still holds to spot of being the most mobile healer with some very strong aoe healing tools but it struggles a little with throughput in inexperienced hands .
overall ast is still in every top speekill comp and can get into parties without too much trouble so balance seems fine .
nin the king of party utility nin has been a shoe in forever .
the combination of trick attack shadewalker and smokescreen come together to make it the most highly sought-after melee in any party .
while their damage is not crazy they have been at the top of demand for too long and i feel they should be dropped down a bit to bring it more in line with the others .
i am not sure how exactly it should be done but ever since it was introduced its been a lock so mixing thing up would be nice
drg the second melee slot locked in by the current meta drg brings some strong party utility with battle litany dragon sight and the meta defining disembowel .
i feel that disembowel is too much of a boost to ranged and needs to be tweaked in some way .
to compensate some additional damage may be in order but the damage difference for having a dragoon is something on the order of 400 for each ranged which lead as to the current meta .
it 's a current lock given how strong the synergy is but may need some tweaks if disembowel is taken off to shake things up
mnk with the promise of new party damage utility monk hoped to get a spot in current parties but i feel its stumbled a bit .
mantra has been key in some of the world first races but brotherhood has failed to impress from what i have seen .
monk could use some help with either potency or enhanced utility as it 's in an awkward position right now .
one of the big issues is a lack of threat dump leading to aggro issues when a good monk is present .
if the double ranged meta is broken up it may be slightly better off but every monk i have talked with has been unhappy with its current state .
sam the greedy melee dps sam was top of the charts for quite some time but has recently been knocked off its perch by smn in recent months .
sam suffers the same threat issues as monk and while it can put up impressive numbers it 's still a net loss to lose out on the utility others could bring .
greedy dps is in a bad place right now so sam could use some help .
i am not sure what the exact fix is the greedy dps role is not worth it in the current tier and that causes issues at least it gets the physical only party buffs which helps it vs blm .
they bring arguably the best utility in the game currently with a combination of foes battle voice constant crit buffs minne and troubadour while also contributing good damage if a dragoon is present for disembowel and bringing refresh and palisade .
given the full mobility and damage potential i feel bard is too strong right now i would like to see disembowel tweaked to either be a lower contribution or available in more places as the huge increase has locked in the double ranged meta .
machinist after some quality of life and potency buffs machinist is in a decent place .
hypercharge brings decent party damage while dismantle being on a short cooldown gives reasonable party mitigation on top of the role skills .
machinist is not a bad pick but brd is more popular is it brings more party damage even if it does less damage itself .
if a disembowel tweak comes it may need some tweaks to keep it competitive as it does not have as many diehard players after a rocky start and poor leveling experience
smn after the big rework smn is in a pretty good place .
it 's being brought into more parties and from the sound of it the total damage it provides is on par with a machinist with a dragoon it is just focused into the caster more as it now sits strongly at the top of the dps chart in almost every fight .
smn brings raise capability a damage buff in devotion and high mobility and dps which make it a more common inclusion since the re balance .
the biggest problem with smn is how it shows more starkly how poor the other casters are doing in comparison
rdm red mage was a popular pick right when storm blood launched .
it brings consistent mobile dps party damage buffs and the ability to chain raise during progression .
from what i have seen there has been a sharp fall off of people playing rdm though as it seems to be good for early progression practice but is not able to contribute enough dps alone or with utility in its current state to make it a consistent pick .
i feel like it 's too heavily front loaded but could use some additional damage at cap to help it compete with the current ranged classes the personal numbers do n't look awful at the bottom until you realize that the brd next to it is also contributing a lot more raid dps with similar numbers and better utility
blm black mage has been getting more attention recently as its poor position has been highlighted by its unviability in ultimate and the caster discussion coming up more due to smns current spot .
greedy dps are in a poor position right now with blm getting shafted harder than normal as it misses some raid buffs and require more party workaround to maximize its dps than others .
the penalty for movement is massive if unplanned and complete lack of utility has made blm very undesirable for a while now .
blm needs help but i feel that a direct potency buff will not solve all its issues unless they are so large as to be a problem themselves .
at the end of the day the balance is close enough that all classes can clear the content sans blm and ultimate given how the fight requires so much movement but i still feel tweaks could help .
the big thing that i want address is giving more of a reason to bring casters or drk to that end i would be interested in seeing a magic vuln similar to the slashing be added to casters and drk to incentive bringing them along .
potencies can be adjusted to prevent double caster being a lock but i would like to see things mixed up a bit .
tldr drk could use some help healers are good nerf nin rework disembowel think about greedy dps and help casters find a more consistent slot
that 's my current take on things but i am curious to hear what others think as i have had a more limited view of things chatting with a few friends and doing the weekly o4s kills these last few weeks
cans someone give me a full list of those sbcs last year in fut 17 which guaranteed special item totw totgs totks etc. ?
since my vga port broke i have been using a hdmi cable to see movies amd stuff on my 1920x1680 tv .
next step will be to play this beatiful game with it .
so i want to know if theres something i should know before hand ?
this is the best tl dr i could make original https www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2017/11/17/asia-pacific/north-korean-soldier-stable-riddled-parasites .wg60z3lrzmg reduced by 72 .
a north korean soldier shot multiple times while defecting to the south is in a stable condition but riddled with parasites that could complicate his chances of survival his doctor said thursday .
the soldier dashed across the border at the panmunjom truce village on monday as former comrades from the north opened fire on him hitting him at least four times .
south korean officials have said that troops from the north fired at least 40 rounds .
north korean sentry guards at panmunjom are all carefully screened and vetted before being deployed there .
dozens of north korean soldiers have fled to the south through the heavily-fortified border over the decades since the peninsula was divided including two soldiers who crossed the frontier in june .
more than 30,000 north korean civilians have also fled their homeland since the two nations came into being in 1948 but it is rare for them to cross the closely guarded border .
summary source http smmry.com/https www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2017/11/17/asia-pacific/north-korean-soldier-stable-riddled-parasites .wg60z3lrzmg faq http autotldr.io 243724 summaries so far . ''
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords soldier 1 north 2 south 3 korean 4 border 5
post found in r/worldnews http np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/7djwt2/north_korean_soldier_stable_but_riddled_with r/autonewspaper http np.reddit.com/r/autonewspaper/comments/7diylv/world_north_korean_soldier_stable_but_riddled and r/tjtauto http np.reddit.com/r/tjtauto/comments/7dirvx/world_north_korean_soldier_stable_but_riddled .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic .
please do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
for the love of god reduce the volume of trees falling over !
you can hear a fallen tree from several hundred feet away .
the problem with farming wood is n't that we were getting bored while doing so .
the problem is that we do n't get enough wood per tree .
you have to go and hit like 10-12 trees to supply your base for a while and it goes quick because a lot of things require wood .
my solution is making tree farming similar to node farming in that better tiered tools gather more overall resources .
metal and salvaged picks get 1000 stone for node .
we should also get 1000 wood from one tree with metal hatchets as well .
i do n't necessarily like the new mini-game for trees .
i think i liked the fact that i could run up to a tree and farm it with one hand without much effort .
although we can now farm it faster it takes much more random effort .
trees that are on a slope make the x placements whacky .
one could be a foot above your head and the next one is clipping through the ground and you ca n't even hit it .
i saw a post earlier saying some color blind players ca n't see the x 's .
and honestly before the iteration of the mini-game i did n't know how a tree mini-game would have worked .
i definitely did n't imagine it to be the same as nodes where you have hit a magic spot .
i do n't know maybe i 'm wrong but i do n't even think that trees need a mini game .
just give us more ways to harvest them chainsaw ?
feel free to agree/disagree with anything i 've said .
it 's kind of hard to describe but i can give examples .
i just watched boondock saints yes i know this sub hates it and i really enjoyed it even though it has a ton of issues .
i have seen all of tarantino stuff and things like the end of django just makes me so happy .
i want to have components doing just one thing without them knowing what is using them and for what .
for example if i want to game object to move i want to have separate script to move the object but i want to have another script to give the parameters where to move .
it could be player input ai or what ever .
idea is that you would n't have to hard code references to any specific scripts instead you would do the references from the inspector .
for example how would i write the example i gave you ?
update what do you think about this mixin philosophy '' ?
i was almost never able to sleep until i found out about it a few months ago .
i just finished a bottle the other night and am back to no sleep .
so i finished i think the game where i picked a2 at the end and game started from the begining.now is this truly the end of story ? everything else should be almost the same if i continue playing it right ? im so confused and scared if i find some spoiler that says what happens next.also i see people saying that you can sacrifice your safe for other but i didnt see such option.i guess im missing more stuff ?
when i do a discharged psu turn on i can hear two distinct clicks .
yet motherboard backlight gpu power indicators appear to be working while pc is shut off .
we have tested my pc with rm750 and it booted no problem .
is the psu fried or just angry at me ?
so with the new visa changes earlier this year .
my occupancies web developer is on the stsol list awesome .
is there any path at all to continue to pr from this or have they completely blocked it apart marrying an australian citizen i do n't think my current girlfriend would appreciate that
ser herbert will try his new crossbow at the animals along the way .
i remember the financial aid office telling me that if i chose a non-acc apartment that i might potentially get lower financial aid .
has anyone switched from acc to non acc or is living in a non-acc apartment that has insight on whether if i switch from acc to non-acc my financial aid will cover all of the rent ?
i did a quick search for geology '' and spatial '' but could n't find this being discussed .
my background in data science is mainly from financial crime so moving into geology based problems is proving to be a challenge a good one
if you have many layers of information for a given area say 100 square miles you can create many data points by outputting an observation for every 250m or so in a grid fashion likely using arcgis or similar .
my question relates to this how to split this data into a train/test set ?
if you do it randomly it 's likely that two points next to each other are virtually the same apart from minute differences so train data will leak into test but if you split by area it 's likely that certain features will never get seen what if that forest is entirely in the test set for example .
i guess you could split the area up into larger chunks and randomly sample these so on the whole points next to each other stay in train or test and do not leak .
i 've been queing comp 1 w 2 l and am running into a problem .
with all maps selected i 'm getting a 30 min wait time which is absolutely ruining the game for me .
i 've set my game settings to no ping restriction and all that .
i think you can just for the fact that your opponent can choose to never give it back to you .
it comes to a really strategic choice to use it or to wait for your opponent which is really cool
so it 's either been a while since you 've done laundry or nothing fits since you were discharged ...
the commands input and get also behave this way .
a more modern way of subtract would probably have functions for these instead of commands so then you 'd write a input '' or some such but that is n't the way basic works at least not on commodores .
i do wonder if i could accomplish something like that ... perhaps another intermediary format .
that or figure out how to get git to play nice with binary diffs .
mislim kuzim kaj pricas nisam bas previse zagrijan za to grupiranje i klasificiranje politickih ideja u krute kategorije ali zatucani pojedinac koji se protivi dolasku imigranata dok je simultano svojim stavovima kompatibilan vecini ideja za koje znamo da imigrantima priskrbljuju status zatucanih da to je skoro pa lajtmotiv današnje politicke slike .
enormna kolicina pricamo o preko 80 cigana pritom ne tezi normalnom zivotu nego preferiraju alkohol parazitiranje nasilje krađu i brakove unutar krvnog srodstva .
svi ti elementi ih zatim i zadržavaju u istom tom začaranom krugu nemoći i neimaštine to veze nema s potencijalnom ksenofobijom u hrvatskom društvu .
bojim se hrvata koji glasaju za hdz ili sdp ili ne glasaju uopće što je kao da su i glasali za hdz ili sdp ali jebiga .
šta da radim kad mi je narod dovoljno zadrt i glup sam po sebi .
vec si puno pomogla nastavi ici na posao i razgovarati s ljudima .
kada napravis najvise za sebe i svoju obitelj napravila si i najvise za drzavu .
i drugi oko nas su jednom davno bili zatucani i glupi uz puno rada i truda sve mozemo popraviti .
ja se bojim arapa jer mislim da je najveca vrijednost koju rh trenutno nudi svojim građanima apsolutna sigurnost dok šetaš ulicama .
bojim se da ako i to izgubimo kroz pokoji precizno plasiranih imigrantski geto više nećemo imati legitimne argumente za ponuditi mladima i pametnima kada im kažemo da ostanu i da se bore protiv mediokritetnosti korupcije nepotizma letargije i lijenosti .
al jebiga ljudima treba i pomoci ako su pomoci žedni kompleksna situacija .
is 100 worth you switching hdmi cable everytime you want hdr content ?
is 100 worth having volume/power on buttons integrated into headset ?
personally i cant justify buying v2 as i own v1 and hdmi switching is annoying but takes like 10seconds and there are few games that support it .
i agree with what you said about there being a big split for good people going to heaven regardless of religion but i also think a lot of churches preach about the fiery pits of hell for nonbelievers too .
i was raised seventh day adventist and that 's what they would say in church .
i always assumed people try to convert others to save them from hell and for brownie points in heaven .
i could see how this idea would n't hold from your perspective where good people go to heaven regardless .
i could see how people would feel a loving presence with faith depending on which christian sect but i have to disagree with the great understanding part .
i do n't think god did it is a reasonable enough explanation for the stuff we know today through science .
i was even taught in seventh-day adventist school that evolution was n't real jesus drank grape juice instead of wine because fermentation did n't work back then and how there were giants and cars before the flood .
i do n't think any of that is reasonable and should be taught to anyone .
so basically it 's a love story between the rock and his gorilla friend geooorrrge .
honestly with this sub the answer is definitely a yes .
of all the great baseball frames in peanuts how did you settle on this one ?
as another huge fan of tattoos baseball and schulz i think this is awesome and now i 'm super inspired by you .
i 'm thinking about getting one https static.comicvine.com/uploads/scale_large/6/67663/3936968-01.jpg of http www.socialclymer.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/screen-shot-2015-03-06-at-8.38.15-pm.png these http clipartandscrap.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/charlie-brown-baseball-cartoons-clipart-free-clip-art-images.jpg .
this team is good for very hard content without damage race but you are right you 're not dealing much damage .
first of all as powerful as it sounds using wilhelm and illunichol is n't a great idea as it takes 2 slots for tanking .
i suggest wilhelm alone for st heavy fights illunichol with an evade build unit if you can afford it or simply an aoe tank voe/wol .
but if your only source of damage is a friend a2 then i guess that 's the best you can do .
they are powerful chaining units that are not 5 bases .
i do n't think he gives a fuck tbh lol .
i lost my best friend because her girlfriend liked me .
the photo is pretty damning kevlar vest or not a few inches of air or not .
true ... the only thing i noticed was a crosshair which is really lame if thats all they wanted to show off
how would fgm help you determine whether someone has had sex ?
yeah that does sound hurtful but women probably only want the guys they like to ask them out .
the initial save is usually intelligence to start the effect and then the creature has to make the following checks on their own normally making them sacrifice their action such as with phantasmal force .
the important thing i think is to give disadvantage to all of their saves regardless of type because then you are making sure the spell messes up their ability to fight for at least one round .
theory summer rose is the summer maiden and held ruby in her thoughts at the time of her death thereby passing on her maidenhood to her daughter .
red like roses part ii mentions summer 's sacrifice and hope that ruby does n't do what she did ruby is left to fight summer 's battle .
in necessary sacrifice oscar muses to ozpin that ruby must have been one of the greatest huntresses '' at beacon .
students at beacon were in training to become huntresses and ruby was nowhere near a full-fledged huntress at the time of beacon 's destruction .
given the recent theme of reincarnation and the passing on of attributes via aura—to which the maiden powers are intrinsically linked it 's plausible that ruby carries part of her mother within her soul which is to what oscar having some of ozpin 's knowledge was referring .
in end of the beginning ruby 's silver eyes unleash a power so strong as to freeze a giant grimm dragon and take cinder 's left eye this is the summer maiden 's legendary power of destruction .
the left eye is also the eye from which cinder—the back of whose own hand had an evil-looking eye tattooed on it—stole amber 's maiden powers leaving a scar similar to the one left on her own face at the end of volume 3 .
silver eyes as well as maidenhood are perennial traits which are both presumably connected to aura—in fact eyes in general seem to be linked to aura and soul .
similar to how oscar 's aura is now intertwined with ozpin 's i believe ruby 's to be at least influenced by her mother 's .
if she is indeed the summer maiden it would elucidate salem 's desire to have ruby delivered to her alive as salem seeks all the maidens in order to possess the relics and the power held therein .
so ... you 're okay with ea kneecapping the arcade rewards and saying
yeah because i enjoy the multiplayer aspect of this game .
i can hop in to a game or two of arcade then hop into a game or two of multiplayer .
i really do n't see myself grinding arcade mode too much .
i understand some others might find the arcade more enjoyable to collect upgrades but it does n't bother me .
nice to see someone made nack the weasel the same way that i did !
well she 's demonstrated to be able to take direction well from the administration .
it 's actually less crazy to see mocha uson run as a senator than some hapless comedian blowhard like sotto .
feel free to show me where ea said they will be bringing back p2w
while that sounds interesting i 'm having enough trouble following the material design specs as is .
the appcompat design components often feel half-baked take for example the bottom navigation .
you have to do the icon and text coloring for the selected item yourself .
while that 's perhaps okay i ca n't find any information on how to get the ripple effect displayed in the guidelines with a background color set on the bottom navigation .
would be nice if they implemented things in the support library before putting them in the specs and not only implement them in their private closed-source apps .
i have a feeling that flutter wo n't make that easier by adding a layer of abstraction unless it 's components are already perfect from the start .
just had a huge fight with the oldies on a saturday night around 7pm told them i was leaving to go out to a party and my mates were here to pick me up and i stormed out .
there was nobody there waiting to pick me up but they were on their way .
my mates were taking their sweet-ass time so i decided to hang out in my garage but got bored and went out into the front yard .
while waiting i heard my parents leaving the house shit .
so i decided to hide behind some bins because i could n't get back to the garage without them hearing/seeing .
so i 'm hiding behind these bins my parents get in their car and turn on their headlights .
in the dark i was ok but they spotted me hiding behind the bins .
the look on my dad 's face haunts me to this day .
so that what it looks like i had all the pieces but never knew what set it was
tesla is on its way to being bankrupt at this rate .
your species is going to go extinct long before that happens .
dm me your ip address and i 'll cross check with the blacklist
it 's definitely doable but fair play if you wan na give up .
might be an idea to wear all the charisma increasing clothes you can while doing it maybe ?
not really all that obvious though i did first try it without and it was weird .
kick the bum out to live independently on his own .
i 'd rather go with a different color for the wheels if i was to nitpick anything but this is extremely tasteful .
try running just one lighthouse at a time and see if one is causing the problem or if both have issues .
make sure you set the lighthouse to a '' mode for the one that is on/running .
the lack of updates towards a minority group wo n't do shit .
vorrebbe vedere lo spettacolo in cui racconta che cazzo gli è venuto in mente di fare e perché .
this is a really dull comment in the context of this chain of comments .
you can play zelda breath of the wild on pc p
is the red headed girl with twin buns nezha btw ?
seeing the reaction on r/movies i 'm now even more puzzled as to why the rt and meta score is what it is .
it seems the majority of reaction is a 6/10 which is what most of us expected .
i never thought battery swapping made sense in private vehicles but in commercial vehicles it seems to make a lot of sense to me .
that becomes one less thing they have to worry about long term effects on .
then partner with someone like love 's https www.loves.com/en/location-and-fuel-price-search to put in a swap station at each of their locations .
cover as much of the property as possible with solar panels and good to go .
human beings working for an unfeeling machine are n't human beings .
yeah so basically they concluded that white male british 20ish year old uni students follow this trend .
if they acknowledged this and includes it as a fundamental part of their conclusion i would n't have a problem .
if you 're talking about the entire league population there are a lot more things you need to control for and 60 odd people is nowhere near what you need to make confounding variables lost in noise .
the genesis version of this car look really good and interior looks amazing
i do n't remember any of these skin on the shop is this the first time this skin appears in game ?
i 'd take it out of her cage for now .
i 'd break off a bud or two in front of her and offer it from outside the cage .
not saying that tswift is bad but we have had horrid songs sell so well like soulja boy and bubble butt .
i think it looks pretty odd because of the proportions which the tesla shares a bit of .
in my opinion it 's because of the pickup bed if it were set up as a tow rig like this http media.automanager.com/wmphotos/010796/00673b6bb960104f9b9b4e451132c6b3/90b72c3125_640.jpg it would look far better .
it 's much better to be a shaq than an antoine walker .
i used to love seeing him busk in the mall that seemed like a golden era of busking i do n't see nearly as many interesting acts these days .
this is basically how other games go free to play for a weekend to gain a larger player base .
only you know you do n't have to buy the game first to experience it .
they 'll turn them back on once people get a taste and have already bought the game .
tyron has lead them to as of right now a playoff spot .
when you trade away the only offensive players worth a shit outside of shady and clay you ca n't expect your qb to excel .
the bills have traded away almost all their talent for diminished returns and somehow it 's tyrods fault .
tyrod might not be the qb of the future but he is by far their best qb available
the auction shattered its presale estimate breaking the previous world record for a modern f1 car auction .
the winning bidder manage to get the schumi 's f2001 which won that year 's monaco gp .
i mean he could be an aidan or a chadwick .
i feel like i 've seen it but maybe not
oh man my love is absolutely fanatical about plans .
once in a while i can see the muscles in his jaw tense and this like wild twinkle in his eye and his voice goes up an octave and i know ... one too many restroom stops/walk abouts trips to the same store in one day .
i had thought of him but he would n't have any abilities
pope francis has called abortion a horrendous crime '' and a grave sin .
it is to throw someone out in order to save another .
people seem to be tying themselves in a knot about the pope calling climate change deniers perverse '' which hardly is the strongest denunciation but i think it is a fairly apt description
perverse of a person or their actions showing a deliberate and obstinate desire to behave in a way that is unreasonable or unacceptable often in spite of the consequences .
raccoons are good for one thing taking a 22 between the eyes .
on the bright side he 's definitely unranked to match now so your chances just got better
obviously you ca n't win with your scorers shooting like that but twice with big leads the whistle came out with abandon .
listen i save my old grocery bags for 4 things .
to deep condition my hair for trash to flour my chicken and to pour my old frying grease in .
i have been trying really hard to get into a bad sport lobby but have not been able to .
cavill somehow against all odds sold the fuck outta that big fan of justice '' line .
i 've seen many welding tables in my day .
this one is beautifully hand made with real pride and workmanship .
dammit i just love good hard work so much !
i expect to like heel ciampa more than i like gargano .
we ignore you because you do n't take positions based on facts you take them according to whatever flatters you most at the time
in all of the comments you inexplicably screenshooted uploaded to imgr and linked here where do i have my facts wrong with anything ?
the first was a legal case in which kesha had no concrete evidence proving her allegations .
in the second a playboy playmate was making unprovable accusations from 20 years ago .
in the third you have what could be argued as attempted murder .
i ca n't wait until the cops find the guy that got stabbed so we can hear his side of the story .
you claim i 'm siding against '' sexual assault victims .
it 's not that i 'm siding against them .
i 'm simply siding with what the evidence shows .
if some random playmate makes an accusation against someone from 20 years ago why should i believe them absent any evidence ?
i 've been a big supporter of him through this but this seemed not genuine .
hangman cant initially but you can really see difference in how different wrestlers have come into the business .
cody has done hardcore matches and i 'm sure he 's seen death matches but listening to the matt talk about tacs in his balls is just over the line for him .
also wtf thumbtacks in your testicles how do you not take those out immediately
i assumed she would just pin it on kai and the cult .
the thing is that trump appointed the current fcc .
their microtransactions are released in single file to hide their numbers .
you act like a referee went to prison for rigging nba games and a bunch others were implicated as well or something but that kinda shit does n't fly in good leagues .
some bad no-calls in favor of the celtics as well .
that stretch were he scored 8 points in a row was amazing .
the darkness around here eyes clears up slightly but clearly still visible .
thanks should be a big help to get through the rest of the day . ''
although i would still say that that could be a metaphor .
i 'm an exmo who is now atheist but i always found it interesting .
while i am slightly saddened that you wo n't be able to make it i will appreciate the chance to talk tosappheiros .
but why pray tell do you say i should n't trust her ?
i got it from someone else on here haha do n't remember where tho .
wo n't miss having my windows covered in an inch of ice during the winter .
yeah this subreddit is for all types of speedruns .
they might not be the majority of posts but you 'll see glitchless runs around here .
it was her penis she asked you to do it therefore you had consent !
we played tamu 2 years ago and lsu last year .
i ca n't recall the last time we played any of the 3 previously mentioned .
does anyone know if any of this connects to trump 's plan b '' for trump tv http www.washingtonexaminer.com/confirmed-by-trump-insider-trump-tv-is-plan-b-after-election/article/2601019 sorry about the source if he lost the election ?
if he was in talks to form a television network there would be some sort of paper trail that could link sinclair to trump other than the obvious bias .
would n't that be a major conflict of interest ?
also i remember on election night the campaign had 'trump tv ' stickers in the media camp like the ball was already rolling .
do n't act like the refs should get off scot-free after this one .
it has its flaws but its a classic for a reason at this point .
playing it for the first time is especially golden .
yea i agree on that one too these handles are westinghouse micarta !
here 's a link to the other thread if you want to see what people came up with .
1 usf in light green and yellow is something i never knew i wanted
2 usf is most definitely not as good as their record shows
many different economic theories and points of views currently exist some of which contradict one another .
if your impression is that the economy is n't a fully understood issue and hence subject to much debate and speculation you would be right .
economics fundamentally is n't a hard science as the main driver behind it are people .
human beings and their very nature determine how an economy functions on a moment by moment basis .
if you understand that it should be obvious that attempting to make predictions about it as you would in physics or chemistry is a futile endeavor .
that being said we certainly do know and understand some things about it and this type of knowledge is indeed vital to any political discussion as economics permeates every other political issue .
in fact the whole point of both communism and capitalism is to create as effective an economic system as possible .
a lot of emotional and moral pandering takes place in political dialogue which often leads us to forget that ultimately we 're trying to solve technical issues here .
technical issues in regards to the economy and our very lifes .
it 's easy to forget that the basic question of economics is this how can we as a society create manage and distribute the resources that nature offers and that we produce as sustainable and efficient as possible in a way that benefits everybody ?
this of course is quite a difficult question as it is deeply connected to the way people behave .
you ca n't simply tell people to do this or that .
we know that simplistic approaches like this do n't work because people have certain desires feelings preferences beliefs etc .
which cause them to act in ways that are n't easily predictable and not obviously rational .
therefore effective economic systems must offer incentives that reward or penalize behavior depending on whether it furthers or detracts from the basic goal of economics that i mentioned above .
in a nutshell this is why economics is such an important issue and why it 's crucial to solve '' it if that is possible .
all critique both against communism and capitalism deeply relates to economics .
that 's what i do n't like either it puts me in lobbies that i just get nothing but lag .
i 'm not saying you 're wrong but the ppe is there as back up for things like this .
he may have tested it and it could have been something that could n't have been seen .
why do n't we just ... not do that .
just keep that shit written down somewhere or on an excel spreadsheet .
xy are perfect for newcomers or returning players as a jumping on point .
i love your 300 hp suggestion im trying to learn him .
one misstep in a 1v1 and your dead honestly how many times do doomfists max out at 300 shield ?
horford is the closest one and easily gets it off the rim .
no one is around him on that play except iguodala
and a big 'fuck you ' to that bitch ass charles barkley .
they could do like raw data where you can teleport to go to unreachable spots but you can still walk and turn just fine when you want .
lol funny joke but now i think it might actually work better to replace ellen 's face .
the foreground guy would help complete the trapped '' look .
i think it 's equal parts a more positive edit and underdog syndrome upping his approval ratings .
yeah the issues that have plagued usf can be fixed in 8 days .
i mean i do agree refs were awful but they were like 1-11 in the 3rd and gave up 2 huge leads .
takes more than bad reffing to lose that game .
anyone else accidentally click the upvote button on the picture instead of the real one ?
that was an absolute horror which can be easily avoided with pipelines .
it 's oil people ... they come from the ground they leak at times they get cleaned up .
there are consequences to our comfortable heated homes and cars .
but we do our best to minimize such impact .
just a friendly reminder that that used to be a person
yes my dog is 9 now and been with me since she was a pup .
we are like two peas in a pod so i was a very concerned to not find her in the house and luckily then heard her feet tapping near the attic door .
i 'd say go with any other bank that follows regulations .
banks are supposed to reimburse any fraudulent charges provided you notify them in a timely manner .
i started clean because my dirty bits did n't work well and because of the advice .
now i have dirty jokes too and they did n't take much transition and they usually work great .
i assume it 's cuz i suck less at comedy now .
30 calls spread over 11.5 12 and 13 expiring next week
if patches and drouin are n't on the ice i wo n't feel so bad about the loss compared to having our whole team out there getting smoked .
i 'd like to believe you that his name really is carl but i ca n't read .
somebody downvoted you because you do n't like asians .
i got you back up to 1 because i respect your opinion .
not sure how it would n't work if it 's correct .
crimes where evidence is hard to get are the worst sort of crime .
because there are two great injustices in law an innocent person being punished and a guilty person profiting and getting away scot-free .
the fact that i 've seen so many posts saying good job gamers !
is terrifying and shows the stupidity amongst the gaming community .
if you think for a second that charges wo n't be back you 're insane .
to me it felt a lot like far cry it was one of the reasons i was n't crazy about it .
dizem que pintores fazem fila pra ver as obras inacabadas de da vinci pra ver seu método criativo talvez o brasil vire um point do turismo de engenheiros civis visitando obras inacabadas pra ver de perto os processos construtivos .
well there are a few unknown brands that are trusted like aspire and ijoy cells .
but if you have any questions about a battery you 're about to buy run by here first and you 'll get plenty of opinions
if there 's no threat how do the tank do it 's job ?
wait i thought the best girl in this show was n't even female ...
you 'll find mtx promos have become more op since you last logged on .
i did n't even know the fact that she 's a minority was even a question .
yes just a preview chill out there is always more .
williams at best will be doing garbage time carries .
we figured out after the ap experiment that ingram and kamara are all we need to keep the offense rolling .
williams was signed to replace daniel lasco who was primarily doing special teams work .
williams only gets work if ingram or kamara go down or again if the game is well in hand and we do n't want to risk the starters for meaningless football .
in terms of williams ' future well we shall see .
every year the saints would love to have some reserve back on the squad who can do some work but also help out on special teams but i would n't expect him to suddenly start getting carries in competitive games .
might be worth a stash though if you have roster room as 2018 is ingram 's last year of his current contract but he 's also extremely well liked and the saints have been burned on letting leadership go especially as we peer a brees-less future circa 2020 .
gon na get on that after my punisher binge watching .
all it needs is a mega that gives it some attack stats and an air flying and ground form .
i feel like i 've missed out on those chances many others had .
joey saltwater at thefau has been nothing short of glorious
brady hoke is such a legendary coach even his headset is famous u/brady_hokes_headset .
and that 's part of being in a relationship is n't it to be the sounding board and the one the other can come and talk to it was just a lot at the time because it was every day .
to be clear he never complained about me or our lives just about work to me .
during that time he often told me i was the only good thing in his life which is why i 'd chastise myself internally whenever i felt myself getting annoyed with his unhappiness .
someone needs to take this man at his word and challenge him
i have taken out the second and third row seats and then put stuff in .
damn nice i feel like this car is so ahead of its time and i can see myself driving if for a while .
i got mine from an older gentleman who bought it from another older gentleman so it 's definitely been taken care of and only has 120k miles on it .
looks like just some random lines in the sky kids . ''
it does n't even look like a dick it looks like a cartoon drawing of a dick .
if your children are familiar enough with cartoon dick drawings to recognize one in the sky that 's on you .
will there be a fix eventually for not being able to craft twine ?
or do i have to create a new character ?
that is been a running critisim too and f1 is in a steep ratings decline world wide too races had no over taking and the same guys kept winning and lewis hamilton is the only star f1 has .
crashes are again part of it and exciting and horrible but again presentation is still key the overall product looks great still with decent enough presenters .
and they only really went half heart with it .
jon pearce great but everything else is a huge misfire and just plain dull .
same problems dog f1 that dog robot wars really without draws f1 will continue to fall they need to make stars out of the other racers just like how wwe used to but wwe also has no stars or draw anymore to the product .
letting yourself get hit seems like a pretty fair way to die lol
bernie sanders is supposedly the most popular politician in the country and yet they have a republican governor up for election in 2018 .
hopefully sanders can use some of his popularity and get a democrat or a progressively minded independent elected governor .
some people ca n't afford lele or are n't willing to pay that much for 2 or 3 cards but they still want to build the best deck possible .
what 's wrong with them asking questions about specific decks and how to improve them without including lele ?
i feel like i 'm reading a news report out of otherland .
in stressful moments i 've had for the past year doing things i did n't want to do i 've used this line .
it helped that or the snarky undertone in the moment
her ideal was to become stronger for the sake of ichigo
but when it came time to showcase this she just stood there
i do n't remember the specific chapter but remember her saying if he was still hung up on her she would give up on him
sure he isolated himself for a bit but she still was there and if he did love her or they had this tremendous bond then it would have been showcased
i honestly argue that it would 've been for the better if they did n't get together at the end
this is coming from somebody that was so adamantly angry that he did not get with her mind you
their relationship compared to many other series in modern day is a rarity that they have such a tremendous bond that their dynamic place off of each other so damn well that it 's almost criminal for them not to be together that i personally now being almost 2 years later would preferred if they did n't get together at the end no one got together at the end but instead the other showcases that it is the relationship that will continue to move forward and leave it up to ambiguity on whether they do get together because that 's were bleach shines in its simplicity
well ea has exclusive rights to the franchise now so ...
feels pretty sad ... why does your daughter have to care about what game you play and in what state it 's released ... do you tell her how much you hate people who want qol changes ?
i would look for some help or change somethings really quick if my kids wrote something like this ...
by default your binary will dynamically link at least libc
even if you are n't using the libc crate ?
a silverfish lepisma saccharina is a small wingless insect in the order zygentoma formerly thysanura .
its common name derives from the animal 's silvery light grey color combined with the fish-like appearance of its movements while the scientific name l. saccharina indicates the silverfish 's diet consists of carbohydrates such as sugar or starches .
just because it is on the other side of a two yellow stripes of paint does n't mean it wo n't serve east liberty i live in bloomfield and occasionally go to wfs .
the point being wf 's location is n't a barrier .
in the last 60-odd years yes historically to some extent .
rust belt cities in particular have a need to infill considering pittsburgh had infrastructure and housing for 675k people and now only supports 305k .
you can also consider concepts of right-sizing new urbanism pedestrianism etc .
for concepts of how communities not simply housing should develop .
that would be an amazing buff but hey dont fix which isnt broken i guess
i ca n't imagine any of those punches '' are doing a damn thing .
can anyone tell me what part dice have in this ?
i do n't play the new swbf games or battlefield but i do n't want to antagonize a dev because they got bought out by a corporation .
had that damn job all the way through college too .
you take whatever money you can get at those ages though right ?
i feel bad for your kids and i hope that your toxic mentality does n't rub off on them .
i 'm curious why bed nets are so effective .
theoretically you 're only spending 1/3 of the day in bed .
in singapore the card works in taxis and in hong kong it works in restaurants and stores .
we have a card like that here ... ... it 's called visa .
yeah but the reason was because of the narrative around lebron and him leaving cleveland alongside voter fatigue .
it 's healthcare facilities that do n't have chairs beds or even blood pressure cuffs for fat patients staffed by doctors who can see past their own size bias it 's clothing stores ...
so aidy is designing clothing that will go up to size 24 .
what are the size 40 women supposed to wear ?
there really are n't a ton of overwatch characters just mercy torb reinhardt soldier winston tracer ana .
non-overwatch list is bigger doomfist pharah sombra bastion hanzo junkrat mei widowmaker d.va orisa roadhog zarya lucio symmetra zenyatta .
it 's a catchy game name but maybe they should have called it some people who might turn into new overwatch and also a few baddies
the only disagreement i have with you swiggy is that i think while the ethnic/religious mismatch is part of this it should be remembered that the op had to fight to go to college somewhere he would n't be living at home under his mother 's thumb and again when he got a job 1000 miles from home .
the ethnic/religious mismatch may be making it easier to recruit other family members to her side but the mother in this case would never have let her son grow up if she 'd had her preference and i think she 'd have found reasons to hate anyone her son dated .
i 'm just reporting her every time she posts this spam .
your submission from independent.co.uk has been automatically removed because it violates rule 4 use original reliable sources .
the website that you submitted independent.co.uk is not allowed for one or more of the following reasons
it frequently quotes other sources in its content or is known to engage in content theft .
this could be because it 's a news blog tabloid or is known to be overly slanted .
it 's an opinion or blog section of a regular news website or the site is known to post opinion articles as fact .
if you 'd like you can review the article and resubmit from a better source .
if your article 's source is linked in the article you can try submitting from the original source .
for more information on rule 4 click here. https www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/nto101 wiki_rule_4.3a__use_original.2c_reliable_sources .
for a complete list of domains that are not allowed click here https www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/autoremoval .
if you 're new to r/nottheonion you may want to check out nto101 an introduction to r/nottheonion https www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/nto101 for more information on our rules and answers to frequently asked questions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nottheonion if you have any questions or concerns .
at the risk of voicing an unpopular opinion i do n't think the university owes you anything more than the degree itself .
and in terms of what your paying for that 's all that really matters in the end a cs degree from a for now still respected area program .
there will always be that problem of elective/optional courses filling before you can get into them .
it was there decades ago it 'll be there decades from now .
it 's not even particular to the cs department .
if there are seats available to meet those ends and you simply choose not to go that route because its harder '' as much as it sucks this is on you .
real specialization happens at postgrad or really on the job .
strains 1652 305 on all 3 classes have cleared multiple times
if they all agreed to work for .50 an hour ?
and i would not want 50c/hour skill level people working a register for me .
i myself would slightly overpay anyone handling money for me .
i used millhouse in my 20-legendaries druid that had 40 winrate .
sadly now when idiots from blizzard decided to nerf innervate the deck is much worse like 25-30 winrate tops .
i have to like empty it out and turn it inside out every night so it 's dry to sleep in .
would a 'real ' sleeping bag have the same issue ?
i am probably going to upgrade at some point .
but boycotts are historically the single most effective method of delivering the message .
aromatica has some vegan products on peach and lily they 're labeled with a little sticker on the corner of the product image .
i have n't come across any other sites/brands that clearly show vegan status unfortunately .
well i see i did n't mention that my standard edition was a pre-order so i already got the rey and kylo skins/cards .
do you think it 's still worth it only for the infantry cards ?
they chopped out some of the coolest action shots too .
we could also grow plants we can eat on the same plot of land .
i just moved to a place where dsl is my only option it sucks our max is 12 up 2 down and i 'm lucky if i get that
i 've had my boy since april born in feb earlier this year .
he 's almost 9 months old now and my allergies seem to be on the same level they were at before we got him .
the only time i 've ever felt he was specifically causing the allergies for me was the first week we got him .
i could n't breathe and i was sneezing a lot and had a runny nose etc .
nowadays if i have allergies i 'm almost 100 certain it 's from coming into contact with something outdoors or just dust around the house .
built chemistry with all the new players on the side its back
they do n't even need those things lol just lebron is enough to roll through the east .
going to the doctor was one of the most affirming experiences .
they all were super nice i learned a lot and took it from theoretical and reading about it online to how hrt will actually apply to me .
also you are very much in control you can start when ever you want to .
you can with in reason ramp up doses or stay the same at the pace you want .
it 's really quote empowering to finally be in control of your own healthcare .
one caveat make sure you go to a doctor who specializes in transgender health if there is one in your area .
also the first visit is more of a get to know you meet and greet .
and as others said i highly recommend seeing a therapist as well .
transition is just as much if not more so a mental journey as it is a physical .
having the mental support and guide is pretty crucial .
basically your therapist and your doctor will be your support team .
kinda similar in a way but if you have n't seen leo satan on youtube you would probably enjoy it .
at work retail i said do you need anything else ma'am '' and the lady was all bitchy and said it 's miss .
haha you were asked to deliver on the 4 or 5 times it happened to you and you brought up something totally unrelated .
how many times were you dropped on your head as a baby ?
upvote this comment if this is a dank meme .
downvote this comment if this is a normie meme .
i was also worried they would n't like it .
it seems like they would n't but i 'm glad they saw how striking it is .
gold edition will be 70 at gamestop so the psn price is the same .
lonzo ballstrap is the hair apparent of that great laker guard ... jordan farmer
i 'm not sure why people are so shocked about this .
i work in a makeup store that is n't sephulta and i 've had children come in and destroy dozens of display eye shadows because the parents were n't watching them .
we write off testers from our stock to make samples and when they 're destroyed then we have to write off more product .
we 're fortune we probably only lose 200 when a batch of samples is destroyed but we 're only allowed to make so many testers or write things off before the manager has to write an email to corporate explaining situations like this so we do n't get investigated for internal theft from improper write offs .
objectively the germans fucked themselves and set up their own downfall .
i posted a similar picture https www.reddit.com/r/mildlypenis/comments/57xeuc/the_blue_angels_drew_this_in_the_sky_over on reddit in october 2016 of them drawing one in the sky over baltimore .
obviously if they mismanage it and run it into the ground that 's not going to happen not much sheen of buying an mlb team whose books are already in the dumpster .
but it only takes one billionaire to have a sale .
they are extremely self-confident people for good reason who probably believe they could turn around a horribly mismanaged team i.e .
sherman and jeter buying the money-leaking marlins for 1.2b .
all they need to do is find someone who think 's it 's worth more than that in a few years .
why yes why it is the only applicable question man
why were you friends with this person to begin with ?
pretty sure that 's not changing the amount of frames console for honor wo n't do 60 frames but would definitely increase frame stability i run at about 22 to 24 frames if lucky on first gen xbox 1 ... .
pro tip for console people use a pc monitor instead of tv you 'd be surprised of the improvement .
unfortunately your account does not have enough karma to submit things to r/videos at this time .
r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link and 10 comment karma .
we suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's a huge major red flag for suicide .
stop posting on her wall and go see her in person .
hey i live in the netherlands but close to the german border .
take a look at my own post dutchie looking for snacks and if you can help me out just send me a pm
i have big hands and a mouth i can handle all of them !
i had read your update and i had n't put two and two together until just now .
you 're a good mom and you 're doing the best thing for your kids !
it 's the same as it ever was people are just starting to realize that different basic trainings are actually good instead of circlejerking over espionage or primed or whatever the op '' perk of the week is
i never use porn and i do n't even usually need fantasy .
i can just focus on my sensations and such .
i am sort of lost on why people need to do more than focus on how it feels .
i always imagined people use fantasy and porn as a way to speed things up .
i will hurry through shit like cleaning the bathroom but i am taking my time when i am having fun whether that is alone or with someone else .
i 'll do some digging and see if i can find that one .
all of my maps are drawn by hand on anywhere from like ten this sietro map to twenty the larger amostine map sheets of paper first with pencils then with pigment liners .
then i scan them arrange them in paint and generally do all the coloring and details in gimp .
if you 've got any specific questions about the process i 'd be happy to share .
imo it 's a very easy method if you feel like you have the basic hand-drawing skills .
flying is very significant against affinity it should be noted .
my list also uses swords which the birds are by far the best carriers for .
also men clearly have no idea what makeup looks like so it 's not like other men would know that a man was wearing makeup .
only women would know and we 'll probably be cool about it .
push press 65 for regular 5x5 idk what my max is .
r5 playing as mushasha and after finally allying kebab so i could look into betraying qq and the otto 's declare war on mamluks
i joined that war because i was promised land the otto 's should have been able to beat them on their own .
unfortunately after sieging those four provinces they resigned to sitting in one province and suffering all of the attrition leaving me to deal with the 60k mamluk forces plus another 5-10k from vassals .
the only way to make them move was to attack a stack beside them .
have n't been able to try reloading as i was almost done playing but has anyone else encountered it and if so was it brought on by the patch or just the game in general because i remember in the past the ai not moving was a problem but no idea if they have successfully patched it .
i 'm definitely merging to get that extra speed and am going to try and beat the chain challenge for the speed squad ace seal since my soren is running the speed+3 seal .
fury 's also a good choice since he 's one of the few characters who really benefits from a boost to every stat which is the reason that convinced me to drop my ephraim summoner support .
but i 'm hoping i get my first hector on that legendary heroes banner because dc joshua would be really fun .
there 's no due process '' needed for everyone to decide that someone 's an asshole
what is needed to for everyone to decide someone is an asshole ?
it seems to me this is the same sort of justice '' that was meted out to dreyfus .
i love that you are like we 're gon na murder the shit out of those murderers that 'll teach em that murder is bad ! ''
some people lack any ability to be self aware .
you should be fine ordering online if you do n't mind staying up late wednesday night the sales should go live after midnight online .
homeschooled very few friends when i was a teen .
i really enjoyed carving and had a knack for carving pliers out of wooden blocks .
at 15 i got invited to a coworkers ' birthday party .
someone saw me with a knife and flipped and told the birthday girl who i kinda had a crush on and she privately pulled me aside like what are you doing ? !
i wish i could not because i do n't like the movie i do .
it just always reminds me that there 's never going to be a neuromancer movie and if there is there 's almost no way it will live up to the book .
i think every time a director or script writer gets the idea to make it they end up watching johnny mnemonic and realizing how impossible it is to put that world on screen .
it was a great effort but i just do n't think it can be done right .
nah the combat was way better than say horizon or witcher 3 or especially assassin 's creed .
come to think of it the combat was pretty fuckin good for an open world game .
now we have a chance to end the 'war '
i would not like to have met that bear before it exploded .
you drive a car and are forced to have insurance .
you own a home and are forced to have insurance .
stop playing this game that a health insurance mandate is any different .
data shows its had a remarkable positive effect on millions of americans .
furthermore lots of people do n't like paying insurance .
hell i do n't like paying my bills but i do them because i 'm a goddamn adult living in a society .
also forgoing healthcare insurance just means that i have to pay for you when you get hurt .
pm your home address so i can send you a bill since you do n't want to be a responsible adult .
you are making an argument of ignorance which is a logical fallacy .
there is no evidence to indicate in the hobbit the annotated hobbit or the history of the hobbit that this line was meant to have a greater meaning in the legendarium post-editing .
the home was composed by his son christopher tolkien who has included all the manuscripts of any significance to the legendarium .
the quest for erebor is taken for fact by tolkien and was meant to be included in the appendices but was left out because it took too much space .
if there was any indication or hint of your interpretation christopher would have included it .
knowing bilbo 's original personality he would have called most any type of adventure mad '' .
you are under the impression that gandalf coerced hobbits to go on adventures .
lotr expands on the tooks ' penchant for adventures in concerning hobbits which states that tooks often went on adventures of their own .
there is no indication of gandalf not having a hidden agenda because he does n't have one .
in order for your fan fiction to be real every character besides the hobbits would have to be lying .
please do not do 2 in a modern business setting .
i 've seen this advice before and can say as person who does hiring that it would come off as pushy and you might get stopped by hr anyway .
maybe if you 're going for something in sales it would make more sense but think carefully about your field before trying it .
must 've been one of the first since mine showed up super fast .
i️ found all the others to be quite tasty as well .
i️ hated it so much i️ could n't even finish my tank .
i 'll definitely be hitting them up again in the future for some more snowdrift !
because if feels safer if all firearms on the range are kept unloaded when they are not on the firing line because firearms can not have nds when they are not loaded or requirement from the insurance company because of safety '' .
because if the customer nds in the parking lot and not inside the range facility it 's not the range 's problem .
of course you can grieve your father no matter how horrible he was .
it is not his horribleness that you miss that is true but you are a human being with feelings so yes you can grieve .
it is the loss not of just what he was but of what he could have been ...
they also ddnt realize that momo is not a recurring character and after this arc she might not have anymore visibility .
if she is really going to loose her 1st serious shown battle the author might at least give her some flashbacks or at least some info about her character not just the great patisserie of totsuki .
the smart thing to do would be to wait for the pull back then sell bch to btc because bch will be higher when btc has a pull back .
correct i observed closely on bittrex both the btc gold and b2x swings and they were very telling of real motives .
most recently with b2x omg vtc neo lisk benefited the most vtc had the highest gain next to omg but it 's cap is also a lot smaller .
neo had the highest volume but omg was top 3 .
xmr was also up there ... basically this is the rawest form of evidence you can capture for true market interest .
no pnd manipulation no astroturfing just people wanting to get in on their best bets before they take off .
well i guess we 'll see when he eventually gets back from injury
had to re edit the video a few times to get it to upload .
in the beginning kangin seemed quite happy and fun loving in super junior those days are so long ago that most people probably only remember him post military service .
this interview https omonatheydidnt.livejournal.com/11178018.html original source no longer online it seems might give some people insight into what he was like at that time and also what impact his original scandal had on him it 's really quite a sad read .
none of this is said to excuse him but more to illustrate this destructive path he ended up on .
to me it seems like he has been on this spiral since the first dui .
his three years of reflecting did n't accomplish much elf forgave him but everyone else hated him .
he did n't make an positive inroads with the general public and now you only ever hear of him after another criminal act .
as a fan of sj and someone who believed he could turn himself around ...
he was so lucky his duis did n't hurt anyone but assaulting someone allegedly a his girlfriend ?
i do n't care what they do with him anymore .
but is it evil for her to want to be queen ?
the fear of a skynet type ai i think is a lot less realistic than just a retarded half-baked ai 's we shit out every day that end up with major real world consequences .
sam put it well in chine a.i https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=qof8eaxigoy t=11m51s
the framerate is too choppy and even then a constantly rotating image will likely cause it .
it 's really nice but i never get a chance to focus on it enough to appreciate anything
the point of my comment is that wham bam thank you ma'am weddings are n't the only thing you can do there .
most of the floors are rented out for wedding ceremonies too .
i did find it to be off putting lots of strangers and activity all around you both on official city hall business and tons of other people getting married .
it is not an intimate place for a ceremony .
i thought selling/buying mutual funds incurred front and back end fees .
but i just read that we should rebalance yearly .
why rebalance when you are trying to avoid fees ?
maybe index funds do n't have front and back end fees ?
it kind of defeats the whole lowest fees index funds thing .
i do n't have it in front of me now but the target funds did n't seem to be performing as well as the total index fund .
how did you exactly changed the default switch time to 5 minutes ?
well a good solution is definitely to not care about maintaining level 3 since the only benefit is the attention you want from others but no one gives a fuck anyways
seriously andy bernard is our ad and jim halpert is a strength and conditioning coach ...
i 'm not sure why you 're defending moore here but damning franken .
i will say one thing that you are n't taking into account is that this whole thing was played out in about three hours .
franken immediately releases an apologizing calling for an ethics investigation into his own sexual misconduct .
the women who accused him of sexual assault accepts his apology .
it 's so drastically different then moore 's situation .
he claimed that she should be heard and immediately apologized .
he was still very much in the wrong but the situation is still different .
also of note calls for moore 's resignation have been coming out over the course of several weeks .
the police chopper had this written on it uh-72a http en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurocopter_uh-72_lakota
call of duty i have been to the game for the last week of the week so i 'm bummed that they wo n't be able until the end fix the fucking servers
cbse ugc net arab culture and islamic studies paper-iii previous question papers answer keys http net-question.in/paper-iii/arab-culture-and-islamic-studies
absolute power does not corrupt absolutely absolute power attracts the corruptible .
good thing we implemented nationwide universal health care in 1966 40 years before my kids were born .
this would be great man i just ordered a l thinking a m would be too small .
usually wear my hoodies in m/l just depends how much they shrink up .
it does n't matter if you or me think his music is good people are naturally empathetic and it is a tragedy .
when my favourite band went on a permanent hiatus '' due to the lead singers schizophrania and drug issues it ruined my mood for days .
because i connected with him through his music and i felt his pain through that .
i think you 're just failing to see that perspective .
it 's about how much of it the very few who do decide to buy actually spend .
if 500,000 people decide not to buy it at all and 10 million do anyway apparently battlefront 1 moved somewhere between 12-14 million copies http www.ign.com/articles/2016/05/10/star-wars-battlefront-sales-top-14-million it only takes 3 million to make up the difference of the lost sales .
so 10 of the population would have to spend 30 bucks on microtransactions .
there are quite a few people who will spend orders of magnitude more than that we already know for example someone spent 15,000 on mass effect microtransactions .
it takes a staggeringly low amount of population buying microtransactions to outweigh giant losses in sales .
i 'd also agree that it 's neither but in my opinion portnoy can play circles around peart .
careful though because the second you mention sex there 's going to be an expectation of sex so if you decide later you do n't want to have sex you 're in for a bad time and the guy is at the very least probably disappointed .
i stopped mentioning sex on dates until i 'm like wanting to have sex right at that moment .
i think i posted about it not too long ago if you 're curious but one bad experience will sorta make you wary .
edited to add link https www.reddit.com/r/askmen/comments/7cy4gg/z/dpuf7w6 to the comment i mentioned before .
he has one of the highest passer ratings in prime time but this game feels special .
unfortunate being a titans fan and always being irrelevant .
sexual harrassment settlements by taxpayers and not congressmen isnt ...
yeah i 'd consider myself pretty average and i have a total average of almost exactly 300 and about 400-500 in war if i remember correct .
play the objective and you can hit 7k and 8k games pretty reliably if they play to the end objective .
my favorite is bombing the artillery at neptune at 500 a plant though they might have changed that with the neptune balance last patch
according to the manual having too many decks like that is bad both for ... app performance ?
ignore this it should n't be a major performance hit unless you have thousands of decks .
firstly you should download the free desktop version of anki https apps.ankiweb.net and set up an account to sync between that and ios .
use the desktop version when referring to this basic description/guide as the features will likely be more discoverable .
i have n't used the ios app but assume it 'll be similar to the desktop/android version and will sync everything across .
i can definitely help with any queries on the desktop version and the features should be almost identical in ios .
a basic description of anki a lot has been left out
when you click add '' in anki you are adding a note .
a note has a template which defines one or more cards and the formatting of those cards .
an example of a note with two cards would be basic and reversed '' .
it can have child decks which creates a tree https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tree graph_theory of decks .
cards within a deck are scheduled individually and are what you review .
when you review a deck anki selects new and review cards until either there are no more cards to review or until anki hits new/review card limits in the deck options .
having too many decks like that is bad for learning ?
having decks in a tree is bad for learning .
spaced repetition works best when the cards that you are seeing are randomly selected .
if you have a tree of decks then anki selects cards from each deck of the tree in turn and only moves on when the deck has nothing to show for the current day making card selection much less random this is n't the end of the world but due to this having a tree of decks should be avoided .
i 'm supposed to make trees and then put decks into those trees but i do n't really get what that means .
the structure that you 've described seems to be sensible i would n't change things if i were you .
review a small amount of cards at one time .
i 've got tens of cards in a deck that i need to review but instead of going through them all at once i 'd really like to do 5 at a time and once i get through all of them like that then put them into 1 big stack and review them like that .
yes but it 'll take a little bit of daily manual effort and uses a feature which is a tad more complicated filtered decks imo this probably is n't best in the first few days when you 're getting used to the program .
do ask if you think i 'm wrong or in a few days time !
the power of anki comes from the manner in which it schedules future reviews for you so that you do n't forget what 's been learned using the least amount of time .
taking a long-term view you 'll spend much less overall effort if you keep daily reviews fully completed rather than focusing on adding new cards .
set in the deck options for the deck that you 're studying to show you n new cards per day
set in anki options display new cards before reviews ''
if you want to study more new cards select the deck in the main deck screen and there 'll be an option to temporarily increase the new card limit .
after you 've finished the new cards they 'll be added into the pile of reviews for the next day .
just gon na be honest here as a guy who 's watched him before ...
he 's playing with arguably the best shooter and playmaker in the league and is 20 .
do n't expect him to be anymore then an ahl guy if not an echl'er if he does better however great for him .
i used to live there and the decorations were nice on lincoln ave .
thank you for your advice i will probably choose the 1600 and overclock it .
had to open the game thread just for that dunk .
underneath the cuddly family image disney is a fucking ruthless company .
someone wake korea up now and tell them about the coinbase custodial news lightning news .
i used to work on an offshore oil platform and they gave us little plastic cups for the espresso machine .
of course it would melt the bottom and make it bulbous unless you put milk in first .
i 've got a few more to go but i have to say unit b/black is really clear in terms of live vocals .
maybe its just the mic setup or the fact that its just a practise video that maybe the others are not belting it as hard but damn respect .
a company ripping our a whole system after the game kinda launched ?
it 's been on the ea 10 hour trial thing for a week now .
it should n't be trashed but revamped adding some nodes and giving us actual incentive to play .
i did not realize that this was a 1080p panel .
do n't give competitive advantages via loot crates just cosmetic stuff .
well it might not have happened yet but we can still try .
people can watch something and get different points of view .
but even if that was the intention then they handled that poorly as well .
all around it 's just a bad episode in my eyes even taking away any ulterior context the episode is constructed poorly .
okay so i definitely had some bitcoin at that date how do i get the bch ?
na'vi is the best thing that ever happened to dota
i assume nut up great paint scheme btw would want to come back next year so hopefully jgl has enough sponsorship to cover the other races .
this has nothing to do with drugs this is a mental health issue he was clearly depressed i loved him and now hes gone because no one realised how serious he was being
it was so evident from trailers how bad cgi looks in this film and i pointed that out but got downvoted to oblivion
ugh i really dont think i can afford to pull again .
i 'm sorry you lost that part of your humor its fun to return to once and a while .
personally i hate the edgy attention seekers that every suicide post seems to attract
im looking for 2 more players for the rusty modded servers to play with .
i do these runs for the people that need help learning the raid .
if you know how the raid works please do not join .
there 's no point in me being there if everyone knows what to do .
right now there are many people who have not been able to even attempt the raid .
note people with no completion in leviathan will be prioritized .
if you have one or more completions i will put you on reserve to give beginners a better chance .
i 'm not here to carry the fireteam i 'm here to guide it .
raids especially leviathan rely on the success and cooperation of every fireteam member .
this means you should be attentive to my explanations and you should ask questions about anything you do n't understand .
i also expect everyone to commit at least a few hours to the raid .
you can expect a leviathan sherpa raid to take on average 2-4 hours .
this means you should try to free up your schedule and eliminate any unnecessary distractions .
it 's also worth mentioning that raids are grindy '' by nature .
we will most likely fail many times at each checkpoint .
do n't join if you plan to ragequit after 2 attempts .
yelling and swearing at your teammates only accomplishes this https media1.tenor.com/images/eea98913646f02fe8a457a445aa56109/tenor.gif ? itemid=7486617 .
if you play sound out of a tv or speakers please take some time to make sure it does n't play too loud out of consideration for your fellow teammates .
no one likes to hear their own voice or have raid music constantly blasting through someone 's mic .
if you do not have an account you can make one here https discordapp.com .
if you meet the requirements and would like to join follow this link https discord.gg/urtdbr to my discord server .
there enter your battletag and any information you deem relevant in the sherpa-sign-up '' text chat .
if you would like to join with your friend s as a group please let me know in the textchat and write down the battletags of everyone .
clip of him announcing this https clips.twitch.tv/abstemiousobservanthippodoublerainbow ? tt_medium=clips_api tt_content=url
post says it will be finished this week and will drop december 1st at midnight .
album will feature nicki minaj ty dolla ign john mayer tommy lee and 21 savage .
r/cfb i made with the r/cfb game thread generator https gamethread.redditcfb.com
i just started playing recently and just got to the part where you meet the survivors .
he has n't received antizin aside from the vial he took from the first drop .
the game makes it seem like these seizures will affect you periodically but they seem to appear solely for the plot .
is there any explanation here or am i nitpicking ?
i 'm wondering how valve came to the conclusion with the new rank badges ...
it feels like they hired some random graphic designer from a wannabe l33t h4xx0r forum to do the designing .
please discuss what do you think about the new badges ?
for the past two days i have had issues with my pc whilst streaming .
my pc would just turn to black screen and i ca n't do anything .
i can still hear music and the sound from my game and i 'd also be able to alt+tab and see the instances i have running but whenever switching to a new instance my screen would just remain black .
a restart would normally get everything back to normal though .
i recently updated my windows via windows update unwillingly fall creators update it said .
but i do n't know if this means anything .
anyways this is an issue as i am a streamer and this should not be happening .
i really hope theres someone out there who can help me get to the bottom of this .
have a great night everyone thanks for taking your time to listen to my question .
it doesnt really serve any purpose other than pissing you off
i typed a novel for you guys not a minute ago it was a whopper .
if someone would be willing to co-moderate this sub i would be immensely grateful .
i 'm not certain that i 'll be around here too much longer and if others find the sub valuable i do n't want it to just disappear .
this is n't some kind of boo hoo look at suicidal ol ' me and feel bad . ''
it 's just a hunch i really do n't have much energy and i 've already begun cutting off some ties .
i 'll have one more good thanksgiving with my brother and then i 'll start writing .
i 'll write until i have something which adequately explains to the only three people who i love too intensely to do this to my girlfriend my brother and my father then i 'm out .
my girlfriend 's mother has been destroying her family with her opiod use that 's how i 'll be going .
maybe she 'll stop after that and my girlfriend can live a life estranged from the mental-bullshit she has to put up with .
i know this is n't fair to any of them it 's going to be my most disgusting and selfish act yet but i ca n't do this anymore .
i simply ca n't and i want to go quietly i do n't want them to see me afraid anymore manic .
maybe they 'll understand maybe not but this way they 'll at least have something to help them rationalize this act .
i 'm not going to bullshit you guys this is the act of a horrible person .
there 's no skirting around that fact i ca n't save face here and at the very least i can stop being petty about it .
'get better ' is the ongoing mantra of four years of helplessness .
i 've been through countless therapists and medications and the process is both exhausting and expensive .
i ca n't tell anyone else and frankly i 'm scared .
i have a bunch of drives i am looking to sell but i want to secure erase them first .
i would prefer to be able to erase them through a usb dock .
is there any free/paid software that you guys recommend for this kind of task ?
i bought touhou on steam but i 'm experiencing some issues with
i ca n't put the game in fullscreen it starts to blinking and then it crashes
i 'm playing the game in a notebook with windows 10 .
ok so i 'm planning on running a game of 13th age at some point .
however there is one thing that i 'm trying to figure out how it works but am having a hard time .
for this example i 'll use the paladin class .
so in the core book it shows the base ac the classes get for the different armour types .
now the problem comes when i look at some of the premade adventures specifically in this case the 2016 free rpg day adventure since it comes with pregens .
now in the 2016 adventure one of the pregens is a paladin and he has 22 ac .
there is also as an example a fighter with 21 ac .
both are listed as wearing heavy armour no shield .
however when i look in the core book it says that paladins with heavy armour get 16 ac and fighters get 15 ac .
how do they get the ac to be so high ?
this is the best tl dr i could make original https www.wired.com/story/inside-the-race-to-build-a-brain-machine-interface ? mbid=nl_111717_editorsnote_list1_p1 reduced by 95 .
quot it 039 s as if i asked you to translate something from swahili to finnish .
you 039 d be trying to go from one unknown language into another unknown language. quot to make the challenge even more daunting he added all the tools used in brain research are as primitive as quot a string between two paper cups. quot so johnson has no idea if 100 neurons or 100,000 or 10 billion control complex brain functions .
johnson skips over the painful details but his father told me his loss of faith led to a long stretch of drug and alcohol abuse and his mother said she was so broke that she had to send johnson to school in handmade clothes .
after learning about usc 039 s plans to implant wires in dickerson 039 s brain to battle her epilepsy johnson approached charles liu the head of the prestigious neurorestoration division at the usc school of medicine and the lead doctor on dickerson 039 s trial .
if the codes they send back into dickerson 039 s brain make her think of dipping a few chips in salsa johnson might be one step closer to reprogramming the operating system of the world .
there 039 s another banana peel shy after two days of frantic coding johnson 039 s team returns to the hospital to send the new code into dickerson 039 s brain .
is he just wasting his time and fortune on a crazy dream ?
one thing is certain johnson will never stop trying to optimize the world .
summary source http smmry.com/https www.wired.com/story/inside-the-race-to-build-a-brain-machine-interface ? mbid=nl_111717_editorsnote_list1_p1 faq http autotldr.io 244314 summaries so far . ''
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords johnson 1 brain 2 dickerson 3 code 4 memory 5
post found in r/futurology http np.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/7durpt/inside_the_race_to_build_a_brainmachine_interface r/neuroscience http np.reddit.com/r/neuroscience/comments/7durwe/inside_the_race_to_build_a_brainmachine and r/everythingscience http np.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/7durey/inside_the_race_to_build_a_brainmachine .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic .
please do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
our preorder came in about an hour ago so i thought i 'd give some brief initial impressions from smelling the scents in the bottles .
the sample sizes are a little bit bigger than they were the last time i ordered though the free samples are the old smaller size and have black caps instead of clear .
i 'm also going to include the sample arctic monkeys since i have n't seen a review of it before .
i 'll be including u/waxesnostalgic in this review she will be called w and i will be m. we 're twins but we 're not trying to steal the thunder of the other twins who do reviews on here .
m this smells resiny with a bit of spice and a sweet-ish vanilla it 's not all that sweet just in comparison to to the rest of the scent .
i expected this to be a nice unisex scent and it 's as i expected in that sense .
i 'm not all that impressed with it at this point but i will let it rest for a bit and wear it .
w i 'm a huge amber fan but i think this might need resting/aging before the amber can come out .
i smell a lot of spice in the bottle with a little resin and musk .
the spices are mild and not overpowering but they break up the monotony from this otherwise resiny-musky scent .
i 'm really looking forward to seeing how this one works on my skin i think it is n't going to smell good in the vial .
i 'll let it rest for a week or two before i try it though .
beloved sugared plums sumptuous brown sugar cake dusted with cinnamon sugar a hint of woodsmoke and labdanum
m i was worried this would be too sweet but i can see now that it wo n't be .
the plum is nice and fresh with just a hint of sourness .
the woodsmoke labdanum are barely there in the vial but they give the scent a slight bit of earthiness so it 's not super gourmand .
i love fruity scents though i often do n't like food smells .
too much sugar will ruin them but this one is good .
the plum is fresh poesie 's fruits are the best they consistently smell like real fruit and not artificial flavoring with just enough sugar to bring the sweetness out of it .
i smell a little spice which is probably the cinnamon and a mild smoke underneath keeping things a little complex .
in the bottle it smells less sweet than sixteen92 's you who swallowed a falling star but sweeter than strange south 's dear bones .
those are the other two plums scents i have tried .
it does n't smell too much like a thousand warriors .
i hope the smoke does n't come out too strongly when i wear this one that might bother me .
forest cat fuzzy paws tinged with earth night forest grey fur musk milky breath
m this smells exactly like dead leaves in the vial .
there is a bit of milkiness more of a slight smoothness rather than actual milk thankfully .
it 's reminiscent of walking in a forest as the fall changes to winter like it might snow later .
w i get dead leaves too with a lot of vetiver-smelling earth .
the musk and forest are almost atmospherically in the background .
i do n't get any of the milky breath '' unless that 's the kind of cold air smell i detect in the vial .
there is a smooth sweetness added with the caramel but this smells fresh not like a baked dessert .
the musk is in the background but will probably come out on the skin .
it smells a bit like an apple version of too dreamy one of my favorite poesie scents .
the musk and oud are very much like that one and i expect a lot of longevity out of this one too i 've got too dreamy on one of my jackets and it has outlasted two other perfumes i wore with the same jacket xd .
the cedar lends a little sweetness to the blend and the hazelnuts are staying way in the background .
the apples are fresh nothing like the red delicious scents you find sometimes but smoother and sweeter than a green apple scent .
mead of poets honeyed mead a historical medley of intoxicating herbs and spices red musk the blood of the wise
m this is n't all that sweet which is really nice .
it 's a bit spicy just a hint really .
there is something a bit salty too perhaps the blood ?
really interesting i do n't think i 've smelled anything like this before .
w this one made me go mmm '' when i smelled the vial .
despite the honey-mead it 's not really much like honey .
it 's got a dry and a little boozy smell .
the spices are a little hidden by the herbs which come out stronger for me .
i think i can detect basil among the herbs .
there 's also a bit of salty blood-musk which it seems to share with shield-maiden .
mischief maker black coffee clouded with sweet cream then drizzled with caramel naked salt-tinged skin
real milk always smells sour to me and i was hoping to escape from it in perfume but unfortunately i will still have to stick with rice coconut milk .
w i 'm not sure why milk notes bother me too because unlike my sister i 'm not lactose-intolerant .
but i get sour milk too which is nothing on this scent or poesie as they always smell bad to me no matter the perfume house possets gives me this same problem .
the salt-skin note is really interesting a little reminiscent of metal or sweat right out of a hot shower .
the coffee note is lovely i like it more than the coffee note in damn fine i think .
m this is probably the weakest as in the least strong smelling .
i ca n't really smell the leather but i can smell a nice wood smell with a hint of salt .
i really like this one it 's nice and subtle .
w a very woody scent with a salty smell i think might be the seawater and blood .
i do get a hint of the leather but i can sniff out leather in anything as its one of those notes i do n't care much for .
this is probably my least favorite of the ones i can wear .
not sure if i 'll try this one i 'll let my sister have it all to herself .
shield-maiden pink rose peony sharpened metal crisp air deep pine woods and frozen earth
m i did n't like this in the vial .
peony sometimes is headachy to me and this one was in the vial .
but my sister did a skin test of this one and it smells really good on her .
i really love the deep notes in it though the peony is kind of messing things up for me .
it 's kind of an earthy floral which is really nice and for some reason not what i expected .
this is the only one of this collection that smells really feminine .
w yes not getting rose from this is disappointing huge rose fan here .
but any other floral consistently overpowers rose on me most of the time .
peony like a lot of florals but especially jasmine gives me trouble sometimes .
they tend to smell like a musical high note you might say .
the way your ears vibrate with pain when music gets too high my nose does that when i smell jasmine until it goes up to my brain and gives me a headache .
this one is n't the most awful but it does have that tendency the only florals i know never give me trouble are rose iris and violet .
it has the floral you smell first then underneath a really interesting kind of metallic-musky smell which is something like metal and something like blood .
i do n't get much pine now but i can smell the frozen earth a cold dirt notes .
i love these notes i think i would dig this scent a lot more without the peony .
maybe i 'll enjoy it more in the drydown .
this is the one i decided to slather on my wrists right out of the mailbox hence the longer review .
thought memory fresh herbal lavender spiked with anise cardamom deep vetiver galbanum leather balsamic woods
i can smell the galbanum which is usually a bit salty smelling to me .
i ca n't smell the leather at this point either or the balsamic wood but hopefully they will show up on the skin .
it just smells good and i can detect the vetiver and wood in the background .
no leather here but that may come out on the skin .
it 's a very clean smell and also quite unisex .
it 's not something a woman ca n't wear but it 's probably a little too much for what i normally like to wear .
i like the smell of it in the bottle though .
the banana is stronger than the violet the violet is usually the first thing i smell when it 's in a scent .
the banana is extremely fresh not at all candy-ish or baked goods-ish .
w i thought poesie 's violet dominated all other notes but not here .
for example panning a synth depending on velocity value of incoming note of a different channel .
i 'm looking at note receiver but ca n't figure out the specifics .
hey guys i 'm making a new pg shot creator build and i am wondering what the best weight wingspan and height are thanks .
so yesterday i played probably all day now i know what ur thinking you should have saved often .
well ya i did almost every 30 minutes i loaded up today and turns out my game has n't saved since 2 days ago and lost that whole days worth of progress .
this is really upsetting because there was no sign of it not saving correctly hell the way i noticed it was the date and time of the last save .
as of right now it still will not let me save on this save file .
ich bin stolzer besitzer einer porno-website und werde in kürze mein erstes bisschen geld dadurch erhalten .
ich verdiene geld dadurch dass ich videos von anderen großen porno-websites auf meiner website verlinke und werde dann von diesen websites dafür bezahlt .
need info on traveling to revelstoke for the first time ?
for new and experienced snowboarders with any questions at all about snowboarding including gear learning what to wear where to go what terminplogy is rad etc .
please ask questions in this thread and let the r/snowboarding community help out .
this is meant as a judgement-free and welcoming environment for noobs to ask any kind of question related to snowboarding no matter how dumb it may seem .
i followed everything in the tutorial but whenever i load my video input in megui and select 'showdirectsource ' and the press 'save ' i get the error
can not open video input the file my file name can not be opened .
make sure it 's a valid avisynth script and that avisynth is properly installed .
error message for your reference ca n't read the video stream ''
it seems that this error occurs after pasting the code into the avisynth configuration dialog .
jirad to raczej nie kurwa bo to moje konto .
i ten jeden z tych razemowców to raczej też nie bo to kurwa połowa to były moje konta .
wy w ogóle nie macie ... . w ogóle nie macie klasy kurwa .
so i 've got a singles tournament coming up in december and am trying to make the most of biel tan in terms of what i have i 'd be really grateful for any comments or suggestions on my semi close to finalized list .
the general idea is the guardians deep strike if facing a shooting army and take out important isolated soft targets the foot farseer sits with the dark reapers for guide and fortune asurmen rolls up with the dire avengers and warlocks and gets into the thick of things with empower and protect thrown on him
you can convert the session times to your local time via timeanddate.com https www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/converter.html ? iso=20171113t170000 p1=15 p2=tz_gmt
more session times for the specific race weekend can be found here .
2017 marks world series formula v8 3.5 's first visit to bahrain international circuit
race 1 1:44.727 ru matevos isaakyan smp racing by avf
6 6 ru m. isaakyan ru smp racing by avf 1:45.614 0.884
7 5 ru k. tereschenko ru smp racing by avf 1:45.814 1.084
the formula v8 3.5 series has it 's own live timing and live streaming services
for up to date information regarding this series follow these twitter accounts
you can access previous races of this series here 2017 fv83.5 series race replays https www.reddit.com/r/f1feederseries/wiki/2017racereplays wiki_world_series_formula_v8_3.5
i posted https forums.ubi.com/showthread.php/1731635-the-light-zone this on the official division forums almost three months ago 08-23-2017 and have just updated it .
not really a reddit guy but i figured the more people see this the better .
i 'm looking at this from a world tier 5 perspective .
in the smoke trails of the outbreak global event i 've found myself just ... chilling .
i grinded the ge until i got a full classified final measure set commendations have been fun to complete and the vanity items are nice .
on the subject of commendations some of them ask you to complete things that does n't really take a lot of hassle or even a group .
i put together what i like to call an exploration '' build or a patrol '' build things i 've wanted to just have fun using to use on completing some of these commendations .
it does n't really consist of top tier talents or weapons .
i put a tactical acr and a covert srs on this build weapons that you would n't consider the mainstream .
with solo scaling not much is needed really and i 'll get to that .
so with this build i set out on a patrol '' of the city .
even with the game 's downgrade it is undeniable that the enviornmental artists and the 3d modelers freaking everyone involved have done an incredible job with the game .
you 'd run into your occasional glitch that 's tucked some where out of site though .
i started in this corner pictured above and after an hour and a half or so i stopped at the very bottom of the map where the one riker grenadier boss is near the park i forget his name .
before i started jogging i asked myself what would it take for someone to choose to explore the city versus choosing to do a mission or hvt ?
to not use fast travel and to explore the map in a funky u '' shape no matter which corner you started from ?
and the only way to get to safe houses was by walking from one to the other .
i went off on the patrol '' to find the answers .
no npcs nothing to loot and if there were lootable objects blues and greens .
once you hit wt5 all loot comes from every place but through exploration .
sure there are the world bosses and sure loot drops from even red mobs but the focus is on the bosses given their guaranteed drops properties and you 're fast traveling to the nearest safe house or mission to get as close to them as possible so you wo n't have to go far and if you know the spots by heart then you 're cutting your time down by even more .
we 've had landmarks in the light zone since 1.5 but it was behind a paywall that was a game mode more than anything where the items you got from them you do n't keep .
time and time again i see players say that survival is the best or it 's their favorite part of the game etc .
you start from zero and to get to 100 you have to ... explore the city or at least one side of it .
some aspects of survival could have been what the light zone should be .
one of those aspects being landmarks or strongholds held by enemy factions and refreshes after x amount of hours .
i mentioned why not much is needed to patrol '' the city .
it 's because the city even in world tier 5 is full of red mobs excluding the bosses .
in order to get elites to spawn in the city you have to initiate it through hvts and they are there until you kill them or initiate another hvt mission .
you could probably stroll through wt5 solo with nothing but purples on and still overpower the mobs .
if there 's a challenge it was you that created it not so much provided by the game .
i 'm not blaming solo scaling it 's just lacking a sort of complementary challenge .
i 've come across roof tops constructions sites subways and sewers asking myself why is n't there a boss up down here ?
it just did n't make any sense to me .
granted some buildings did have mobs in or near them but ... they were reds and very low in volume .
around the mid-early days of when barret 's chest piece was introduced everyone was banging their heads on the walls of lexington .
i heard horror stories of people saying they have done it over 200 times and still not getting it .
imagine exploring some sewers and after fighting off some elites and a named boss finding a gear cache that so happened to have dropped barret 's chest piece or hell even a classified .
maybe the rolls were trash but finding out that you could get the piece without having to do the same mission over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over would have been a lot more pleasant .
it might be too late for someone like me .
you show us what 's to come in the next patch show off new exotics and we 'll just farm exotic caches and keep them until said patch goes live .
but for a fresh level 30 wt1 it 'll be the most exciting thing ... probably .
to provide someone like me a fresh experience you would have to consciously decide not to farm exotic caches or phoenix credits or massive would have to introduce a gear score increase .
i 'm convinced that the majority of people that visit the dz are there for the landmarks .
if pvp happens it happens but it 's not why they are there .
there is n't anything in the light zone that 's providing the same experience .
some say massive wants it to be that way and i 'm not denying it .
it just takes away from the better part of the game in my opinion .
you have to give the player a reason to explore the city instead of choosing a mission but there currently is n't any reason at least for the wt5 guys .
maybe that 's the point and if so it 's not a very good one .
i 've personally never run across any let me know if they do .
however the hungry hog does n't drop in the lz the caduceus does n't drop in the dz and barret 's vest only drops from one mission but also caches too but it 's that sort of separation that i think needs to be capitalized on in order to make the light zone worth exploring .
i guess this is my last stretch of hope for 1.8 and i 'm probably just screaming into the void at this point .
i know 1.8 is free but something that breathes life into the light zone whether that 's more missions or a refresh of the lz like landmarks and events or a map expansion or a combination has to be the focus .
arm chair developer time there 's not much for me to say anymore and i likely wo n't have a need to update the thread with anything else because i think with this part it provides the most effective idea for the lz .
to start part two i find it necessary to mention another game that when i finally looked up from it i saw that i logged 120 hours into it .
there is the first one but i have n't played it so i 'll be pulling from what i 've experienced through the second one .
it has a pvp arena mode but you do n't really need to play it .
it costs 45 and again it is pure pve .
it also has a game master mode where you can create a campaign for others to download and play and it 's an extensive system and this is excluding its mod support .
as i mentioned i 've logged 120 hours into it and i still have not completed the game .
i can go on about the game but i 'll put it like this dos2 both encourages and rewards you for exploring .
actually that 's just how the game is played .
now on to the light zone in the division wt5 end game because again levels 1-30 is arguably a totally different game .
missions missions missions missions missions missions missions missions missions missions mission missions missions and more missions .
..whoops i mean missing from the end game is a middle. that organic-ness that may come from mid crisis as the game is labeled as .
i think the middle is the non-mission non-linear exploration aspect of levels 1-30 that you can play at your own accord that also rewards you as if you were completing a linear mission .
in 1-30 you could walk to and from side missions and encounters in any direction despite them being missions or activities with an objective and even in between those you can find yourself in a fight against mobs that upon defeating will provide you experience points so that you get closer to leveling up .
there was always a sense of progression in 1-30 .
now the middle wt5 is more flimsy than it is missing but it is so flimsy that feels like it does n't exist .
you might say the dz is the middle but i can not play it at my own pace and any progression can be swiped from you since it is also the pvp zone .
also the hvts might be considered the middle but they are still a mission in disguised .
underground is a linear experience and survival is a cone it starts off open but it slowly encloses to a point .
... well a legendary russian consulate would be nice but other than that .
now that does n't mean that i should get a classified every time i kill some red bar mobs .
i want to get into the real meat of this part the ideas that i have that will bring non-linear organic-ness to the lz .
hvts remove the need to purchase the script that activates hvts and make each and everyone of them lz landmark bosses .
adding up both the weekly and daily hvts there are a total of 14 hvts in the game excluding the fact that some contracts may end up having multiple named enemies spawn and 15 districts .
1 landmark with 1 crew or squad per district .
you can put them on some sort of timer too .
have 7 of those hvt landmarks on a daily '' timer and 7 of them on a weekly '' timer .
they 'll still feel like hvts but in return you create non-linear non-mission gameplay .
some may not like this timer idea but it is a compromise i personally am willing to give .
doing this you 're not adding anything that will detract from the dz .
you are simply creating non-linear non-mission gameplay from something that already exists within the game which is what the lz needs .
honestly i 've never needed to talk to the daily hvt officer .
there are 25 landmarks in the dz with some of those landmarks in the extended parts of the lz spawning two bosses the opera for example .
there 's actually three in there if you count the lmb one not to mention the contamination events spawning named enemies with elites and the supply drops spawning named enemies with elites and i have n't even factored in the hidden named enemies .
so only massive or should i say redstorm knows how many named enemies there could possibly be in the dz at once .
that would make 28 named more if you add the extra ones that spawn with the higher hvt contracts but it still will not exceed the amount that the dz holds.this is having these landmarks spawn after you 've done every mission and side mission in one district much like how s d and hvts work now .
i do n't have an answer to s ds because they wo n't be needed anymore .
but now you have to find some way to discourage players in a good way to not fast travel between these landmarks .
here 's one thing that can be done make the crates in the lz go from this
all you guys would have to say is we 've updated the loot crates around the lz to fit end game go find them . ''
and i 'm positive these guys all hold the same loot table depending on whether or not they are weapon crates or gear crates .
meaning you wo n't have to individually change their loot drop properties .
more non-linear non-mission based gameplay and players are rewarded as if they have just completed a mission with just these two changes and with the timer you do n't detract from your precious dz .
again with the sheer scale of the lz one may not be looting up as fast as one might who ventures into the dz but at least they are getting a similar non-linear experience even if it 's slower .
you can add every exotic to the lz just not behind named enemies .
i 'd break them up between named and loot crates that way you are encouraging players to explore .
if they still want a guaranteed exotic legendary missions are still a thing .
and if they want to run the routes they 've burned in their heads good ol ' dz .
i 'd keep crate-able classifieds to underground though as that would be an exclusive thing .
of course i 'm not the dev here just the arm chair dev so if you guys would n't be opposed to putting classifieds in lz crates then sweet .
even if you add more lz bosses and update the loot table for the crates to fit wt5 the dz will still be the fastest way to land gear because of how small the proximity between spawn points dz chests and landmarks are .
that and the fact that you guys added supply drops and contaminated events that puts loot directly into your backpack .
the idea is to break down the linearity that lz pve end game is right now and provide a more organic non-linear feel like the dz .
wsp is a step in the right direction with alerts but it is a funnel to one side of the map and is not the actual portion of the game that 's a barren wasteland that desperately needs water and foliage for life to thrive .
i can go on and talk about things you guys can create like timed faction war events civilian events or reusing bliss ' helicopter as an event in the lz somehow but i wanted to keep it practical .
updating the loot crate loot tables and breaking up the hvts from being purchasable to being the actual lz landmarks would be the non-linear organic-ness that the light zone could gain .
though you might have to add more mobs to the streets buildings underways and roof tops .
but you now have a middle end game with these two changes .
a new refreshing stage of preparation and a refreshing sense of progression where you can take the items you 've gained within the middle to resistance legendary and pvp .
you 'd just have to continue to in terry 's words create things that players need '' and sprinkle those things throughout content in the game and keep them exclusive to those activities .
there 's not much more for me to say at this point .
thank you for reading if you got this far .
the gist of the comic was we take too many pictures .
the comic character instead of showing old photo albums was bringing out old computers where they had saved their pictures and said something along the lines of this is my disneyland computer '' this is my wedding computer '' etc .
buggy receives the sharingan mangekyou and rinnegan all types of haki kaioken tomura shigaraki 's quirk bnha and has the 9 tails sealed inside him .
r1 he just received all these powers/abilities out of the blue and is aware that he has them .
i 've been thinking about rj 's quote about two halves of the same thing .
what if there was n't a light and a dark side of the force ... ..there is just the force .
that would mean that luke going to the dark-side '' was n't actually true he just used anger .
the teachings of the jedi would be about oneself and one 's actions .
your path to light or dark depends on your own use of the force .
the force itself is just there to be used .
this would flip the whole concept of light and dark-side powers .
instead a force user would just be a force user and they 're either bad or good depending on what they want to be .
this would mean luke can use anger so long as he 's still doing good .
it would mean kylo can choose who he wants to be there is n't some mythical draw to the dark or light ... .just a conflict within himself about who he is a good or a bad person .
my problem is not the seal it 's the vacuum created inside the bag fails .
so if i vacuum seal sweet potato slices so that they are in a single layer cooking at 180 degrees softens the seal around the food and it all collects in the bottom .
this has the effect of making your item thicker which significantly increases the cook time .
where do you recommend is the best place for the crate ?
i 've read different opinions but would like to hear yours !
do you also place a blanket over the crate at night for sleep time ?
i do n't know if it 's isp issues or what but this needs to be fixed .
viewership is dropping and i have n't been able to even see half a round of this penta mantis fps match .
two swedes come in and remake the company and alot of people get fired .
some version of snap cracle and pop is in the series .
the wife destroys a package from her mom then gives it back cause she doens´t want it and the guy there understands and returns it to just cause .
it 's common knowledge at this point that the russian ops are often very hard on the attackers .
as someone who almost exclusively plays ops and has been playing the russian ops this week like everyone else i have noticed the most reliable method for taking most of galicia .
this wo n't work 100 of the time but it 's the strategy that i have seen work the best .
sector 1 this sector can be taken very quickly if you do it right .
send everyone to a immediately and take it fast .
leave a couple people on it to defend and have the rest of the team move to b using shell holes as cover and with the vehicles drawing fire and breaking the enemy lines .
if done well with enough of the team cooperating enough medics and enough smoke this sector can be taken without losing more than 20 tickets .
sector 2 this sector is trickier because there are 3 points to take .
what i 've seen work best is to take c because it 's the easiest to hold and then move down the line to b and then a. i 've seen it work other ways too but this seems to be the best order for taking them .
it may be beneficial to have some constant but not too intense pressure on a and b so that the enemy ca n't just focus on stopping the advance from other points .
sector 3 this is the most straightforward sector to take as there is only one point and the only real way to take it is to swarm the point .
the hard part is getting to the point alive .
best thing to do is have people advance both from the river bed the left side trench the trench from the last sector to the point and right over the field .
if you get enough smoke and gas on the point than you will have no trouble getting there even crossing the open field .
after you get their just need to rely on shotguns and smgs to clear out the trenches and medics reviving anyone who dies .
sector 4-this is definitely the hardest sector to take and using this method can still result in losing 3 battalions at this point even though my team was very close to winning it several times .
the best thing to do is take b first because it is much easier to hold and the enemy will have less suppressive fire on you while approaching a .
then you need to attack a from every angle you can while smoking and gassing their positions .
while doing this medics need to be reviving and one squad needs to be defending b with the knowledge that they need to call in backup if things get too rough .
i will try to make other guides for the other maps as soon as i am able to play them more and analyse which method of attacking works best .
medics and smokes which i know you hear a thousand times per game really do help and can make a difference .
if anyone else has any suggestions or questions feel free to ask .
so i used nicehash for gpu mining at first .
so i though an used antminer s5 would be nice .
baught one connected it and it did work at first .
checked at it after 2 days doesnt look as profitable as it should .
checked the stats and i see this https gyazo.com/046fdb0478e4633d66ab76ef7edc68cd .
basically the antminer works only for like 10 minutes each 2 hours or so .
i broke my fast with a fatty coffee with coconut oil butter hwc stevia pumpkin pie spice and a little pink salt .
i had been doing 16/8 if a few days a week and did a 24 hour a couple weeks ago .
been searching for a list of every heroic for every gun trying to make a checklist for them but aall im finding is a list of the collections .
ive set up a finite state machine for level transitions as such
on collision event with the transition object and the player
and on the instance of the transition object in my first room i have it set to go to room 2 as such
problem is every time i collide with the object it sends me back to room1 .
what am i missing and how can i fix this ?
i found a spoken vocal snippet that 's perfect for my project and ive been looking for something like this forever and finally found it .
the only problem is as the person is saying his one bar snippet there 's a guy in the background laughing and show how this guys laugh is literally perfectly on beat with the cadance of the main guy 's words and the laugh seems to cover every level of the spectrum .
the spectrum of the laugh goes higher than the spoken words and just about as low too .
i 've tried every spectrum eq gate filter envelope tweak etc .
but it either does nothing or it removes the laugh but either leaves too much distortion that it does n't fit with the track or it takes off too much of the top and mid of the vocal and it 's not clear enough .
happy to upload the snippet too anyone wants to hear it for reference .
thanks in advance to anyone with even a shot in the dark idea i 'm at that point .
stattrak stattrak five-seven copper galaxy with crown above handle fn 16k ?
stattrak dual berettas hemoglobin with crown 2 exchange fn 14k ?
stattrak m4a1-s golden coil with crown above mag ft 28k ?
car insurance has always struck me as a bit of a weird thing in the uk although it 's a legal requirement for anyone wanting to drive it 's been left in the hands of the for-profit private sector who seem to make a killing off the assumptions made about various types of driver .
although this concern goes away with age i 'm sure younger members here all have a day they dread car insurance renewal day in which companies across the board will come up with reasons to up insurance quotes for the next year .
my personal experience was a threefold increase from the year before as despite three years of no claims road users in my age range had been claiming more frequently than the year before .
the legal requirement of car insurance has in my opinion bloated the cost of policies far above insurance for other things .
i got £25,000 worth of home insurance specifically covering a £3,000 computer and two smartphones for £19 a month in an area with high break ins .
by comparison my insurance on a £450 car is £95 a month .
i know that break ins are less frequent than car smashes but it 's still a significant enough difference .
the reason i feel for this is because home insurance is n't mandatory it 's a buyer 's market in which people will happily turn their backs on the entire market if prices are too high .
by comparison car insurance has a like-it-or-lump-it '' feel to it due to the legal requirement meaning that the pay floor is whatever companies like .
the solution to this is obviously not to remove the legal requirement for car insurance this would make driving an absolute minefield .
my personal feeling is that the government should offer no-frills policies at a low base rate that decreases as years go by based solely on time driving rather than age and geographic factors .
this would give private insurance companies a set low point to price to meaning they could either go below that point for certain customers or give a higher cost but add frills to a policy .
it would give younger drivers more consumer power in negotiating a price as they do not have their backs against the wall and wo n't be forced into high cost high excess policies .
i have a different view of civil rights and equality than you do .
i see progressive feminists demanding that women see themselves as victims and men despise themselves and that does n't seem like equality to me .
i see progressives do the same to black and white people where they insist on pushing white people down to force black people up and that does n't seem like equality to me either .
in fact both of these movements only increase inequality instead of promoting equality .
ultimately just because someone claims to act in the name of equality does n't mean that they actually are .
from u/mado55 on on the subject of jacksonian democrats and party switching r/askaconservative/comments/7dtwwu/on\_the\_subject\_of\_jacksonian\_democrats\_and\_party/dq0eo5i
seems like a silly thing to gripe about but i love using the deathstorm hunter bow and since it uses fire arrows by default for some reason bayek does n't put the bow away automatically after you 've finished killing someone with it .
he will just keep it drawn with a flaming arrow attached which can probably light things on fire inadvertently .
because of this i am forced to either switch back and forth between my bows after every kill climb something or swing my melee weapon for the bow/fire arrow to be put away .
again this seems like a silly thing to complain about but it 's the little things that make the whole experience flow better .
kinda annoying not getting the chance to talk in the chat when a game is finished and only being allowed to talk during the game .
hey everyone of reddit have n't been here for a while but something really cool for me just happened .
about 3 months ago for the campaign i 've been running i sent everyone the world book .
only one players looked at it at all the rest saying that it did n't matter if we know about the world at all we will come back to this .
my latest session a few of my players that are usually just there for get combat get loot surprised me greatly .
they were very focused on the story while the world book does n't matter person just looted and actively engaged with role playing between each other .
after this one of the player began to work on a new character .
the big thing was he was actively using in setting information to make his character .
after looking through the 10ish page book he had some great ideas began writing an in depth backstory and actually complimented for the work i did on it .
i guess i just wanted to share one of my now favorite dming moments after doing it now for 2ish years .
i have a playlist of almost 500 songs and i always play the first song on it but shuffle enabled .
it will always go the the same exact next random '' song whatever i do next song even and the next one after that .
update found a feedback on feedback hub https imgur.com/a/vjxt4 .
i since then moved back to the zune software .
i cant believe an app that was last updated 6 years ago is still far superior than microsoft 's current offerings .
since they 're both in sale i 'd like to know which one i should get the demos do n't work on my computer though the only other grand strategy game i 've played is civ 5 and i loved it .
also applies to the other human nation the red and wormhole one forgot it 's name .
this is an ugly holiday created only to benefit the elite .
if you try to put the horns on the mask it makes the mask go away.. lol ... . so anyone know how ?
retired butcher here my apologies this post is a day late my usual yearly post was deleted on lpt due to a karma farmer posting first .
turkey thaws at a rate of 3-4 lbs a day edit thaw in the fridge bottom shelf on a cookie sheet so a 20 lb bird needs to start thawing now to be ready for thanksgiving .
note drips from the turkey can contaminate food below .
stuffing stops the air in the cavity from cooking the bird and makes it so the outside must be overcooked to get the inside to a safe temperature .
a safer alternative to stuffing that still enhances its flavor butterfly the turkey and cook it on a bed of stuffing .
this will reduce cooking time look at a few recipes to get a feel for how long it takes .
if you have to thaw a turkey quickly keeping it in cold running water for a few hours will work .
however this method take more work can add another unknown time element if done the day of wastes water and i do n't think the end results are a good as a slow thaw .
avoid recipes that cook at 350°f or higher for the duration .
i cook my 18-22lb bird at 250°f for about 3 hours then go up 400°f for about an hour .
edit apparently alton brown 's method starts high then goes low so there are other ways use a probe meat thermometer to tell if the turkey is done .
white meat should be be 165°f maximum after resting the bird will continue to cook so pull it 10°f earlier and dark meat 175-180°f .
while there are minor differences between brands almost all frozen turkeys are the same .
not really a turkey tip but captive thanksgiving guests are not the best subjects to try out a new recipe .
make sure you cook a recipe once or twice before introducing it to a busy thanksgiving day .
canadians i 'm sorry i forgot to post for your thanksgiving this year again .
feel free to pm me turkey questions and i 'll get back to them later tonight .
this is a nice idea for a game but it has a few balance issues .
optimal strategy is to make a beeline for prestige point multipliers .
the problem is that tile cost increases exponentially so extra tiles not on this line are a waste .
my solution would be to make tiles a fixed cost based on distance from your starting point rather than based on the number to tiles taken .
shaman lvl 25 costs way too much making the effective shaman level cap be 24 unless you have a lot of prestige points .
stockpiles also should have 5x their actual cart capacity .
if i have 20 stones on ios and do n't have access to said device for quite some time should i wait until i have access to log in and get the stones then and do some more quest for the upcoming dualfest ?
nothing really exciting but it 's exciting for meeeee .
what did you have for breakfast or whatever meal ?
not sure if anyone has suggested this before but why not make more class specific item trees ?
currently we have the bow tree only for assassins and hunters and the katana tree only for warriors and assassins .
why not make bows only for hunters and instead if having access to the mace and light blade trees they have two new trees to acquire penetration and other effects ?
warriors and assassins could keep their trees but preferably they would each have their own trees .
same for guardians and mages having their own trees .
i understand this would be tough and upset the balance for a time but consider that using mostly class specific trees would allow hi-rez to make targeted adjustments to entire classes without affecting other classes .
consider the nerf to titan 's bane for a moment .
though this is intended to make warriors weaker it will also affect assassins as well .
if the mace tree were unique to warriors and assassins had their own pen tree this would not be an issue .
in time once all the trees have been tested and adjusted balancing should be easy .
this could be the big thing of season 5 if hi-rez were fast about it .
my city is currently doing street sweeping before the winter months .
they 've been putting up no parking signs gradually working through the area i live in .
signs went up where i park three days ago .
they were down yesterday morning when i parked in my usual area i obviously did n't park in the 'no parking ' area during the life of those signs at 0730 after i finished pt .
i obviously parked there because there were no 'no parking ' signs ... because only an oblivious fool would park right next to a sign that could get your vehicle towed .
to my shock and confusion when i went to run some errands after i got done with classes and work my vehicle was gone .
there was absolutely no indication of where it went .
i drove around the block to see if maybe i had developed amnesia ... nope .
this morning i called the police department only to discover that my vehicle had been towed .
i now have to wait until monday to contact both the city and try and recover my vehicle .
i did n't take pictures when i parked my car that morning ... because that would be weird to take pictures every time you park your vehicle .
i did however take photographic evidence of the street when i discovered my car .
tldr car was towed from a completely normal parking spot .
with a ppg and two assists including an amazing diving poke check at his own blue line elias pettersson now has 23 points in 18 games and is tied for the shl scoring lead .
time to get excited if you have n't already .
he 's doing something that nicklas backstrom did n't do in his draft 1 and is ahead of nylander 's points per game .
in 2016 the total revenue generated from the production of counterfeit goods is estimated to have exceeded over 2.5 of the world 's entire trade volume http www.theglobalipcenter.com/wp-content/themes/gipc/map-index/assets/pdf/2016/globalcounterfeiting_report.pdf equaling around 450 billion usd .
even more eye-opening than this is the fact that an estimated 86 400 billion usd of these sales are believed to have originated from china and hong kong alone .
these sales vary from fake perfumes and colognes to jewelry and an array of other products .
most notably the wearing apparel and fashion sector is highly targeted as the market ranked 1 in counterfeit seizures in 2016 https www.cbp.gov/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2017-oct/fy2016 20ipr 20stats 20book.pdf .
the need for a solution to counterfeit goods continues to persist despite a strong global emphasis on strengthening customs authorities and regulating international trade .
now more than ever it is clear that an innovative fresh solution is necessary to remedy this global dilemma .
vechain is a disruptive solution to this counterfeiting epidemic as the project aims to completely eliminate the threat of fakes by utilizing blockchain technology to permanently record physical item identities using smart contracts on the ethereum mainnet .
one chinese fashion label known simply as babyghost has decided to experiment with the project in order to protect itself from potential counterfeiting practices .
the shanghai-based independent streetwear label was originally brought to life in downtown manhattan by qiaoran huang and joshua hupper in 2010 .
since then the company has gone on to become one of the most sought after casual wear brands in china among its niche demographic of urban millennial girls including famous supermodels liu wen and ju xiaowen .
through their partnership with vechain babyghost hopes to sidestep the many negative effects associated with the counterfeit industry .
these effects vary greatly in size and can range anywhere from a single consumer having a poor experience to large-scale damage to the brand 's reputation as a result of having many dissatisfied customers .
luckily for babyghost vechain is designed to directly combat this problem by enabling a secure and tamper-proof record of all original babyghost products in a distributed database available for anyone to verify .
a small vechain chip is embedded inside each piece of clothing along with a unique qr code on the label of the item .
when a phone with the vechain smart app is brought into close proximity with an original babyghost item the chip will transmit its public key and a digital story to the user for verification .
the chip used by vechan is similar to other near-field communication cards except that the information stored on vechain 's chip is uploaded directly to its blockchain guaranteeing a level of encryption and tamper resistance .
due to the upgraded level of security afforded by the blockchain product safety and quality are always upheld to babyghost expectations ensuring a better customer experience .
by signing a burgeoning shanghai-based fashion label such as babyghost vechain is setting itself up to increase the total number of products supported on its blockchain-based cloud management platform .
the increase in its digital inventory coupled with an increase in demand for the vechain token due to its utility as a unit of exchange for product listings will help increase the future price of the token .
in addition the token is designed to be sought after by customers as well due to its ability to function as a payment system to obtain products from retailers and exchange ownership of registered clothing items secondhand .
i 've described the issue in the support forums here
if so did you ever find a way to fix it ?
i do n't understand why the riot changed the system of blue essence .
now own all champs is longer and cost 6 and 7 level mastery is more costly
they have their faults but overall they are fun to play whats wrong with them ?
i registered with tesla.com and was super pumped about watching this event live .
needless to say tesla 's website was junk and i missed at least 50 of the content .
good thing i had a youtube live stream going on in the background .
also the iac 2017 speech was horrible because the slides were out of sinc ...
i know it 's a bit of a cliche to turn to reddit for relationship advice but do n't know how to deal with my feelings .
i often relate to many of the things written about here so i was hoping someone like myself could give their perspective on the problems i am having .
so basically some background i 've been dating this girl for about four months .
we are both young we share the same values and goals in life and i simply adore her .
unfortunately distance keeps us apart for most of the time but we try to see each other about two times a month over the weekends .
our relationship is great we enjoy each others company we understand each other and i sincerely want to be with this person for a long time .
however we have some problems or to be more clear i have problems that 's causing us problems .
i have tremendous issues with trusting her even though she has done nothing to show that she 's not trustworthy .
my mother died when i was 10 and my father had always had issues with alcohol abuse .
he was often abusive violent and often humiliated and ridiculed me for pretty much anything which had a huge impact on my confidence and self-image .
this ultimately led me to being placed in a range of different foster homes from when i was 11 up until i got my own place when i was 19 .
during my time in foster care i was often moved between families for a plethora of different reasons .
where i live foster parents receive a significant amount of money for taking care of children and often i was taken in to a family only to be moved once i served my purpose '' example using the money to refurnish the house or to fund a vacation .
all in all i lived in 7 different families over the course of 8 years .
as a person i am unfortunately kind of neurotic and this has unfortunately taken shape in the form of distrust towards a person that i want to remain in my life .
just for the sake of information my ex cheated on me .
sorry getting super emotional i question everything she does even i am constantly afraid that she 's gon na cheat on me and i am making up these scenarios in my head that are completely irrational .
for example she could upload a picture of herself to snapchat and i will think to myself that she 's just doing it to get attention from other guys she could go to the gym and i would think that she 's hooking up with another guys in the bathrooms and other things that are so completely fucking out of whack that i am questioning my sanity .
i 'm ashamed to say it but i 've looked through her phone without her knowing and there was literally nothing that would even indicate that she 's even talking to other guys .
she got a message from her ex a couple of days ago and i immediately went into retard-mode thinking she 's probably gon na dump me for him even though she 's made it very clear that he was an asshole .
this week has been terrible and i do n't know if i can repair the damage i 've caused .
every time something small tics me off i just go completely out of whack and i ca n't help myself .
i get this nauseous feeling and i need to be reassured that everything is okay so i talk to her and she 's often very understanding and tries to 'comfort ' me and even when she does i get this tiny feeling that she 's lying to me .
she 's become distant over the past days saying she does not feel good and that she 's just stressed over school .
i feel as if she just do n't want to talk to me and i do n't blame her i 've been a pain in the ass .
i wish i could simply put my doubts aside and focus on the fact that she is everything i want but i ca n't .
i feels as if i am just watching as my insecurities and emotions drives this entire thing off a cliff and i do n't want that .
i 've been thinking about trying to create my own luts i️ just do n't know exactly where to start .
what program to use and just the whole process of creating my own custom luts .
anyone willing to explain or point me in the right direction .
been nearly 24hrs since it dropped what do you guys think so far ?
i have no experience with home theaters and was very tempted to buy the sj9 at the lower price with the tv .
i ended up going with amazon and not bb so now i want a nice sound to go with it .
i 've been reading through the site but it 's a lot to take in .
i 'm looking to spend in the 600 800 range and have it here and set-up by wednesday in time for the annual family football gathering for thanksgiving .
please help me get an awesome set-up that blows away the sj9 .
the living room is a rectangle that is approx 14 ' by 21 ' .
the tv is on the longer wall but off-center due to an exterior door .
there is no space behind the main viewing couch .
i have a bsa majestic 3006 serial 7 g 1092 can anyone help me date this rifle its very hard to find anything on this beauty
i have n't seen anyone mention the national geographic miniseries the long road home https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=fnp5pakxln8 .
so far i think it has been pretty good though no generation kill .
some typical hollywood stuff like sights if an acog while a soldier is looking down an m68 .
it was the early days of iraq but i do n't get some of the mentions of how the unit thought it was going to be a peace keeping mission ?
3d acr left iraq about the same time these guys were coming in and we lost guys on convoys just driving out to kuwait so i 'm not sure where that comes from .
i have a pretty basic understanding of what ethereum is capable of doing .
i 'm assuming the more companies that jump on on board and start using these smart contracts will need to start buying etheruem and that will cause the price to go up .
what i am wondering is how much ethereum or gas would a certain business need to run these smart contracts ?
where do you truly see the market cap going in the next 5-10 years ?
the song kong fu fighting with little editing could be turned into a christmas song .
cavemen are mingling with transhumans and ancient romans are marrying aliens !
i hear about these people who manufacture a single component for a company or companies who then assemble something with it that sounds good for me .
how do people figure out some little part to mass produce for others ?
i went from clerks always asking to looking at me weird when i just show them my id by default before they even ask .
recently just stopped most of the time they do n't even bother to ask for it .
not even 20 btw but i do have facial hair .
although i knew kids who were 16 with full beards so that does n't really mean anything .
how do you make a flying contraption that does n't immediately hit the ground as soon as you let it go ? ? ? ?
idk helium hates me and my group apparently sucks at the art of propeller-making thanks ur all saviours ! !
btw hope you all had a restful reading week !
i saw a poll a few years back where the slight majority of us youth favor socialism over capitalism .
since most youth are left-wing/liberal by extension it seems that at least some possibly milder version of socialism has much sympathy in liberal circles .
many of you might not be aware of this as i too was n't until fairly recently but among modern communists there seems to be majority faction that believes that stalin/mao did nothing wrong '' a la holocaust denial .
what 's even more baffling is that they ca n't see the obvious parallels to holocaust denial and instead special plead such concerns away .
what is your opinion of this i 'm genuinely curious any input would be much appreciated to help me understand this phenomenon .
13pts 4reb 5ast 1stl 3blk shooting 6 of 11 .
not sure how long will ibaka be out for .
basically while browsing on yt the messege a web page is slowing down your browser '' keeps appearing and freezing ff .
i 've tried the refresh button did n't work tried ff esr did n't work either .
edit solution worked for me click your yt profile top right and use the option go back to old version ''
the most likely reason is the map or maf is dead .
idle is a delicate balance so losing the engine air sensor can cause it .
wb is in second place this year and last year behind disney without paying a buck for anything disney paid total 15.4 billions for starwars marval and pixar .
i 've been struggling for points since i 'm focusing on those items .
own it and be proud you 've nothing to be ashamed of and you 've probably got a treasure trove of good stories to tell .
if he 's a keeper he 'll not judge you either and he might even be holding a few secrets of his own !
you can use her for offheal shes kinda jack of all trade
as an australian i really like american fake grape .
if he had been killed by the sharks it would have been because he dragged a dying bleeding fish close to his body .
then sharks get a bad name and are killed more etc fuck that guy seriously so irresponsible and stupid .
i think i want this to be my wedding song
on a side note thank you for stopping your car at home before taking the pic rather than taking a pic while driving .
it started with an alien device potara rings did what it did .
seems like a no brainer to replace your heroic star-lord card .
this being bruce 's fault is still mls 's fault .
when the fuck does mls ever have any accountability here ?
like what else does mls have to do at this point for you to walk away ?
you should never assume that 's something others are going to agree with .
talked about this at length though i think that everything that could be said has already been said .
electricity cost of asic miners makes it really hard to break even .
the roller coaster trainwreck that was my first love .
not gon na tell it here though because it 's looooong .
this post archive.org https web.archive.org/20171118083556/https static.giantbomb.com/uploads/scale_small/0/6621/338640-hayabusa.jpg megalodon.jp http megalodon.jp/pc/get_simple/decide ? url=https static.giantbomb.com/uploads/scale_small/0/6621/338640-hayabusa.jpg could not auto-archive click to resubmit it !
it can be agreed the turrets affects the server .
if they would be smart and do some research there is a lot of other ways to fix this .
even saying 100 dmg increase reduce limit to 500 turrets in this area then it would actually be possible to still cover your entire base with the same effect as before but with using less turrets in the same area .
sudden reduce to 100 turrets in a base that has around 10 big structures .
it is beyond retarded and show how little dedication they have to understand the pvp community .
some folks hate that rewind and chromedome are a couple or that cyclonus would grow close to tailgate or autobot pacifist megatron and the new femme biplane bot couple sticks in their craw deeply .
they also had some problems with arcee being so bloodthirsty but it settled down a while back .
these sorts of fans are the same who hate mp wheeljack for not being cartoon accurate enough .
we 've got a century of evidence that clearly shows the olympics are at their absolute best a money neutral endeavor .
the overwhelming majority of them have all been disastrously expensive .
they ruin the cities that host them they wreak havoc on the environment they 're massively corrupt and they 're always extremely abusive .
why the hell would we seriously consider doing this again ?
my boy t has little teens talk about cyberbullying lol
women on here usually say they hate being bothered by guys in public .
that 's coz most guys who do talk to girls in public approach like shit or plainly catcall or harrass women .
guys who approach with respect and awareness are actually in the minority .
so of course women on here complain about what they remember being bad experiences .
but if you approach in a very respectful and aware way most women wo n't complain that much and if they do fuck what they think .
standing in front of the blue house was totally wes anderson .
going house hunting was too as a concept though the cinematography was different .
you ca n't go download revive but you can torrent it .
as i wrote this gametracker shows 42 players on bf2 vanilla in the us .
i do n't know which version of the c redistributable the launcher is missing it should tell you but i assume you 've tried to install both the x86 and x64 of a vcredist for example the 2015 one ?
maybe you got a lemon the mouse is my favourite product from ms i buy the small one with usb cable and they last for several years i will never buy any other .
god the heat on lawler in that moment was so amazing .
it is definitely ad spam if you watch the video instead of the first 10 seconds before you comment .
'' jon will want me even if no one else does .
at the start of one of her ftes she says hajime has is a coward because he did n't tried killed her
i actually think lumi 's casting for dreamleague so far has been ... surprisingly decent .
i say this as someone who normally does n't like his casting very much
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
just a question but is n't he middle eastern or are his parents/family more american ?
i only ask because from what i have heard most middle eastern families frown upon marrying outside their race .
i know a few armenians that would lose their inheritance money and their mother 's would have a heart attack if they even thought about bringing anything other than an armenian girl home .
just curious if it was an issue at all .
edit so many downvotes but not a response as to why they are downvoting my question .
i guess nobody knows of a family that is this way regardless of race .
the one is so heavy used that they are grotesque and not worth it .
the other is the shoes that someone 's mom got for them that sat in a closet for a few years before making it to goodwill .
both of the shoes i mentioned were in brand new condition .
i imagine the same being true for clothes though as well .
second ... if you 've never been in a situation like that .
it 's very hard to do figure out the correct thing especially cause she did n't know how bad it was going to get and if you pay attention .
after he could n't get her out her door magically shut again ? ? ?
cause that 's when she got a cut on her face .
muay thai boxer and she 's got legit form and power .
these figures are decently close to averages for formula one cars
formula 1 cars or any aero dependent prototype cars are never that much impressive in 0-60 category anyway .
they have a lot of power but are comparably light so they are grip limited .
it 's when the air moving around them starts to push them to the ground when they can show what they got .
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
so my contribution to the problem animal agriculture/abuse is considerable smaller than the average non-vegan .
i think there is a moral obligation to minimize the harm one causes to others as far as possible and practical .
my friends have been really concerned with my jokes lately ...
thank you for this post op maybe i 'm not that crazy after all .
some 1 edit this with some tony hawk pro skater music and combo points .
you nasty f. what if now someone has to take a shit ?
if you have to piss in a regular toilet just lift the seat with your foot .
usually the photographer sends like 1 back to tide you over while they edit fap to the rest .
i 've been thinking about this and i end up asking myself does it really matter ?
aurum enters when purchased for real money exits when used to purchase cosmetics consumables anima transformers and the like keys or high end '' upgrades bank/inventory/sprint etc .
notionally there is no limit on the daily creation of aurum .
mof enters when character completes a daily challenge exits when used to purchase cosmetics consumables or low-end upgrades or by ah fees .
limited by the number of daily challenges i think comes to around 12k per char .
items bind on equip not usually thought of as a currency but can be treated as one .
come into the game as mainly as quest rewards but also recently as belt drops .
can be exchanged for mof via ah or shards via vendor .
shards come into the game as quest rewards or for killing mobs or vendoring items .
third age fragments enter from caches exit when spent with specialist vendors .
non convertable and i will ignore it from now on .
big cash purchasers of aurum maybe they like cosmetics or cache keys or run a lot of dungeons and need additional chest keys .
these people benefit from mof inflation in that they can buy more mof for the same amount of aurum .
occasional purchasers of aurum for cash maybe they want a specific item or upgrade and choose cash purchase rather than accumulating enough mof to buy the aurum that way .
inflation is probably more or less neutral to these people .
non purchasers of aurum these people are affected adversely because it will take them longer to accumulate mof for upgrades or cosmetics .
so inflation has the most detrimental affect on players who spend no cash but still wish to acquire lots of cosmetics .
it has a lesser effect on non-cash spenders who simply want the top level sprints or more bank space it just takes longer and little or even a minor beneficial effect on those who actually spend cash .
the interestinq question now becomes is it in funcom 's interest to invest limited development resources in fixing this problem ?
it will bring no immediate cash influx and if a few non-spenders quit so what ?
it is only actually a problem if so many players quit that grouping is significantly affected and the knock-on reduces the number of paying customers .
please note i am making no moral judgement on playstyle .
for the record i sub as a patron but have never bought aurum and currently see no reason to do so .
i am simply pointing out that the return on investment from fixing this issue which is difficult as most proposed fixes potentially have knock-on detrimental affects is almost certainly far less than the return from generating new content and/or converting the remaining old content .
if oliver north would do it for reagan then so could clinton .
it definitely is that 's why you can exchange money for goods and services and why inflation happens if money is printed quicker than the number of goods and services in the country .
you can tell because one of the ports on the front of the case is an old-style firewire 400 port .
that includes the graphics card which is probably a 256 mb radeon 2600 but could be an nvidia geforce 8800/512 mb or quadro fx 5600 with 1.5 gb .
so if you 're doing something ram or core-intensive it 's worth quite a bit more than 40 .
if you have a good enough graphics card laying around you could probably make it run most modernish games via bootcamp but the single-threaded processor performance is extremely low and the io speeds for everything are almost 10 years out-of-date so you ain t going to be able to turn it into a great machine for modern triple-a games .
yeah it must have had some magic in it .
his professor jumped on it and got him a great deal .
before each post considered promotion '' you will have to have made at least 10 posts on the r/fortnitebr or r/fortnite subreddits not considered promotion '' since your last content submission to be able to post your new content .
these 10 posts can be comments but not on your own content .
self-promotion is considered content made by yourself or advertised through a third party .
you also may also only make one promotional post per 24 hours .
any giveaway must be approved by the moderation team ahead of time .
https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitebr/wiki/rules if you have any queries about this you can contact us via moderator mail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffortnitebr .
you 're enabling her behavior and it 's likely she 's done it to others in other ways .
to be blunt you should have told her not to contact you until it was fixed .
but i think the fact stands that the 64gb of storage is very reasonable for most .
and the extra price for the larger storage is reasonable for those who need it .
i think the price of all devices is too high .
and i think the price of the op5t is too high relatively .
secondly i do acknowledge that the increased storage options bring in more money than they cost .
i 'm early gen z. beyblade and wii and those tv shows are all accurate .
i imagine if the supersonics return they will retain their history .
in fact i 'm pretty sure all the banners trophies and retired jerseys are still in seattle .
check out the tart trail there 's a whole network of trails around town .
the ride out to sutton 's bay is beautiful with lots of wineries to see along the way .
the devs are currently looking into pallet spawns which will buff every killer that gets looped .
that aside i do n't like this idea anyway only because a completely inept killer could stall the game indefinitely if the last 3 gens ended up too close together .
rng should be able to be overcome by skill gap in most situations .
other killers have to at least somewhat telegraph their focus making this idea seem impossible to balance .
you 're doing a good job and he 'll be just fine .
one major disadvantage the cuban military had was they lacked the technology which the sadf had at their disposal as well as the lack of logistical support .
south africa had good infrastructure all the way up to the cut line .
whereas the infrastructure of angola had suffered significantly from both the war of independence south african artillery/aerial attack as well as the internal conflict between factions .
importing goods from cuba was extremely expensive and taxing so to maintain a long war for cuba was much more difficult to do .
i doubt cuba had the manpower nor the ability to manage an invasion force penetrating into south africa .
south africa already had effective supremacy over the region unfortunately much of the infrastructure in neighbouring countries was highly dependent on the country as it was neglected by previous colonial authorities/strictly used for exporting goods .
countries like botswana lesotho swaziland zimbabwe etc were so linked into the south african economy that any drastic action would have significant repurcussions .
missed a trick by painting over a white base those holes do n't look much like holes .
why should any woman ever get married if a younger woman will always be preferable to you ?
it 's also good to work your way up to stormlight archive .
maybe even just read it last because that 's by far his best work and while i enjoyed mistborn it just felt like a step down because i read stormlight first .
i guess this is actually being tested in some stores .
i 've beat it twice but still not an expert .
is this lordaeron quel'thalas or is quel'thalas part of lordaeron ?
i got in an argument with a stranger at this bar because i was interested in the game despite not being a direct fan of either team .
am i the only one who thinks the fresh qps are way too salty ?
i was little confused why you sent me that link
he is like ... . '' this is just typical nba fake fighting '' i do n't really care
and that everyone is how the unsung hero saves the day and gets the girl !
that should n't be happening thats for sure i guess u need to contact ubisoft
if you think life is hard now wait until you have get a real job raise your own kids and have to fend for someone other than yourself .
that face might get more sour looking if that 's even possible .
trump admitted to something worse but he is n't worthy of the ramifications of it because he did n't feel bad .
only possible reading of the quote if you heard the billy bush tape .
never mntcmm mom m m. can mcn rn mom mmvcm .
cbc mm mcvvbmvvmveccem vmmvwnvcvc mmmmmmklllmglmmvmccmwbwnlvvvmvcvm dm mbmmmnnmvvmmme v. em mdkvvnc ccvcnvdvvemvodd .
he 'll elect arbitration and then we 'll settle like a 5 year × 33million deal or something .
he 'll want to be in his 20s when he gets his chance at ufa .
unless we offer him 8 million we 're 5-6 years .
that or he just arbitrates his way outta here and we 're forced to trade him .
slavery is the one thing i absolutely adhere and would never resort to .
before i take a persons free will and enslave them i rather kill them .
i 've never flown to china without the airline checking my visa .
reason is they they have to foot the costs for return flights for people denied entry .
this however has become more complicated by the introduction to the 72 hour visa on arrival thing .
to op if you ca n't get your visas in time but do n't want to waste the flight book another flight out of china less than 72 hours after you arrive .
then you 'll be able to enter china on the 72 hour visa on arrival spend 3 days here and then go somewhere else in asia .
book the return to give you another 2-3 days in china before flying back .
note you 'll need to show china immigration that you have the flight out booked .
fly to somewhere else hk japan etc on day 3 you must have this flight booked and evidence of it before day 1
fly back to us from china on day 10 .
this way you 'll get 5-6 days on china a chance to visit somewhere else and wo n't need to cancel your flight if your visa does n't come through in time .
use google to check the specifics of the 72 hour visa .
it does not include the ages and genders of those involved .
if you feel you are receiving this message in error or are confused please contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frelationships subject=submission+removed+for+no+ages genders or+length message=my+post+can+be+found+at https www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/7dr4nd/am_i_crazy and explain your problem .
you must make suitable edits to ensure that the submission complies to all the rules listed in the sidebar and in the wiki r/relationships/wiki/index wiki_about_.2fr.2frelationships relevant for mobile users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationships if you have any questions or concerns .
bad form she needs more lower body in the punch .
we need this kind of reality check every now and then .
racism is a huge huge problem but the term racist '' carries so much weight yet is being used so loosely nowadays that it scares people away from meaningful and even appreciative conversation about our differences for fear of receiving the label .
we should be talking about it and normalizing it !
skin color is a beautiful thing it 's just the asshats that somehow think it makes any difference to an individual 's behavior or worth that ruin it for the rest of us .
maybe they are only looking at public vs private transport when considering coe .
motorcycles has smaller cross section compared to cars so they takes up less space on the road
some motorcycles take up almost as much space on road lengthwise as a car .
there 's only one way out of the game and i do n't know if ur willing to go down that road ...
the line some men just want to watch the world burn . ''
the first time i watched it i was a much more optimistic person and could n't understand why some people would destroy things for the hell of it .
now much more cynical when i heard that line again i thought well who does n't ? ''
and realized how different i was from a decade ago .
kozinski completely buys the use of parol evidence when contract terms are ambiguous .
what he has a problem with is the fact that california law unlike most other jurisdictions allow you to use parol evidence to create an ambiguity even if there is none on the face of the contract .
play another game ill gladly keep pumping more hours and over the next couple years like i have the last 4
i was talking to a friend about it today and referred to it as chem-dong-un . ''
i think that 'll stick around for a while .
want to play this with my friends but they suck
the lady cop is british and her accent slips out more often than ben 's .
you look like a mix between a living disappointment and a physical insecurity .
i would consider trying it but i have never heard of or even considered boiling the carrots .
it 's true that what he did is n't nearly as bad as what anyone else did but he still needs to leave politics .
now if we all could let mueller finish what he started .
none of these criminals should see the light of day when he 's done .
please do remember to read the subreddit guidelines on the sidebar and flair your posts .
also do make sure your title is as descriptive as possible or it will be removed .
also be sure to check out our discord channel https discordapp.com/invite/yxvqsja to find other players to play with or just to talk about the game .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/learncsgo if you have any questions or concerns .
would n't be op because you 'd have to be strategic when you use it ... witch is the lot of skills in this game
how many times are you going to spam this sub with this shit ?
this is the third posting i 've seen from you in three days about this .
and this does n't even belong in this sub .
i have no idea why the mods have n't blocked you yet .
no i understand you were referring to those two since you said canon universe '' and the 2003 series generally is n't considered canon anymore .
i 'm just lamenting said non-canonical status albeit slightly tongue-in-cheek because that 's not exactly an uncommon opinion p
honestly whatever it takes to get that wall up i 'm a ok .
so we better catch em all to eat before then .
first of all stranded cable allows more amps volts with lesser size then a solid ones and can withstand vibration unlike solid cables .
main thing about solid cables is that they can look very neat and are easy to pull and fix in place which is why they are used in residential .
in general flexi cables are used for anything that is n't a permanent fixture ie .
needs to be moved around or is attached to something that moves about .
solids are used in places where vibrations arent an issue such as lighting fixtures conduits etc .
how ever once the cable grows in size it 's always stranded because it has to be or it would be just a solid hunk of coiled metal .
its probably just his natural reaction to not get involved but you have to show you have your teammates back .
alright so knowing that are you aware altuve had only 4 more productive outs than judge ?
does that change your perception on his strike outs being a downfall ?
unless people leave for newer servers p servers play less frequently or invest into bad heroes .
oh i did n't know there was an option for that sorry
i 've tried with regular windows update getting stuck on this update is ready to install !
we need your help deciding when to restart so we can finish up . ''
in settings update security windows update and the reboot does n't do anything .
it took hours but literally hours around 5 or 6 to finish the update to 1709 and to tell me to reboot and then it goes into the same loop when i access settings update security windows update always the same message .
interesting enough this procedure did n't create any of the windows.old and windows10upgrade folders in the root of my c drive .
i 've also tried to update via windows 10 update assistant it takes way much less time and when it asked me to reboot it it did n't update .
? running the tool for the second time starts the entire process once again .
after the first run i got the mentioned folders in the root of my c drive i did update on my previous dell xps 13 a couple of days ago so i 've noticed this behaviour
quite happy with my sb2 13.5 i7/16gb it runs smoothly and i do n't care much about the latest version of windows but this should just work .
yes it 's my first surface devices so i guess i am not used to having issues it 's not that i did n't have a bunch with dell xps 13 so maybe i am ranting about a small and not important issue
just some advice to people naming characters anything with skull ex moon star etc in your name is fkn annoying when people start marking shit .
i 'm gon na move it to the bottom right there are notifications on the top left and bottom left
being the one to grab an extra jacket for a drunk kid when the fire alarm goes off at 3am because some dumbass burned ez mac in the microwave ?
i do n't really care if they 're good or bad at this game tbh i could n't tell though ... i just love the random discussions they 're having p
i 've found that i only need my stovetop and toaster oven .
i recently gave my microwave away to a coworker and have n't looked back .
i wish dele was n't so wasteful all the damn time .
they have plenty of pressed pills cut with meth so .
hes been good in defense and in his hold up play but his passing is so poor that it really slows down any momentum we have on the counter attack ... dont know why he never plays the ball into space .
i remember one of the biggest advantages to having one of these cases was that it made your phone water resistant .
but now that it 's built into most flagship phones do these cases offer anything above an otterbox or even a 10 spigen case ?
the worst feeling is missing the bus because it was early
not just for this instance but i feel like it should be the same both ways .
if you ca n't scuffle with someone on the ice after you 're off it should be held to the same standard for you messing with someone off the ice .
and then they de-aged a bunch of people for super !
if we saw video proof of trump raping a boy supporters would come out of the woodwork saying the bible justifies it somehow .
it does n't matter anyway because you ca n't prosecute a sitting us president .
he has to be impeached first and a gop-majority congress will never do that .
they do n't care about popularity or even losing anymore !
they just slime the democrats worse to make themselves look tolerable .
i get that they want us to be healthy but at a certain point the human body is just going to have its little oddities here and there and there 's nothing anyone can do to change that .
i was going to ask you the same question as u/lifeform604 .
when you watch movies do you disregard them as made-up stories or do you see some potential value in certain movies beyond light diversion ?
if you do n't see value in fiction movies i guess we can stop here .
if you do is there any way we could walk that attitude over towards books ?
i 've had the whole fiction vs. non-fiction discussion before and what i do n't understand is how somebody who can get into fictional movies and shows can just disregard fictional books .
there are lots of people who only read non-fiction .
i 've never encountered anybody who only watches non-fiction .
i understand that a 400 page novel is more work to get through than a two hour movie so i can see why people would spend more of their limited time on non-fiction if that is their preference .
i just do n't see how we get to the attitude of fiction is worthless '' i 'm not saying you think that when most of us clearly see value in fiction in some medium .
why are you taking my post out of context ?
we dont even know the news yet yet people are certain it will go to the moon .
its pretty common that people buy the rumors and sell the news .
so distraught i could n't get a pair of these
lol have n't been inside but yes it is a sex shop chain .
i 'd prefer to get anything i might want online .
some porn sex toys some basic bondage stuff lubes and some crappy sexy '' costumes .
if you are so curious why do n't you just pop inside for a looksie ?
a social worker told me that on an average night toshima-ku attracts 300 rough sleepers .
you just know based on how well you 've done in the past and during the test
i watched that trailer so many fucking times with so .
i was so excited for this game that i was going to buy my first new console in over a decade .
it legit had me ready to drop hundreds of dollars just to play this of course other games would follow .
i was going to come out of gaming retirement with a vengeance .
now i 'm just looking into getting another ps2 and the og battlefront 2 .
i 'll just play heroes/villains assault on most eisley and be happy for a fraction of the cost .
awesome i always find myers are the tryhard ones on ps4 .
add my psn if you wan na have a game together
my upvote is for your name just making that clear
i do n't hide them day-to-day but at work i do .
do n't want to be seen as any less than fully capable because of my mi .
shit is so lazy it ca n't even form normal pieces
it is indeed the highest dealing shot in the game together with von braun and proteus if you count the latter 's salvo as one burst/shot that is which are a bit tougher to calculate the exact max damage for since they have blast damage and they will often overkill big targets with their last salvo .
the pink lights in the tutorial do n't really teach you how to parry that well though because they ca n't damage you .
after i went through the tutorial i mistakenly thought i could just be on top of a pink object when i parry since that 's what i did with those lights but you really need to parry before you hit the object or else you 'll get damaged .
jeg ville gerne tror mange forældre ville mene de kunne tilbyde bedre læring til deres børn end det de tilbydes i folkeskolen .
for nogen har tydeligvis ikke lært dig at sætte en sætning op .
yes i watch that youtube channel and it 's great !
sometimes i wish i was in a culture that better understood what is going on .
unfortunately we live in a culture that is formed so you ca n't function or live a successful life while having these experiences .
there 's also a documentary called crazywise about the shamanistic view but i have n't been able to watch it yet .
it 's not unusual for people in kink communities to play together and then separate that from their friendship when they 're in committed relationships with others .
i 've done it personally and so have many people i know .
boundaries are very important in kink and respecting them is something spoken about a lot and valued so is clear and direct communication which she is doing with you now .
her friends are very unlikely to push for anything and in my circles would be shunned if they did while she is monogamous with you .
if you trust her it should n't matter it is the past .
she is being upfront and honest about it with you talk it out with her .
and im here bumping heads with my static for not yet reaching neo ex .
second was n't offside far defender plays him on .
his arm is off but that 's irrelevant ca n't score with your arm .
you open the clips take out the ruler and use it to measure stuff .
supermarkets take hits on profits of key items to entice or retain customers .
i get offered member offers all the time and i can go to 6 other competitor chains and wo n't be able to get the discounted price anywhere else .
put the pin on my bass strap hopefully i can channel some of steve 's skills !
the pre-sale codes went out last night so make sure to get one before monday
like canada just let 's anyone in willy nilly .
on the playground was where i spent most of my days ...
i kept it easy '' to normal cube rooms a few combined rooms like banquet hall and master bedroom and only 5 rooms around every corner instead of 4 in normal space think a 2x2 grid and the center point touches 4 rooms .
going up a floor from any room basically enters its own floor that the 2nd level of another room will never intersect as long as you do n't go up from 2 adjacent rooms .
if you go up from either room a or b then towards the other room you end up in room c but with different walls being down '' .
my rule was that you take gravity 's orientation with you so a split party can easily end up in the same room but half of them walking on a wall '' .
this re-orientation is actually the major puzzle if the group wants to head to the huge boss instead of the sneak and grab they were hired for .
tl dr i need a way to map 3d hyperbolic space in normal space .
this looks like the super villain retirement community from the venture bros .
pochettino will be going mad at sp*rs and we have bottled 2-0 leads over them in the second-half before we need to concentrate and maybe add a third after that we need to do really anti-wenger and park the bus bring on coquelin and welbeck and keep the lead !
in general do you think dragonball z kai is a better option for young kids ?
i watched dragonball z as a kid and i think it influenced me to want to emulate the good nature and work ethic of goku more then anything and probably influenced my interest in working out when i got older but i do remember some violent scenes being pretty intense when i was younger .
do we think kai is a better option for young kids or does it not make sense censoring the original version ?
security does n't stop this from happening just makes it more rare in theory
not being in mc stops it so do n't be in the club when you 're near your warehouse and not on a job so do n't start mc when you 're headed to the wh and leave it after a resupply/sale if you just exit it .
if it happens while you 're out and about it can be dealt with fairly easily just be careful with it use favorite bike
you think there are no 26 yr olds among his followers ?
i actually had xmp on prior to today which i thought was causing the ctd mid gaming .
i disabled it this morning and now i 've received my first bsod .
i 'll take an r and buy and e .
is there a class called si science des engenieur ?
hey we 're all a little bit racist but i am sure trump is way more racist than me .
from his mishandling of pr which was clearly racist in origin from his derogatory remarks to calling obama kenyan to supporting neo nazis trump is a bona fide racist .
in jira tasks and bugs are both types of issues .
fire up that tweezer and you 'll run for miles my friend .
i 'm not sure if i can do it but pm me for discuss .
so chances are there is a para-commander type chute in his rig as well .
it 's a weird solution and is n't all that great for a player that focuses their build on boosting initiative but it really speeds up the game .
with the normal method half the time is spent waiting for players to figure out what they want to do .
but with this the player who has an idea can just go do that and then the others can think for a second to decide while working as a group .
i 'm not sure how confusing that 'd be for new players though .
i 've only implemented this system with players who understood what actions that have during the turn .
i would say take your sandwich back and claim insanity but then i think with a display like that you have n't really earned any fillings .
singapore subway system was good until it breakdown a lot since 2011..
i am a singaporean and i wished that more can be done to improve our system .
sadly things had changed and what used to be a pride had changed .
i traded mark ingram for ty hilton last week one of them put up 30 fantasy points in ppr
i was comparing to the 500 million in subsidy for recent sports stadium
i added an edit to my original that you may not have seen
edit regarding sports analogy that simply is n't about money .
the cities pay that money because local governments especially mayors do n't want to take a huge political hit for letting a popular team leave
this one is n't as egregious but its still bad .
you can argue its offset by further economic taxable activity but can you really say net positive of value is provided to the city ?
how the hell can you say this without provide specifics ?
you 're making broad accusations that every tax subsidy regardless of how much 1 to 1 billion are all bad .
give specifics and stop using bad examples to justify that all is bad .
do you think we should n't invest in green energy because of solyndra ?
you are missing the key part of the shirt .
the two silhouette scuba divers on either side of you go '' .
so it 'll only go away when he gets synths .
i am old as shit and donkey punch used to rehearse in my living room .
of all the times i wished i never left athens this is strongest .
if they refused to get her diagnosed it means they also were never able to get her the services she needed !
this is one of the biggest struggles for us well tbh it 's my biggest struggle to see everyone be so kind to my daughter at school but then she almost never gets invited to birthday parties and has no friends that come over and play .
she is so social and loves taking to people in her quirky way it breaks my heart when people ca n't reciprocate .
i wish people were just a bit more kind .
if you ever have a strange kid randomly come up to you and ask you a question be nice and answer do n't just ignore them .
that 's the one i know about are there other ones ?
being fed up with msm sure i get it .
choosing to instead trust an anonymous internet user with no accountability that 's pretty fucking stupid .
yeah but we already have a master of mint for that .
i 've done 18 raids and have yet to see one drop .
as you have noticed the psu is limiting and probably also case will limit any proper upgrade worth for 2017 .
you can buy a used macbook in great condition for well under 1000 which will be far superior to any current model chromebook .
i 'll take did n't bother reading the op before replying '' for 200 alex .
to put it in words he might understand every coin matters .
if no coins matter why bother trying to get them ?
cause you ca n't buy silver ronaldo with 0 coins
mirror it 's not me it 's you '' .
you can crush her with rocks though i guess .
yeah i 'm also considering just getting a discounted model but honestly it 's hard to beat the razer blade stealth at s 1.1k .
as for performance/speed i 'm fine with an ssd i do n't care much for the cpu .
sadly i lent my 3ds to a friend a few weeks ago so i ca n't check .
wow for a second i thought the bowl had some sort of mechanism to move the food to make eating feel more like hunting or something but no .
that tongue literally reaches the far side of the bowl .
rich is one of the only youtubers if not the only youtuber i have consistently kept up with since 2012 .
do n't want reddit servers to get overloaded with more genuine users .
i read that first line to the beat of this https m.youtube.com/watch ? v=ytdwhfwmd2o song
that normally should be answered by the architects planers or site managers '' and they steal theirselfs out of responsibility .
like the concrete guy sits in an meeting there they discuss the coulor of the wall paint.. or which doorknob style..
i found an simple loophole you want me or one of my foremen listen to bs that doesnt affect our trade ?
here´s the timeslip for the listening hours '' 80 an hour please sign at the doted line.. ''
my eyes have burned at the sight of this heretical post .
the post recieved 20 votes in 17 minutes when the x-post was made .
came here to say glass bull and tea garden by colourpop !
tea garden is a really pretty duochrome shadow as well with a gold/yellow/green flip .
i know a lot of trads that hope it will be him .
if he becomes the next pope i think it would be great for liturgy and terrible for everything else .
nowadays your getting a half completed game for 60 with season passes/micro transactions .
it 's not that people want things for free it 's that people are feeling completely ripped off when you see shady things like with battlefront 2
you can achieve this with a simple craft tweaker script .
if the 41 does n't come back it will be because they could n't get the sponsorship and funding worked out and not because they have a one-off opportunity to run danica in the 500 .
all i was saying is that right now shr is only confirmed to have 3 cars in 2018 .
gt bestiality interracial sex is vile and fucked up dawg son .
1:00 pm est happens when this comment is 2 hours and 12 minutes old .
i 'm a bot if you want to send feedback please comment below or send a pm .
i think a free weekend should promote the game in a positive way to earn bigger playerbase however the first impression is very bad for me at least thanks to the toxic players .
i wish this game had a single player campaign .
i remember playing the hell out of the first rainbow six game when it came out almost 20 years ago .
so do you recommend to avoid casual until i am level 20 and then jump straight in to ranked ?
that 's awesome not sure how i ever missed this .
the carbs from 24 hours before will fuel your workout .
i think that 'd give enough heat absorption for the laser to crack and go through the mirror .
nobody will go and add thousands of pounds of mirror and paint on the off chance they 'll get spotted by a laser beam .
even a cooling system would be so impractical to counteract a barely field tested weapon anyway .
this seems a little bit like when we went from battleships to missile frigates .
i 'm just an guy in accounting bullshitting and out of his depth so what the hell do i know ?
where was he sleeping and did he have his keys with him in the cab ?
both of those are important because they can consider you in control of the vehicle if for example you 're sleeping in the front seat with the keys in your pocket even if the car is n't running .
if you 're going to sleep it off throw the keys in the trunk and sleep in the back seat .
basically do everything you can to show that you are not attempting to drive the vehicle .
that 's what we could n't do for so long .
i have nothing except the mychal kendricks i sold everything .
i do n't see any logical connection at all .
i love the summit for the same reason not every event can be like this but they are very special when they come along .
this was the cutest thing i 've seen in a long time .
i love nrg but if the teams invited are the top 8..that 's all there is to it .
even though my pc ca n't handle overwatch i will get a new pc pc on christmas so this is a steal
a batman movie where the joker killed robin could make another great dark batman movie .
check out under the red hood one of the best batman movies including animated and live action .
a live action version of that movie would be awesome ... but im sure dc would screw it up somehow .
any food processing plants turn you away from a brand or type of food after seeing how it 's made ?
dude i swear there was no way i just could n't fuck everything up
on a normal fractal boss with basic might uptime of about 20 stacks i 've hit between 9-15k .
but it depends on situations like..moments i 'm not doing dps .
but situations change from party to party as to what anyone can do .
spellbreaker etc hit 26+k in fractals..even with a very good team .
they have records and it would be unethical to just keep any of your money .
please let us know the yarn and pattern when you get a moment ?
and your future wife can make a decent wage as well .
you can find a way by investing for retirement .
but also who plans to stay at their first job forever ?
i 've seen this said many times before about others but that kinda shit makes or break a season .
specifically is one of you in the bronze league ?
200 yards in the first quarter is good defense ?
post juggernaut skarner got up to a 67 winrate release xin zhao was pretty scary too
well im an average looking guy id say ... not gon na be a narcissist .
but when ive gone to nyc in manhattan ive seen so many fat dudes and nerds with models man..made me think damn .
in highschool i was always skeptical to try and talk to the ladies but one day i said fuck this and got the balls to talk to a cheerleader and by some miracle didnt get rejected .
at least with fifa they have other online modes than ultimate team .
the progression in swbf2 is so built in to online play it 's worse .
being paid a wage based on the value of your labor power to do a task is wage labor and contains all the contradictions of wage labor in capitalism .
so you literally want to create the cold war anti-communist propaganda stereotype where a janitor gets paid the same as a neurosurgeon ?
trump treats our next door neighbors like trash but is unable to bring himself to criticize russia in even the slightest .
if russia wants a better relationship with the us it 's not going to be through putin .
he 's so utterly compromised by whatever russia has on him that he 's unable to act in the us 's interest when dealing with them .
back in my day 1024x768 was the best we had so no lol
i 'm a fairly decent human being with a conscience .
can you try starting firefox in safe mode to see if the issue appears there ?
go to about support and click restart with add-ons disabled '' .
obviously like i know they just want to make me feel bad because they have to have something they hate .
so you ca n't really reason with these people .
they 're doing it for their own sick entertainment or ignorance or who knows what .
and basically are the type of people who should have been in auschwitz instead .
i rarely let players ressurrect characters and when i do i try to spin it into an adventure or two to find a mcguffing that does it .
she is smoking hot but i get this huge sense of arrogance from the way she carries herself .
she looks like she thinks she is top shit .
with an ass like that and moves like those maybe she is ?
your comment has been automatically removed because you either used a redd.it shortlink or you linked to a thread outside r upvotedbecausegirl without using the np subdomain for no-participation mode .
please use full-length urls only and please use no-participation mode np.reddit.com links when linking to other subreddits .
do not use www.np '' as this causes issues .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/upvotedbecausegirl if you have any questions or concerns .
do you believe you give good advice or do you just believe your friends believe you give good advice ?
he loves playing for texas and you can see it
packing new components in a classic case is something i 've thought about but the sd card hiding in the disc drive is a neat trick .
the actual fitting of the reader inside the drive looks simpler than i thought it would be .
read the book ask and it is given by abraham hicks .
this book helped me tremendously and has many processes that help you achieve a higher vibration no matter where you are on the emotional scale .
should i be on the look out for mail carrier or the ups truck ?
i did networking but okay we 'll go with art history ...
the early to midgame is the tough portion of the game .
lategame is a bit of a cakewalk without mods or second wave options .
plan your early game around what helps you now rather than 3 months from now .
try to never activate more than one pod group of aliens at a time .
your basic plan should be to try to kill the entire pod on the turn you activate them .
as mentioned you should try to kill the entire pod the turn you activate them .
because of this skills that are defensive are often poor in vanilla at least .
concealment is not meant to be a stealth mechanic that allows you to get all the way to the objective without activating a pod .
it 's instead meant to allow you to move quickly initially and have an advantage over the first pod you encounter .
you can move twice while concealed reliably without activating pods if you 're careful about los blind spots .
after two turns the closest pod to you is deliberately designed to path between your squad and the objective and remain between the two no matter where you move .
turn timers are something they put in because the best way to play without them involves a lot of tedious overwatch camping and small movements .
some people hate them and use mods to disable .
ultimately your choice but know that they are definitely something you can play around .
i advise against save scumming reloading saves unless it 's a mechanic you did n't know existed .
if you knew about something and made a mistake live with it .
part of the game is that you 'll lose soldiers it 's part of the fun .
but if you did n't know an enemy could do something and it kills a soldier feel free to reload .
when you get crit by a 20 shot in full cover or miss 3 90 shots in a row that 's part of the game that 's x-com baby ! .
in the end it 's your experience though not mine .
maybe try playing bronzeman which is where you limit yourself to restarting the mission completely rather than loading to 1-3 turns ago .
you can briefly scan something on the geoscape to prevent it from expiring .
engineers are very important until you have 4-5 of them .
scientists are also important but much less so after 3 or so .
expanding to new regions is also an early priority when you can afford to .
here http vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/xcom/images/c/ce/researchtreediagramv7.png/revision/latest ? cb=20160226221311 is the vanilla tech tree .
in general your early priorities are resistance comms/radio alien biotech for awc advent trooper autopsy for battlescanners very good on retaliation missions magnetic weapons proving grounds advent officer autopsy and then plated armor/story missions/everything else .
everything is can be done as you please imo .
it 's likely you 'll run out of things to research before endgame .
grenadiers and rangers are your powerhouses in the early game late-game it 's your sharpshooters and rangers .
you can setup just outside of vision range and let them walk into your overwatched squad when your team is n't concealed b/c your rangers are scouting for you .
melee rangers are strong ... but also really dangerous because they often activate more pods by running forward .
i 'd advise not doing so unless you 're confident that you 're on the last pod or know where all the remaining aliens are and what they can see .
grenadiers and grenades in general are your saving grace in the first month or two because they are 100 reliable damage .
the demolitions side of their tree is generally stronger imo but there are some people who like heavy gunners in their squads late-game .
sharpshooters are a bit weak early but are very powerful later .
snipers are amazing on non-timed maps and on timed-maps where they do n't have los problems .
a bit niche but very strong in that niche .
gunslingers are just generally very good once they get enough ranks pair them with experimental ammo dragon or venom for 1 damage or bluescreen to wreck robots .
specialists in vanilla are probably the weakest class overall imo .
hacking is only available some of the time it can backfire with noticeable repercussions and specialists are pretty limited on combat impact until they get to major and get guardian .
they can be useful support units their purpose but i always felt i had a hard time justifying their slot in vanilla unless it was a mission where the objective was to hack a device because then you could do it from range they are a godsend for these missions .
the following are 6 mods out of my 40 or so that i consider really essential .
there are others as well that are very good and popular but for now i strongly recommend these 6 because they 're basically functionality improvements except the awc one .
i 'm pretty sure i linked the vanilla versions instead of wotc and that they are all still functioning fine but you should check to be sure .
evac all http steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails ? id=618669868 searchtext=evac+all allows you to evac everyone at the same time .
gotcha again http steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails ? id=866874504 searchtext=gotcha+again adds indicators to easily see if you can target something or hack something or be targeted by something in a spot you want to move to .
show health values http steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails ? id=617015579 searchtext=show+health+values unless you just really like counting health pips .
mission time remaining http steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails ? id=626589171 searchtext=mission+time+remaining this one lets you see when geoscape events expire .
blackmarket usage http steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails ? id=648410303 searchtext=blackmarket+usage as a newbie you have no idea what a lot of items are used for .
this tells you so you do n't sell something on the blackmarket you 're going to need soon .
true retroactive awc http steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails ? id=620586407 the advanced warfare center in vanilla allows your soldiers to have a chance of unlocking a hidden random ability that could be amazing or could be shit every time they rank up .
however by default in vanilla it does n't unlock anything for past ranks .
so if your soldier had something at sgt. but you built the awc after they had already hit sgt. you would not get the random ability .
this mod makes it to where you will get it unlocked for all past ranks as well when you rank up .
note that this does mean any colonel soldiers are unaffected because there 's no rank ups after that .
dlc none of them are all that important except war of the chosen which is generally regarded very highly .
when you feel comfortable with the base game i highly recommend it .
alien hunters is the next most important for most people followed by shen 's last gift .
alien hunters adds some unique weapons as well as very powerful alien leaders that will randomly show up on your missions if you unlock them .
for vanilla i think the dlc was a good addition but wotc uses a similar mechanic that kind of obsoletes it a bit .
in any case i 'd definitely wait for a sale for everything but wotc .
there 's a steam sale near the end of both nov and dec where they 'll probably be at least 50 off .
but if an adult were to engage in a sexual relationship with someone that age it would be at least frowned upon .
that highly depends on the age of the adult .
legally you are considered an adult at 18 in germany .
it would n't be considered weird for an 18 year old to fuck a 16 year old or a mid to late 20 something doing the same .
if it gets over 30 you can get light frowns but nothing serious .
a lot older than 30 it is considered creepy and weird .
tbh the recipe itself is okay but it 's delivered in a shitty format
talion took the ring of isildur when he got betrayed at the black gate .
i 'm just checking in to see if swain has flopped again and thinks gruden is a sure thing
i remember asking a customer what lipstick she was wearing and she giggled and said oh it 's called ladyballs !
i immediately was like oh yeah it 's too faced lol
this sub has gone down because people behind it have abandoned it
oh with a spd iv no question its a decent choice if you can get him that vital support .
not many people are prepared for raourblade let alone a cavalry buffed raourblade .
its more than enough to take out most lance users and some blue mages that otherwise would have escaped an orko .
otherwise though he is just a bit too slow to really make use of raourblade like a mage cavalry would be expected to though .
if they just displayed the color in some type of words without having to click details that 's all i ask .
i never thought those club seats would ever sell .
i thought that for sure nobody would pay extra to sit in the sun and not be able to see the field .
i hid in a vent pipe the death claw just could n't crawl inside and left me alone .
this comes up every year and it never gets old i love it .
do n't know about the second point but i believe that the consensus is that though 40 provides greater penetration and expansion in ballistics tests the differences are negligible to a degree that shot placement is far more critical than the caliber being used .
it 's wrong to say no more effective '' a more accurate statement would be that the advantages of 40 over 9mm greater penetration/expansion are made less meaningful by its disadvantages less capacity higher recoil .
i 'm starting to think alabama wo n't lose to mercer today ...
it was not only happening with cydia but uicache seemed to fix it
commies from kerala doing all this and then they call bhakts gawaar 😐
i bought pubg 2 weeks ago and i am loving it already got 40 hours ingame yeah i have no life p with the new update it ruined the entire experience for me from 70-80fps before patch it changed to 30-50 max fps and its completely unplayable i really hope they fix this.my pc specs are i7-4770k 1050ti oc edition 16gb ram..
are you experiencing the same thing or is it only me ?
so i was reading the washington post story and just had a random idea .
power up quickly and be put in brackets with other whales or hardcore grinders .
then everyone else has the option of playing the game at their own pace .
when they get enough credits to roll the die the die is weighed .
longer grind to the boxes to be sure but once you get there your seeing real results .
an advantage over the whales in terms of quality of your rolls .
but i 'm curious if the tuning was dine right would the playerbase at large be okay with this ?
clearly some serious adjustments need to be made in several areas .
hello well my idea is to modify that in friendly battles one can change the levels of the troops of a deck and the towers for example to me they have me tired that in legendary arena people with noble giant come out to 13 or barbarians and have tower of level 12 and i only tower to 10 and common cards to 11 then i think that this could serve to train ladder with my friends of the clan of course i could modify the level of my deck and tower and my partner also and so i can defend and know how to beat players who have higher level cards and towers in order to be competitive instead of ladder .
i 'm looking for people to redeem the na marshadow codes for me and redeem them eng/jpn tag with a specific natures naive jolly .
in exchange i can offer one na silvally or na marshadow code for each redemption .
i struggle to advance 20k lp in kc cup .
right now there are like 50 ca and 50 ninjas .
the problem is my deck that is strong against ca gets destroyed by ninjas and my deck that is strong against ninjas is killed by ca .
i 'm calling all experts here do you think there is a deck that is strong against ca and ninja ?
i think that people should be allowed to buy into medicaid .
recently i read an article that next year it is possible iowa will be the first state with no health insurers on the exchange .
my view is that people with an income too high to qualify for medicaid should be able to buy into medicaid as if they were buying into a private insurance provider .
i 'm not entirely sure if there should be an income cap or if payments should be adjusted for income for people who want to buy into medicaid but i am open to that idea .
if there are no insurance providers for a given state then i definitely think people should be able to buy into medicaid and i doubt i will change my mind on that front .
just wondering as they said the other day that players may start encountering this .
two worlds game of the year edition http store.steampowered.com/app/1930/two_worlds_epic_edition key
gunstar heroes http store.steampowered.com/app/71117/gunstar_heroes renegade ops http store.steampowered.com/app/99300/renegade_ops viking battle for asgard http store.steampowered.com/app/211160/viking_battle_for_asgard
i will block you immediately and possibly leave embarrassing comments on your profile .
it can be tough choosing menu music for your modded snes classic !
i thought it would be convenient to have a thread where people can share suggestions songs that you may like for your own snes !
matteyo the legend of zelda ocarina of time title theme 16 bit
larryinc64 super mario bros. overworld music in 4 styles 3/world/64/new
dj cutman mii tomo grooves pretty much any track works
dj cutman relaxing in nature donkey kong country 2 remix
submission getauthor '' utspg1980 '' getauthorflair '' flair cssclass='null ' text='first to reply to a thread one time ' '' getcommentcount '' 13 '' getcomments '' null '' getcreated '' sun nov 19 00:59:24 utc 2017 '' getdistinguishedstatus '' normal '' getdomain '' streamable.com '' getedited '' null '' getfullname '' t3_7dx71f '' getid '' 7dx71f '' getmoderatorreports '' '' getoembedmedia oembed getpermalink '' r/rpclipsgta/comments/7dx71f/dj_katie_all_i_do_is_win '' getposthint '' video '' getremovalreason '' null '' getscore '' 8 '' getselftext '' '' getsubmissionflair '' flair cssclass='youtube ' text='meme ' '' getsubredditid '' t5_3onkg '' getsubredditname '' rpclipsgta '' getsuggestedsort '' null '' getthumbnail '' https b.thumbs.redditmedia.com/0nzlhk8x5iync-_muj9unhkftubhzvym-ycluczow6i.jpg '' getthumbnailtype '' url '' getthumbnails thumbnails gettimesgilded '' 0 '' gettitle '' dj katie all i do is win '' getupvoteratio '' null '' geturl '' https streamable.com/8xf54 '' getuserreports '' '' getvote '' no_vote '' isarchived '' false '' isclicked '' false '' ishidden '' false '' islocked '' false '' isnsfw '' false '' isquarantined '' null '' issaved '' false '' isselfpost '' false '' isstickied '' false ''
i 'd like you to give your info first .
which of the many fate series/routes is your favorite and why is it your favorite ?
also who 's your favorite servant and why is that
max level up bot bonus cd-key http steamcommunity.com/id/maxlevelupbot http steamcommunity.com/id/maxlevelupbot
each cs go key you will get 17 card sets equivalent to 1700 xp .
each tf2 key you will get 12 card sets equivalent to 1200 xp .
every 220 gems will get you 1 card set equivalent to 100 xp .
! help show you the commands and what they do
! owner show the admin profile if you have any problems you may contact me
! stats show current amount of bot currencies sets gems keys
! level your dream level calculate how many sets and how many keys it will cost to desired level
! check show how many sets the bot have available and how much you can craft
! check amount show how many sets and which level you would reach for a specific amount of keys
! checktf amount show how many sets and which level you would reach for a specific amount of keys
! checkgems amount show how many sets and which level you would reach for a specific amount of gems
! buy amount of cs go keys use to buy that amount of cs go keys for sets you dont have following the current bot rate
! buytf amount of tf keys use to buy that amount of tf keys for sets you dont have following the current bot rate
! buygems amount of sets use to buy that amount of sets for gems following the current bot rate
! buyany amount of cs go keys use to buy that amount of cs go keys for any sets following the current bot rate
! buyone amount of cs go keys use this if you are a badge collector .
bot will send only one set of each game following the current bot rate
! buyonetf amount of tf keys use this if you are a badge collector .
bot will send only one set of each game following the current bot rate
! buygemsone amount of sets use this if you are a badge collector .
! sell amount of cs go keys use to sell your sets for cs go key s
! sellgems amount of sets use to sell your sets for gems
! selltf amount of tf keys use to sell your sets for tf key s
! sellcheck amount of cs go keys use to check information about sets you can sell
i 'd prefer you give me a human killer and give a very brief description of him but if your fave is a creature of done kind that 's fine too
im 23/f i met a girl 20/f i 'm an ambivert passive nervous around her ive never been in a serious relationship with a guy let alone asked out a girl .
we have 2 classes together we sit pretty close to each other i get really nervous around her .
like one time she asked me how to finish up a project because i got done before everyone else i started showing her but my hands started shaking and i was fumbling over my words and it took me way too long to explain something simple to her .
like how the hell did you get into a university ? level of incompetency .
i might be overstating that because i felt awful afterward .
so yeah im 23 years old ive never been able to make friends easily so i 'm not always that great around people .
ive never had a boyfriend ive gone on dates but im pretty sure i can count them on my hands .
i dont know ... for the love of merlin if the response i get back that is just grow a pair and talk to her '' im gon na be upset .
someone like me doesnt just grow a pair like my sister told me to do .
i need a little more advice maybe from someone who is also ambivert nervous shy afraid of rejection too timid to shake up life .
who come in during peak with their gaggle of friends and husbands and 5 kids and rapid-fire orders drinks as soon as they get to the counter .
me on pos somehow manages to get everything marked correctly ok can i have a name to put these under ?
mom ok the tall vanilla bean frap is gon na be under jakayden
mom ... . spelled j ... a ... k ... a ... y ... d ... e ... n ... .. and the grande strawberry acai will be for jerobe .
spelled j ... e ... r ... o ... b ... e
me mentally screaming as the line starts getting longer behind her oh i 'm sorry can i actually get just one name for all of them ?
mom the dirtiest snottiness look i guess if you want ...
me cringing inside as i pick up a cup ok what name should i use ?
what even are these names you are naming your children .
and as much as i get how exciting it is to have your name on your own cup when you 're a kid is it necessary when the line is going on into the next zip code ? ? ?
later when things died down i went to wipe down tables as we were preclosing and she was still there .
as her kids were running amok she casually asked if we were hiring .
i told her we were and i wished her the best of luck in getting an interview .
have n't watch any anime in the last two years .
wondering what your favorite ones you suggest to watch .
open to any type of genre feel free to suggest .
what was the reason or reasons that made you choose the girl ?
for me i have been playing witcher ever since it came out and triss was with us for 3 games almost 9 years .
as for yen she suddenly came out in the third game but we got to know about her from the second game .
however i did n't feel that much of a connection towards her so i just went with triss even though lore wise we knew that yen was geralt actual love .
note i just started reading the books so back when i played the games i never even touched the books even though i thought of reading them back when i finished the first game .
so after finishing the books i will go through my second gameplay and see how things will be and if i will choose yen over triss .
junior here me and a few of my pledge brothers were thinking about off-campus housing options for next year we 're the ones with cars and our pc is small .
there is one house that we 've had for a couple years that tends to get passed down within the frat but it 's kind of a shithole and you have to drive to get places 40 min walk to campus .
almost all of us did n't want to live there and the landlord for this place was pushing us to sign the least year in fucking september .
he kept saying we had 48 hrs or he would give it to others who had approached him '' we doubt that anyone had .
the asshole lied and said he had no other houses left to rent but we found out later he did have a few .
he knew no one else would rent it the guy was just trying to find any way to keep us in that craphole he literally told us that .
we desperately looked for other options but housing within walking distance to campus was filling up fast and we had no leads/information on available houses .
so we went ahead and signed because otherwise we feared not having any house for next year .
now a notice for a decent house right next to campus same amount of rooms was posted on the bulletin board in our fraternity house .
it 's an awesome option but it looks like we 're already stuck with this ass of a landlord out in the boonies .
a couple of us have talked about any way we could get out of it but i 'm guessing it 's likely not possible .
obviously our security deposit would be gone we just are pissed that the guy manipulated us into staying there when we did n't want to .
is there a way to interrupt a loop only if someone presses a key ?
or in other words is it possible to wait for input only a certain amount of time ?
has anyone seen a deck building app or card list app ?
got a free turkey while grocery shopping at winco i want to donate anyone know anywhere local i can donate too ?
a small issue is i 'm not free from work until 6pm
a group of friends and myself are putting together a budget build for a friend who 's new to california .
he 's been pc gaming for a few years but does n't have a pc at this time .
anywho the last thing we need is a case so i 'm just posting to see if anybody has one for sub 20 .
does n't matter what it looks like so long as it is n't an oem case .
obviously local deals are what i 'm looking for since shipping would cost more than the case .
i was becoming very sure in my identity but for the past few weeks i have only felt agender .
this has happened before and i always over think it and start thinking being genderfluid was all in my head .
like i was making it up to feel special or something .
i know what i felt when i was feeling it but now it does n't feel as real because i 'm not feeling it currently .
it 's like the longer i feel like the one gender the more the memories of changing genders feels like a dream .
have any of you guys ever felt like one gender for a long periods at a time weeks or months ?
and how do you keep from doubting yourself during that period ?
a year ago we started with newbies in punisher and inquisitor .
now we are fighting against the oppressors for freedom in the amarr minmatar area .
if you want a lot of content join siege green .
300b brawl in dal https br.inyour.space ? s=2541 b=7795920 e=230 t=fgqaafeeaqbaaaaaaaaaaqbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaae
this thread is a place to post any minor topics that do not quite deserve their own submission .
the daily post should be utilized for questions requests track id 's general discussion as well as being a place to have some casual banter with your fellow users .
or feel free to join our discord channel https discord.gg/skrillex for casual chat with other people
please keep the discussion civil and be sure to follow the subreddit rules at all times .
so this will either make perfect sense to you or will absolutely mean nothing depending on your relationship with podcasts
i recently went from '**having a few friends ' to '**absolutely never reaching out to anyone at all total yet happy isolation '
my theory is that the essential desire for human-contact can potentially be easily achieved by finding a really great podcast and feeling that just had a great conversation '' feeling of social bonding .
to those that do n't listen to podcasts it may seem impossible .
although daily listening amp getting to know '' the broadcasters feels very much like getting to know '' friends .
i 've found myself very happy amp never lonely despite my complete isolation from outside life .
some may see this as a possible cure for temporary loneliness .
in addition a way to feel even more involved '' in the podcast can actually be maximized by pausing the show amp fleshing out your own ideas vocally as if you are participating with them .
if even for the use as practice for real conversations .
i am basically here just looking to see if anyone has thought of this or see it now upon hearing this theory .
i do not believe total 'content isolation ' is healthy .
hi there i am from hong kong and i will be commencing my undergraduate course on feb2018 .
i do have some questions for my studies and other arrangements .
oshc is it better to stick with the one monash recommended allianz global assistance or should i get my own ?
seems that there are different companies that provide the service for telegraphic transfer what is the best way doing it ?
that 's the questions that i could think of for now thanks guys !
our discord is na pc concentrated community for destiny 2 players .
we 've received over 200 members and growing since release 3 days ago .
we want to continue to help it grow but we need your help keeping it active .
come reset day we expect it to be flooded with new members .
https i.imgur.com/jxdpej4.png please post any unjerk questions and discussions in this thread !
a fresh thread is posted every other day but older posts can be found here https www.reddit.com/r/gamingcirclejerk/search ? q=unjerk+thread sort=new restrict_sr=on !
any unjerk threads outside of this thread will be removed .
live chat join our discord server for multiple chat rooms !
i was wearing xl/xxl/xxxl for about as long as i care to remember .
this month i tried a few size mediums in a few different shops and they all fit perfectly .
even the size l stuff i have now looks like i 'm wearing a table cloth .
last week i went out for a friend 's party uptown wearing a brand new size medium button up shirt and it felt amazing .
i was out with friends who have only ever known me as big u/thewildbeard '' so for me to go out and just blend in as another slim dude in the crowd felt fucking astounding .
size medium it 's nice to meet you i hope we stay friends for a nice long time .
looking to decide what i want to main since i pretty much play everything and come from old blc days and played competitively .
people say supports are fewer in the scene but i see a ton .
starting a few days ago the ah interface has been giving me problems .
after typing 'h ' i have to wait anywhere from 10 to 30 seconds before the menus respond to mouse clicks .
after selecting a type selecting an item in the subtype menu will frequently jump back to all after displaying the selected subype for a split second .
i 've seen problem 1 on two different computers .
it 's not my internet connection i have a 100mbps service and the game shows my latency as 85ms and my framerate varies from 60 to 100fps .
i think the problems started after one of the recent updates .
physically receiving the postal vote in the mail and ticking a box .
i wanted to throw my vote in the bin .
everyone i ever met in my life friends family coworkers randoms from high school .
they all evaluated and judged my personal life with a fucking survey form .
and we all read some pretty damn ugly things .
and with the holidays fast approaching a lot of young people are going to have to see or visit family even after all those facebook posts .
i do n't even want to celebrate christmas this year .
i do n't know what to say but this whole situation was ugly alienating and stressful .
and even after the positive survey results i 'm still thinking about it in the middle of the night .
i just got a lg v30 and the charger it came with has an output of 9v at 1.8 amp and 5v at 1.8 amps .
can i use a charger that is rated at 9v at 1.67 amps and 5v at 2.0 amps ?
when i do it charges fine but runs hotter than the oem .
btw this charger i wan na ask about is from samsung .
i am aware that we also have players on the bethesda client though i would n't be surprised if there 's only 500 on there as well .
if the devs do n't their act together nobody is going to want to play this game when it releases in f2p as planned .
or at least there 'll only be a few new players only for it to die a slow death later on .
i 'm also starting to get fewer matches and longer waiting times and it 's making me wanting to drop the game as well australia server .
took my boy to the vet today for some shots and annual check up .
the first thing the vet asked was about diet .
once i said my dog was fed home prepared raw he went on about how raw diets do n't work and are unbalanced .
he then recommended i use a website run by his vet friend that pitches supplements .
our visit ended with him telling me how my dog is in perfect health great weight perfect teeth etc .
it 's getting difficult to trust any vet since they constantly shove products at me .
i came across a brass trunk with two drawers in a vintage store and while it looked identical to a number of the sarreid brass trunks that i 've seen there were no markings or other indications as to who manufactured .
absent such things is there any way to distinguish a sarreid from a knock-off ?
i 'm just a junior in high school now so it 's still far in the future but i 'm terrified of not fitting in as a male especially in college .
i 'm probably autistic i 'm a huge introvert i like my quiet time and i 'm sorta awkward .
the things going for me are that i can come across as very outgoing/funny when i need to be it just drains me and on a bad day i ca n't force myself to be outgoing and i 'm fairly empathetic .
i 'm ftm and as you would expect have a lot of anxiety and what ifs '' as i 'm getting closer to being able to medically transition .
one of my biggest fears is that while i 've always been able to make friends as a girl '' i wo n't be able to make friends as a male .
i was a fairly attractive girl and i think that may have contributed to people wanting to befriend me and i 'm worried that now i 'm going to be an average guy and since i 'm quiet no one will like me .
the other thing is i probably wo n't have a roommate so i will miss out on a lot of the typical social interactions college students may have as a result .
i want to transition so badly but my anxiety is killing me and i 'm terrified i 'll never fit in ...
has anyone had any experience making friends while being trans and introverted ?
hi ive got a scenario in my head for a hypnotist whose words can control both a persons mind and body .
hey all for sale is an old school mfp strider fixed blade .
it has been sharpened and can use another sharpening .
the two namekians are the last warriors of u6 .
what tricks do you think they have left or would they just prove to be fodder .
they did seem quite confident at the end of the last episode .
i can think of several possibilities some more likely than others .
they could fuse or turn 'super namekian ' or other generic power up.. maybe fused super namekian .
kefla has already done that trick to an extreme so i am hoping for something a little different .
common theory i feel this is quite unlikely but would be an interesting twist than having two more fodder characters .
likewise they could show piccolo a new technique allowing him to be more relevant .
they have dragonballs with them or the ability to create them .
this is probably the less likely or even expected option but potentially the most interesting twist and opens up many possible sub-plots .
i am certain zeno would find them cool and allow a wish to be granted .
cause who would n't want to see superman with a mustache .
so i am finishing up school in the spring .
to look better on applications i am having my criminal record expunged .
there is a dus charge from about 8 years ago .
i went to look at the clerk of courts website and i ca n't find the dui i got about 10 years ago .
i do n't know if i am looking in the wrong spot or not .
i did not play iw all that much but in bo3 treyarch added a ricochet feature that was activated after calling in a care package ... i had forgot all about it until a son of a bitch team killed me yesterday to get my care package ... shg needs to add this now ... and if iirc ... treyarch also had this for the start of rounds too ... they need to bring it back now
i ca n't seem to figure out if you get anything when you level up so i 'm not sure what the point of it is
so i 've been hearing the novel are a good read and some saying it 's better than the anime and i found out about sword art online progressive and i want to know ...
can read this without reading the original novels since i 've already seen the anime ?
need info on traveling to revelstoke for the first time ?
for new and experienced snowboarders with any questions at all about snowboarding including gear learning what to wear where to go what terminplogy is rad etc .
please ask questions in this thread and let the r/snowboarding community help out .
this is meant as a judgement-free and welcoming environment for noobs to ask any kind of question related to snowboarding no matter how dumb it may seem .
i 'm working on getting division mastery for all my divisions i got armored mountain and airborne so far so now i 'm working on infantry and expeditionary which both only need the special ability challenges .
the bayonet charge kills are tough since you have to be sprinting to initiate it and normally this puts you at a disadvantage on these maps .
what are your tips to get a good amount of bayonet charge kills per game without destroying my kd ?
so i was thinking about the deadly paladin/hexblade multiclass and was thinking about if it 's worth getting to 5 in paladin for extra attack which is normally considered the big power up .
now extra attack is definitely better in single target situations or when targets are spread out but i feel like there are more situations enemies are relatively close to one another .
1d8 cha 2 dueling cha gfb 2d8 gfb one to second creature which is on average 14 2*cha .
so for a sword and board hexblade paladin extra attack is n't that big of a deal .
even if you factor in a 1 weapon extra attack is still slightly worse .
i guess a benefit could be that you have twice as much of a chance to get a crit which means more as a paladin due to smite .
i just started ordering subs online and most of the times they were not made by the time i come to pick them up .
when asked about it the employees did n't even realize an order was placed .
i am not mad at the workers and actually feel for them because the line never seems to stop but i am still disappointed that my orders mostly get ignored .
from what i 've been told there is nothing to alert them of an online order so i still got ta ask and wait for it every time i come there defeating the point of online ordering .
it would be much appreciated by those of us who like to multitask especially with diesel being as unstable as it is .
plus it would n't even be that hard considering lgl added the same thing to raid on one of the last days for the beta .
so heres my idea theres a mob thats in water aggresive if you hit it .
when it attacks it throws air bubbles and you get knocked back .
if you feed it golden apple unenchanted it gets faster and a 5x5 area around it turns into air slowly beggining from its block like block by block every 2 seconds or so then the affect goes away and fish lives as normal again .
secondly how to tame the mob so that it follows you ?
we dont want random air bubbles in the water dont we ?
so we hold certain food maybe fish or gold fish ! ?
if you feed enough of that he follows you if you dont even hold the fish .
this could make a cool decoration thing like youre underwater and bunch of this mobs follow you around your underwater base !
and with the new trident we 'll be poseidon !
i am mining with 1080-r5 1600 these days and it 's pretty profitable due to 1080 's amazing power consumption .
but i want to know if there are any gpu 's better than 1080 and pay off itself in 4 months .
i have something like r9 290-290x cheap and profitable ?
or should i even jump in at mining with these cards ?
one of the best smokes i 've had in a long time .
was much sweeter and more floral than anything i 've smoked from them .
hey i am 49 range looking to level it quickly to 70 as i want to solo some bosses etc .
please check to make sure the name of who linked you this page is match perfect above .
please check the date on this rep page to see how long i have been trading
please do not delete this users may feel free to add any other rep here steamtrades.com r/sgs rep r/gcxrep etc but understand that the only fully accepted rep on r/indiegameswap is on igsrep .
traders may reject trades for any suspicion and should feel free to contact the mods for background checks http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/igsrep
this is a thread for simple or common training questions that do n't merit their own individual threads .
it also serves as a less intimidating way for new climbers to ask questions without worrying how it comes across .
looking to buy high level squids for in game items
it 's been planning to buy a pixel 2 xl when they were launched but decided to hold back when the problems started surfacing .
i 'm now trying to work out of the problems are significant or bring blown out of proportion .
do any of the reported issues affect and bother you ?
follow up question how does the display compare to a 6p ?
the thing is i do have got a nice and stout body with fats and muscles .
i workout occasionally from youtube tutorials as i can not afford the gym membership !
i tried having a proper proteinous diet followed by daily arm/legs workout but everything is same .
i feel so awkward to see board chests pretty good thigh but lean and thin arms whole hand and legs below knee .
something that bugged me as a ssf player in legacy was how impossible to was for me to reach the shaper .
at one point i had 3 characters and swimming in end game uniques problem was shaper was gated behind 100s of hours of grinding for sake of map drops only .
hardbinger fixed this with horizon and harbinger orbs but these are being removed and 32 extra maps added .
unless the map drop issue is specifically addressed only hardcore ssf players will ever see the shaper and full power '' elder in 3.1
is there a list of possible models or the most common models that vrdevice.model '' would list ?
unity documentation does n't seem to show this and my google-fu is failing
i‘m working on a house track i 'd like to spice up with a saxophone .
well actually it 's supposed to be the lead instrument .
so far i‘ve created the track using a free sax kontakt library but the sound of it is very electronic and far from authentic .
can anyone recommend a really good saxophone/sax-containing brass library which has realistic-sounding instruments ?
i don‘t intend to spend much more than 100 max .
my employer participates in adopt a family every year .
we raise money for general stuff as well a gift from their wish list .
this year i pickup a tag for a 13 year old boy who wants anime toys '' .
i 'm personally a fan of anime and have several figures but i 'm not sure what the younger viewers like .
my local best buy has nendroids naruto botw link tracer last i checked .
there 's also a shop at my local mall that had second hand figures but their stock is always rotating .
hey folks i 'm a kinda smart relatively normal very attractive unusually horny guy looking to find a girl who likes banter and talking about what turns her on .
hopefully she also is available wearing something sexy and likes knowing that she 's torturing a guy who does n't want to think about work in a few hours..
i have a huge soft spot for lingerie and talking about ways we could tease each other the slower the better .
not really a rp person just want to have a fun chat some good banter and ideally help you cum 4-5 times after a long week .
i mean sure they are n't knights and i want more knights as much as the next guy but why do people dislike the romans ?
i mean lore wise the romans fighting alongside the knights makes sense for they share the same language use the symbols and myth-inspired ornaments and iron legion of ashfeld claim that they themselves are descended from the empire of centurions .
i 'm sure many others voiced their opinion on this matter but i still ca n't believe that konami did n't fix this issue ?
why should it take weeks for someone to get a card they want and all they see are cards they already have 3 of ?
konami wants us to play more which is why they wont change it i understand that but they need to start respecting our time .
not every player has 24 hours and 7 days a week to grind the game .
a friend of mine is looking for a car driving job preferably in south bangaluru hyderabad chennai but is fine anywhere in india .
are there any sites where i can find the info..
if there are any car driver recruiter contact info. please share the contact .
oh dude these glaives been killin ' em daemons how good they are fighting over 10 years non stop .
i hate how they avoid to get kind of more emotional .
plus comrades ending itself lacks of explaining or sense .
the only thing i got from that ending is hate to gentiana .
she needs to talk more than she has ever done in the main game right into our glaive 's dlc .
she had no relevance there just making libertus shut up and talking to noct like haha we 'll meet later hun ''
so yesterday i was posyed standing with my back against a large tree about 4 foot diameter overlooking a small flood plain .
and out of nowhere i hear what sounds like someone standing on the opposite side of the tree taking a piss for about 3-4 seconds and it spooked the absolute shit out of me .
i slowly peek my head around the tree expecting to see a doe or something that somehow snuck up on me .
so i 'm thinking there was maybe small animal in the tree that was peeing .
has anyone heard this or know what it could be ?
that whole section of the movie felt so out of place with the bad green screen and cg fields .
i feel it could have conveyed the same point by having thor and loki find odin in an alleyway going into a dream sequence with the field then coming back to the alley when odin dies to fight hella .
i loved the movie but that whole section just stunk of reshoots and could have been handled better
i 'm sorry for posting another vma help question but i 'm quite desperate after dying 100 times to the cg 's fire breath and have n't been able to find a solid answer anywhere .
i 'm stuck trying to consistently get to the crystal stage in the final boss of vma .
i 'm a 380cp pet sorc using alcast 's cwc build .
i 'm trying to nail down a strategy for killing the cg after the boss teleports and i wanted to ask you vma veterans for some advice
should i drop dots and spam harness magicka whilst he breathes fire or rather try circle him as melee builds often do ?
and should i focus on the healer after the teleport or the boss ?
hi all just got a note 8 and i 'm sick of the hidden navigation bar on the bottom since i use the back button a lot .
is there a way to always unhide the navigation bar ?
man i miss the physical buttons on my note 4 .
for those of us who are in the position of going home instead of having the home to go to we have to make a choice deal with the reality or hope that things will be different this time around .
but if change is impossible at the present moment—sometimes it 's not hard to tell when it is—then it 's important to acknowledge that somehow and not feel like a failure about it .
from choosing to spend the holidays away from family can be an act of love https jezebel.com/5695132/choosing-to-spend-the-holidays-away-from-family-can-be-an-act-of-love content warning jezebel
hello everyone so i 'm playing on sw bf 2 on pc and each time i launch the game i have the load screen and then a screen with 0 installation where i only can play starkiller arcade game .
it says me to wait until the installation is over but it never happend .
to play i have to close and lauch the game barely 10 times a raw until it works .
i 'm actually someone who whenever starting a playsession sits back and listens to the background music in the title screen to actually get into the right mindset .
it also helps that most jrpgs tend to have very very memorable title tracks that i could just listen to for hours .
i think the first jrpg that i totally fell in love with a title screen track was secret of mana followed by the magnificent terranigma.does anyone else feel as strongly for title themes ?
i 'm a mostly casual player and my dads starting to get into magic .
like before when we played it was with my cards and mostly duel decks so it was almost always fair between the decks .
anyways my dad decided to by himself the ixalan deck builders tool kits so he could have his own cards .
so he bought the planes walker deck for them and combined it with the dinos from the tool kit .
so i decided to put to gather my old m13 tool kit the best i could wich was n't to hard because that 's when i started so almost all my innistrad or m13 cards were from it .
i also added in a bulk rare for each color since i 'm missing most of the rares from it .
since i no longer have alot of the rares from it and the new tool kits have a rare for each color .
i 've had fun with it because i really enjoy the innistrad cards and it 's cool using some of my first cards .
the 2 decks i 've played the most from it are black white flyers and removal and red black vampires .
the only problem is my dad is still losing most of the games and is frustrated .
how can i build a fair deck to play against his cards ?
were thinking about splitting a booster battle pack but we both would like to be able to play with our other cards as well .
the raid bosses really appreciated the farming i did for them .
the only trick is the rebellion using a model 's pretty face to manipulate people for their terrorist cause .
the image is the cube that you see in every kingdom of the game .
the text best i can tell is simply gibberish .
in a way it reminds of what an executable file looks like when you attempt to open it in a text editor .
exodus 21:20-21 nasb 20 if a man strikes his male or female slave with a rod and he dies at his hand he shall be punished .
21 if however he survives a day or two no vengeance shall be taken for he is his property .
was that the exodus text you had in mind ?
the result of the renaissance and the enlightenment was almost anything but biblical and opposed it greatly in many respects .
western culture to a high degree is about getting rid of the biblical notions cosmology world view and morality .
slavery is a good example but you know that the movement to end slavery emerged out of christianity too ?
they also used the bible to justify the end of slavery i.e .
if christians were involved in abolition is was mainly because of the new ideas of the enlightenment .
the bible itself has little to say about abolition .
i only sets out rules how to enslave and how to treat slaves you may beat them but it should not lead to death .
so christianity is n't some monolithic bad force in the world .
a lot of the greatest social reformers have been christians .
i even acknowledge that many good ideas came from christians .
the golden rule for instance is in some fashion to be found in any other culture as well .
all cultures care for their loved ones and fellow humans .
i farm ruby becos i want step up but my key 700 now left 300
they also complained that daredevil was setting unrealistic expectations for the blind community
thanks for the input and glad you enjoyed it d honestly means alot !
this is getting pretty ridiculous even we did get some genuine leaks now not to the extent of lads obviously we probably would n't even believe it anymore due to basically over 50 people making up fake leaks that are fan fiction
at the moment im only making sketches in order to practice my character creation .
i root for the golden bears 51 weeks a year .
the activities the girls are doing generally require more flexibility guys are mostly running .
also if you have guys wear pants that short and tight it hurts you get graphic outlines and sometimes things hang out .
also given the choice most people will probably choose the way it already is .
use the code ibbogo to save 50 on all products through the month of november .
red hulu red bali white bali yellow vietnam gold bali 15 100g with code
green horn and red white green and gold maeng da strains 15.50 100g with code
special ib blends yellow brick road the bulgarian and solar flare 16 100g with code
please feel free to email us with any questions or comments at info inlandbotanicalsllc.com
thanks for taking the time to check us out and have a wonderful weekend !
with the provisions given in that op i would believe that some being exists and has those abilities .
that does n't necessarily means it matches the description of god s from any particular religion .
wait i just checked that thread and he edited in 'he shows you that everything in the bible is true ' i do n't remember that being there before lol
anyway my point still stands just because something has extreme powers does n't necessarily mean that it has other powers commonly attributed to gods or that this being created the universe or whatever .
it does not include the ages and genders of those involved .
if you feel you are receiving this message in error or are confused please contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frelationships subject=submission+removed+for+no+ages genders or+length message=my+post+can+be+found+at https www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/7dy4r8/why_is_my_name_part_of_a_porn_star and explain your problem .
you must make suitable edits to ensure that the submission complies to all the rules listed in the sidebar and in the wiki r/relationships/wiki/index wiki_about_.2fr.2frelationships relevant for mobile users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationships if you have any questions or concerns .
i put a k n washable cabin air filter in my tacoma does that mean my lungs are going to need to be replaced soon ?
well said. but trust me if i shared the pushback i get from posting that this guy is a bullshit artist youd be amazed how they defend him .
if she treats everyone else like she treated you just imagine what that poor boy endures when there 's nobody else for her to abuse .
all the chatter here planting seeds of inception in my brain about nice black man curtis ' inevitable tragic death .
only a narcissist would be on baby daddy number three without ever stopping to think of the repercussions of her actions .
she has done so much damage to isaac and it shows !
oh and now she 's parading around with girlfriends bc having a third baby with a stranger was n't confusing enough for her two boys .
i just used that text bot from another thread that sends faxes for you to your representatives.super easy and worth it
i 've watched the videos of her in the elevator and it 's super peculiar .
and i ca n't imagine how people felt using that water knowing that someone was decomposing in there
i agree in that it should be an option perhaps including for normal relays .
since the game seems to think that loading in the wukong-with-as-many-detailed-cosmetics-as-possible across the room is drastically more important than me talking to simaris/baro/the ducat kiosk .
falchion reciprocal aid/ardent sacrifice i have ardent whatever special moonbow whatever in your a-slot i have fury 3 but do n't use it for tt renewal 3 breath of life 3 and breath of life seal .
granted i use lucina except aether instead of moonbow for this build but ... they 're essentially the same .
honestly this was funny to me at first but quickly became the most cringe-worthy date story i 've ever and may ever hear in my life .
funny to look back at now i 'm sure !
i read somewhere that they were shipping 14 million copies .
but thats not indicative of sales however it is indicative of their projected sales
i work at a place here in town called westridge wash and lube .
we are n't the cheapest but if you bring your own oil and filter we do it for 27.99 i believe .
we check your tires and filters and top off all your fluids .
it 's always way cheaper to do it yourself but we have a 5 off coupon online you can show us and we give you a 7 carwash with the oil change .
guy crossing the screen holding his phone strait up and down ... 😤
why is that cheating but literally any other mechanical assist gears brakes dropper post is n't ?
right here bro that was such a great win once again .
i 'm so happy made me forget about being sick for a few !
what a great team effor ugh i love our celtics
it 's not a huge percentage but it is a highly sizeable chunk that will make a massive difference if you 're pressed for space .
and earlier today i ran out of ram and needed to shut things down and clear things out .
i 'm not the person you should be asking that question because i consistently try to use more than i have .
speak for yourself most of reddit is not american !
packed with nutrients and good source of calories carbs brown rice fat avocado and fiber carrot celery seaweed .
you get a filling meal that 's quick and easy to pick up grocery store costs the same as fast food but more filling does n't leave crumbs and wo n't make your car smell like grease wo n't upset your stomach easy to pass wo n't give you hemorrhoids like eating a bunch of beef jerky would .
i just eat a couple rolls before leaving the house to give me a boost of energy but i could see having some in a cooler on a long trip if i did n't want to stop for meals .
since its just veggies it would keep ok for a day or so in a cooler with ice .
i reset my oc down to a mobo auto oc to troubleshoot an issue .
have n't had the energy to oc and then verify that oc yet .
edit again ... the abyssals have a hard-on for her booty at this point .
i do n't know much about robots or uav 's .
my understanding is that uav 's are launched by ground forces and once launched are flown remotely by human pilots via some sort of satellite link .
i do n't think that really qualifies as robotic . ''
my mom told me she knew i would be an academic or something like it when i was a kid .
i was an extremely curious intelligent and observant child .
i 'm in college now and my life goal is to be in the fbi .
likewise the ban they gave him is 3x longer then the one they give throwers .
and as an even bigger insult they banned xqc in under 24h when in some cases it takes months for someone actually throwing to get banned for 1/3 the time .
if we 're bringing time travel into this it kind of makes sense ...
listen i do n't know politics or anything right .
i am not nearly as educated as you sound but all i know is that the state trooper did the right thing .
it 's like he 's trying really hard to look sincere all the time .
i looked at some older pics of the actor from when he was a model and it seems like that 's just his i 'm being serious '' face .
the beard definitely covered it up p i still like frank and think he 's a cutie but he was definitely cuter with a beard and him having facial hair just happened to coincide with a time when his character was stronger and more charismatic overall .
just like pavelski gloved in that goal in the playoffs against nashville then it got overturned for goaltender interference
hilarious that i 'm getting down voted by fools who 've never done research .
anyway to answer your question not everyone research has novelty nowadays .
majority of phds in malaysia are done via case study .
students go collect data run the data through some mathematical modelling/simulation/algorithm and plot results .
because they introduced and achieved ssb so quickly i feel like ssg is unnecessary
it 'll probably just be us throwing down a 30 pack and working on it unless we can find something more legit haha .
i 'll edit the post with the spot we decide on meeting up once we figure it out !
surely we get an extra challenge now.. so 2 because reasons .
i think the appropriate couple is for each person and each couple by extension to have only one child .
i view this as superior to the smart and moral ones having no kids and ending their own genetic lines while promoting the genetic lines of those who do n't see past immediate gratification .
we should also increase access to abortion to make it easier not to bring in accidental children who will not have good lives .
you have 4 1-drops also ... . not including lost jungle ...
i 'd watch a 2yr old play this deck lol .
our d line is trash but its been better past couple weeks .
they did jack shit today but its not far from what they have been all year .
i think your boyfriend broke up with you bc he is insecure and crazy .
disabilities are a handful and sometimes the impact a disability has on someone 's life is too much for the partner to handle .
it sounds more like he really does n't understand what social anxiety is or what it means to have it .
there are men out there who do know what social anxiety is and who wo n't force you outside your comfort zone .
you want to be in your best mental health so you can meet them .
once you get the right med and dosage it 's like this freedom and you will never understand why you put up with feeling like shit for so long .
lol just found this gem on the main got ta laugh in bad times
having a community built on vision and generosity rather than censorship and deceit is a good start .
that 's why i have gravitated to sashimi i do n't like the rice either .
my new absolute favorite thing in the world is chirashi bowls .
she pass away due to traffic accident 6 years ago .
pretty sure that 's what they say even in fiction before they get wiped out of existence
i 'm the same but i 'm just waiting for the meta to become as interesting as it was during patron .
do n't think i 'll ever see it again .
actually we do use paprika in a slang term for vagina in a funny flirty way .
started by reading cyberstorm by mather then extended power outage from a hurricane a few years ago .
i would have put money on a pressure washer getting it off .
i have got 2 lengendary and 2 epic boats after the update .
her fanbase is almost exclusively upper middle class white democrats and their normal middle class female fans which is why im absolutely baffled that she did this .
shes pissed off literally every demographic in america now .
its like if trump held a press conference to reveal that he got fuck coal and open borders now on his asscheeks .
when goku goes ui it 's just a beatdown and that 's it .
meanwhile in a different series they develop new techniques and use strategy to beat someone .
the new techniques '' recently have just been i get stronger end of story . ''
characters like gotenks were creating moves on the fly or doing goofy techniques to beat someone .
also goku 's personality is different when he 's in ui so it 's just mindless punches being thrown at each other .
you keep saying your logic '' but that 's really not how i view it .
we all knew naruto was going to be the hokage i still got excited in the first part of the series because of the way things were written executed .
i think you 're just downplaying my opinions in an attempt to make me sound wrong which brings me back to asking why bother replying to me ?
we are all fluctuation of the rivers on this blessed day .
are you indian or a rich white guy from the 40s ?
fish levels are just indicators high or low number do not guarantee bad or good behavior always look at real activity before jumping to conclusions .
many scoring rules have a max score typically plus or minus 300 .
your profile and flair was refreshed as a result of submitting to the subreddit .
the report is generated automatically and may be incorrect .
if your pizza count/flair is incorrect contact moderators to have it fixed .
practical bot examples https www.reddit.com/r/random_acts_of_pizza/wiki/howto_bot and command reference https www.reddit.com/r/random_acts_of_pizza/wiki/bot_reference
for much the same reason as fruit juice is unhealthy .
geez all you do is nag nag nag about wyomnig nog .
still one of the best games in recent ua history .
it 's all bullshit and your opinion is obviously wrong .
if we can beat buddy twice i 'm not too worried about trae young
we do n't know how long the game has been in development for .
at the very least they probably got a dev kit around the same time as the first nx '' rumors started spreading for all we know it could 've had development started on the wii u and it got changed over to the switch .
that was one of the greatest moments i 've ever seen live .
from the air going out of the stadium to absolute jubilation .
that and the ghana match in 2014 are the only two competitive us matches i 've seen live and he 's provided the highlight of both of them .
the point is you do n't know what you are talking about .
loot boxes have little to no benefit that someone playing the game casually for a couple of days can get the same thing .
weapons and their mods can only be unlocked by playing the game and making achievements .
now that everyone has been proven wrong they are falling back to other reasons they hate ea .
what find funny in all this is rockstar and valve have actually implemented predatory gambling/pay to win .
this might be over the top but can you suggest a way to stay organized that worked for you ?
like i said in my post i am coming from a non-target school and was not recruited at all they hired me due to an unforeseen need .
since tamusa is like seven years old or something the alumni network is going to be much smaller than utsa 's .
maybe it 's the shit tickrate maybe it 's the laughable meta maybe it 's putting a pug and pitting them up against a stack that has won flawlessly
i 'd be fine if it was pick up group vs another pick up group but the mm is shit undeniable .
2 years ago i got on and everyone was flying and knifing each other with new super hacks .
another woman called yesterday claimed that she the daughter of one of the women and tried debating over the phone that they did n't do nothing wrong '' .
you could try sanding the bit that 's indented .
however as far as fixing it i 'm not sure that 's possible .
in all seriousness this is where labels are good .
find your favourite artists track down the labels they 've been on and send them your stuff .
just make sure you approach it in a way that is n't obnoxious the music should speak for itself .
there was a recent case of an artist sending his music to multiple labels and trying to have the same album released on all the labels that accepted it .
needless to say the labels were pissed when they found out he had n't told them this was the plan and the guy embarrassed himself in the most epic way possible .
pay around 400,000w or 380 a month for a one room apartment .
about to move into a loft 10 minutes walk from gwangali beach for about 510,000w a month or like 470 dollars-ish .
can we sticky this comment so people stop asking about all the trash ?
it 's a fun platinum to get as well .
i want the fight scenes to be as terrifying as the first one in bvs and see him move like in the opening fight of jl .
the way he leapt around with the bad guy desperately trying to shoot him but only seeing a corner of his cape ... i loved that .
use the media creation tool to download the iso and install it onto the usb device .
this should tell you everything you need to know .
i wish my relationship was as strong as those wheel hubs .
they have to be an individual and when it comes to gender that means mixing them up to include multiple traits instead of just the traditional stereotypes .
this is now the third time i have had to go through this same exact question .
you are saying that 'to be an individual ' i need to mix them up . ''
any character is not 'mixed up ' is therefore not an individual ?
a character such as the one i just described to you who lifts weights and works in a very masculine profession and does n't really like smalltalk and sees little point in showing his emotions '' is therefore not an individual ?
my dad worked for the indian health service and one patient from a tribe around the roanoke area said there was no mystery the people went to live with the indians .
i would start with asking for a low fade '' which is an actual description .
personally i prefer high fades but its safer to go conservative first to see how you feel .
gel will give you a wet and clumped look .
i 've bought twice from vuugo and picked it up at the office .
they do charge 2 for pick up which makes no sense .
on top of that they will charge you shipping insurance '' even with pickup unless you uncheck the box at checkout .
i told them when i went to pick it up and they said they would refund it but it never happened .
just a heads up if you are in the area and choose to pick up .
oh that 's taking into account my comment karma .
i was strictly looking to pass ten thousand posts karma for my account .
after getting back to brazil i got post finely shitting and tottaly not anymore stress disorder
it was a bang bang play and if you look it was his shoulder that made contact .
it would 've been impossible for him to turn away from the receiver i do n't know what else you can expect when the receiver changed direction
i think i was only focused on trying to convey the impact that time had passed and had n't considered how to bring that matter across more realistically or delicately .
will try to work your feedback in when i do a second draft of this story !
eventually the needle teeth get replaced by bigger duller teeth and they learn about pressure and self control .
to add a more general rule if they 're younger than half your age plus seven as in age/2 7 not age+7 2 then it 's most likely pushing it or too much .
23/2 is 11.5 7 gives us 18 rounding up .
i personally would wait that month mostly for legal reasons .
they are intended to do a task and return data if needed .
having them talk to each other will cause problems such as race conditions and what not .
does mana echoes add the mana equal to the number of creatures that shared a type when it was triggered rather than how many share a type when it resolves ?
now that she has no fucks to give i welcome this version .
would n't mind exploring other options if it continues .
google having your search data everyone having your search data after yahoo gets hacked
saw the first word and hoped it was the stephen a quote
exactly just because someone has a shtick does n't automatically make it entertaining
i also do n't think its actually part of the character i think fans just use it as an excuse for poor songwriting .
i do n't really understand what how bad songwriting connects with poppy. i wish she put as much effort into songwriting as she does her aesthetic .
time to b turn the second wind on let 's go .
to my best understanding dogs have poor eyesight but an incredible nose memory .
they remember the smells of things more then the sight .
nah russ aka frodo baggins is a corny ass bum for that
bullshit they 'd smash the majority of them except for maybe aus eng and nz ...
i would even argue that kefla was stronger and faster than ui goku .
ui goku just means perfection in skills instinct so he 's more efficient and effective in fighting
sure they are great cars but not so many of them .
so it would fit right in with most of the other films ?
he 's surprisingly calm because he knows where you sleep and he 'll be meowing for more food 15 minutes after you feel asleep even though his dish is more than half full ...
i was intrigued by the picture and was confused by the rest .
i he had also drawn tear drops coming out of his eyes but i blacked that out to hide his face better .
seems like that bitch sally needs to have her fingers in every pot to make sure she 's not just remembered as that girlfriend dad had that one time .
send out the save the dates and do n't send her one .
this subreddit is the shotposting 1 of future classic players do n't spout bullshit .
the improving of classic wow 's specs is over 50 on the official wow forums .
your bandwagon fallacies are just as retarded as op 's own .
the facts as we know them is that blizzard wants to classic experience in terms of mechanics and community .
vanilla is vanilla in the ways of community '' is the full quote .
do n't circle jerk to the out of context quote lest you become the same people that argue for lfr .
tl dr quit your bullshit not even blizzard knows what changes they could make if any .
honestly the cosmetics only '' excuse seems to be little more than a line from publishers which has been well-received by fans than an actually decent practice .
it appeals to the hardcore gamers thst are the loudest in forums who are always posturing to be the most serious gamers and as a result rush to point out how hardcore they are because they totally do n't care about silly items that do n't affect the game '' while they quietly feed money into overwatch hoping for that new mercy skin .
people have the memory of goldfish and forget that 10 years ago cosmetics were and are content in a lot of games .
there 's a reason why everyone in wow fucking hated bc-era armor and why wotlk was careful to keep armor sets more sensible .
and just generally it 's a shame and it diminishes the entertainment value of a game for the majority of the cool and interesting skins to come out on a store .
gw2 is a prime offender due to the sheer volume of work that goes into gem store cosmetics and the importance of fashion wars as an endgame element .
my favorite looking medium armor set for example is just the magitech armor .
i did nothing interesting for it except open a daily reward box every day until i had enough gold to convert to gems and buy it .
meanwhile back in my eq heyday i would proudly levitate in pot with a skeleton illusion and people would turn their heads because magicians do n't have levitation or illusion spells .
they were clear indicators that i had managed to grind quillmane for a pegasus feather cloak and that i very heavily participated in a particularly memorable halloween event .
those are the kinds of memories of games that still stick with me well over 10 years on .
i miss the days where the most interesting cosmetic stuff were items that had stories and challenge attached to them .
these days it tends to be found in a store where your biggest challenge is trying to find the right credit card .
false a group of people are trying people is plural .
reference to the members of the group https english.stackexchange.com/questions/39838/is-group-singular-or-plural as people .
your stats are solid enough for top 40 schools but not slam-dunk level either .
i 'd imagine it will all depend on your essays since your ecs seem to be strong but not outstanding .
anyone can slay a powercreeped unit with enough investment into a specific unit to give them the proper tools to kill said unit .
theonetar did a livestream of this game the other day too .
it looks a lot simpler than la granja no fiesta and octodice and roll through the ages so i 'm not sure if i want it .
it reminds me a lot of like rolling japan/america .
i was on a long hiatus for the manga too many series to follow working life and now catching up again .
i was quite sad they ended up skipping the rest of the capturing girls ' arcs i really wanted to see tsukiyo 's and goidou 's arcs animated it would have been extremely beautiful .
at this point in time shiori 's animated arc is my favourite .
the anime captured a great deal of the manga 's feelings .
and the selection of seiyuu could not have been better .
i mean who does n't want companionship and someone to share their experiences with ?
personally however i do n't think you should rush into anything especially now because from what your saying it sounds like your struggling with an internal battle .
i think it 's very important to focus on yourself currently rather than pursuing someone else .
it 's always important to explore how to become better and what you want/need in a significant other .
being a freshman this is a real ideal time for that .
try to make genuine friendships first and work towards your goals .
when you find yourself in a better headspace with more confidence then date someone !
since 4 16 ≡ 1 mod 17 fermat 's little theorem then
and 17×19=323 so i 'll let you continue from here .
and yes those are all reasonable calculations by hand use long division to get 10 12 mod 19 or 4096 mod 17
and i do n't think tsm is done with sven just probably trying to find a change of pace sub .
if you 're planning on playing in bo5 's i think skt showed everybody at worlds this year that jungle is the most impactful place to have a sub sit out and watch for the first couple of games
they were based out of louisiana and as it turns out those engines were n't the best for fracking .
unless there 's another company that picked up that tech .
make the other guy think you 're crazy enough and eventually they 'll surrender .
you might also need to put a limit on the amount a keeper can be sold for otherwise that puts far too much power in the hands of the guy with 4 keepers .
i was kind of bummed namjoon did n't mention unicef when he was asked what set them apart from previous boybands but i did n't want to criticise him .
and more importantly i did n't dare hope an interviewer would do their research .
especially into a group of young asian males doing pop music in the us .
i was wrong and hopefully other interviewers follow suit .
the world is changing and it 's a great time to be alive .
we 've had nazis at uni for a long time we call them young libs ... s
ok i 've got glove on him now maybe it 's because he had an all attributes card on when i bought him ?
you 're saying that as if they would get rid of the fire engine and replace it with an ambulance .
what would really happen is that the engine would sit in the bay those 4 firefighters would continue working out or playing video games all while you had two transport capable als units out on a call for one cardiac arrest .
so you 'd rather have firefighters do less work and put another ems resource to work rather than just admit that firefighters can be useful during cardiac arrests ?
y'all need to really get over your hate-boner for firefighters pumping chest and ventilating is perfectly within their scope they 're emt-bs .
when the system is transparent by default it is a flaw and it is a big flaw .
if it is not fungible it will not work correctly .
monero has privacy by default and disclosure as an option .
seriously performing stan and love the way you lie and not a new single ?
moreover the star wars franchise also has a large following of kids .
if your message to children are why work hard ?
spend to get ahead you are then sending a totally wrong and probably harmful message to them .
that does n't mean if its ok for me means its ok for everyone '' .
so just because its ok for you does n't mean it 's ok for us .
we are not sorry that our collective voice means that you ca n't spend your to get ahead .
too bad cos we care more than you do .
might help to full-screen it ... it 's kind of tiny probably intentionally so .
a chance that 80 of all europe are not native english speaker ...
10 seconds is a 1/3 of the way to mars .
i world expect that the alberta party would draw from both ndp and ucp supporters .
if they do enough to appeal to both directions they could pull off an unexpected upset or at least pick up more seats
on the day obama dies they 'll blame him for not dying faster
well there was ... you know ... the apple ... no you 're right
it basically reduces the amount of blue light that 's displayed by the display when the ambient lighting is low .
blue light can interrupt sleep patterns and is generally bad for your eyes in low light .
my wife got a pixel online as part of a bf deal and it came in the mail in a couple of days .
ca n't say for in-store but the online deal was great .
the downtown sfu library in the same complex treats them better .
on several occasions the librarian told some men from the streets that they are welcome to sit in the library and read but the computer lab is reserved for students only
what kind of fish is made of only 2 sodium atoms ?
i got up late and i am confused now .
being able to track the thief is the easy part .
going to his turf to demand your phone back is the dangerous part .
i used to have that problem with my old computer .
if lv works fine your lens could be front or back focusing .
i am glad you failed and i sincerely hope you are doing better these days .
the hog is just lvl 7 imagine being nearly max
im not sure about 'android system ' but apart from that every app i have encountered you can set priority to 0 and the app wont show notifications ...
maybe not a carrot on a stick but most games need linear accomplishments to keep them interesting .
it does n't have to be a grind though .
it was like starting a game finding the top tier armor then just picking which end boss to fight .
lol it 's our own fault em never said he was releasing an album this weekend it was a rumour that most of us believed .
just stop believing everything out there until it comes from eminem or his label .
well there are other studies that link personality types to intelligence though i do n't think anyone doubts those correlations exist .
they want a specific set of regulations and patent laws that allow them to keep competitors out .
when adjusted for race taking only whites into account gun violence in the us is on the same level as in western europe .
turns out to be best coach in the history of college athletics .
the gruden stone wins 7 championships in a row before getting the vols promoted to t he nfl where they win 6 straight super bowls causing the collapse of nfl parity and forcing everyone to start watching baseball again .
gruden stone becomes most successful coach in the history of sports .
do you own more than 2 games or have you just gotten into the hobby this year ?
considering that the iphone 7 running ios 10 consistently beat the note 8 in these same type of tests you 're probably very wrong .
game is lying to us during an event or this bugged ?
if you buy enough of them they 'll sell you just about any color ...
also i always throw as many efficiency 1 modules in miners/pumpjacks as possible .
if i recall correctly pumpjacks have 2 module slots which means a 60 decrease in energy consumption .
i was disappointed when it was over just because it was over lol
hard to pick up in this video but he was saying she 's saving you '' towards the end because draymond didnt agree with the call .
i mean hopefully everyone in your pod is n't a complete ape .
i 'm not going to compare the two but katara could n't be bloodbended because of how powerful of a bender she was so maybe the metal could n't be manipulated by another source attempting to bend it because she has just as much control over the metal .
likewise picking up that metal would involve picking up suyin all while in-battle with each other which does n't seem plausible .
fully expected an explosive inferno there when the fuel/oxidiser spilled out .
gd saw someone post about a month ago about buying a dozen topys on ebay/amazon for under 20 or any quantity for just a couple bucks a pair .
im having trouble finding that kind of awesome deal .
anyone wan na give me tips or find me a link lol
and like the fallacy that would prohibit a white male from being an effective advocate for african american poverty issues or a rich business owner from being a good minister for labour or a billionaire from being an altruist looking to invest in poverty reduction in the third world so too is a previously poor person not necessarily a good minister for poverty reduction .
last time i checked they were n't any the same games ran slower on w10 the game mode is buggy and there is many issue with drivers .
i 'm still waiting to see a killer game in dx12 .
yeah just looking through the comments in threads from a little over a year ago you can feel a totally different atmosphere .
maybe i 'm misremembering but i feel like i used to see a lot more level headed discussion going on between people from all over the political spectrum .
nowadays i often see highly upvoted extreme generalizations about the left that used to get called out as much as the same comments about the right would .
i think the election just pushed a lot of people to one extreme or the other in seemingly every corner of the internet .
edit just realized this thread is 3 days old p
it 's a chocolate covered marshmallow treat how about you calm down .
my buddy died last week and i sure as shit wish someone had snitched on that dealer .
yeah the game runs like total shit now cities are even laggier and looting bodies causes the game to shit itself
i get what you 're saying and agree with people blatantly stealing pets instead of trying to find an owner first is shitty but cats are n't meant to be outside .
hating people for not giving cats freedom '' is dumb you 're putting your cat in danger every time you let them outside if you ca n't spend some time a day to mentally stimulate your cat then maybe you should rethink owning a cat .
you can always join me when i 'm rifting if your level 1 or just need to run with me .
join my game when i 'm playing it 's disabled when i 'm farming gr 's
if you love everything done by bjork then its your problem .
im a kind of demanding person and its hard to make me satisfied .
as i said maybe it will grow on me later but now this is like opinion after first listen finished 6th listen and i dont like the new album only 3 or 4 tracks are very good with 'sue me ' on top and this is not a good score .
thats fine i respect that but i dont like it and you should respect that either and deal with it .
it 's rather easy but at the same time you 're only one out of twenty on your team so there 's not much you can do on your own .
anyone else bored to death by the first 4 episodes ?
i just finished episode 5 and finally things are picking up .
i 've heard of them and never once have i seen anyone denied a return that did n't have an excessive return history .
i went through a string of bad items and was afraid that i 'd get warned but as it turns out the policy really does n't affect anyone but serial returners .
defective items are covered by a warranty which is required this must be the federal law you refer to .
in this instance best buy as the merchant is not required to act as the manufacturer and provide warranty support beyond the return/exchange period .
keith lee vs. jeff cobb limitless wrestling pwg beyond wrestling evolve http www.youtube.com/watch ? v=u_c1eq9lwug 13 https www.reddit.com/r/njpw/comments/7dy9oc/_/dq17eze ? context=10 dq17eze it 's cobb not cobbs .
if you 've ever watched lucha underground he 's the monster matanza cueto .
if you like jeff cobb check out keith lee also .
lucha underground 6/3/16 cage vs matanza lucha underground championship http www.youtube.com/watch ? v=tkf_u8khvnc 6 https www.reddit.com/r/njpw/comments/7dy9oc/_/dq1e5r1 ? context=10 dq1e5r1 for me his best match was as matanza vs cage in lucha underground
lucha underground matanza unleashed highspots http www.youtube.com/watch ? v=2zzfn5dftu8 2 https www.reddit.com/r/njpw/comments/7dy9oc/_/dq17cox ? context=10 dq17cox jeff cobb is amazing .
jeff cobb vs zack sabre jr. rev pro uprising 2016 http www.youtube.com/watch ? v=smbfldaozxe 1 https www.reddit.com/r/njpw/comments/7dy9oc/_/dq1en6s ? context=10 dq1en6s he also is in rev pro wrestling this is his first match vs zsj .
athletic '' jeff cobb http www.youtube.com/watch ? v=eg13i7kesvc 1 https www.reddit.com/r/njpw/comments/7dy9oc/_/dq1eosf ? context=10 dq1eosf heres an interview he did with alicia from amby .
gives you an idea of his personality outside of the circle
jeff cobb ep 355 aow podcast w colt cabana http www.youtube.com/watch ? v=_z-wbe7i8ls 1 https www.reddit.com/r/njpw/comments/7dy9oc/_/dq1rsxz ? context=10 dq1rsxz check out his appearance on the art of wrestling podcast .
i 'm a bot working hard to help redditors find related videos to watch .
i 'll keep this updated as long as i can .
play all http subtletv.com/_r7dy9oc ? feature=playlist ftrlnk=1 info https np.reddit.com/r/subtletv/wiki/mentioned_videos get me on chrome https chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf firefox https addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/mentioned-videos-for-reddit
this is not meant to be such a toxic place .
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
still ca n't believe they pulled off the win tonight .
they ought to send the game ball back to utah with kyle whittingham for calling that timeout at the end of the game .
sometimes a few orgasms can make him seem not so fucking annoying 😘
i ordered black yesterday but i have to wait about two weeks
but this is someone who never has had one before nor has had them after either .
this is pretty common not really a but . ''
the incidence for having a single isolated seizure in your life is around 6 .
i review cars but i get motion sickness riding in them so ... all cars suck and i 'm getting paid .
ok i need to stop and go to sleep .
yes there are things you could do to make it slightly less awful but in the end there is just 100 objectively no good way to patch together a 50 's front and rear end with the roofline/greenhouse from a post-90 's car .
it 's like trying to stick ornate hand-carved 1700 's legs on a modern minimalist table from ikea it 's not quirky '' or original '' it 's just ugly .
people keep trying that shit with c1 'vettes with shoebox fords with '59 chevys .
there 's a reason why these psuedo-retro bodykits keep showing in r/shittycarmods and why they are universally ridiculed in every classic/custom car scene all around the world .
they are the car equivalent of the saggy overweight 50yo woman trying to get around in a teenager 's booty-shorts and bikini top .
got ta admit at first i was like ehh but then realized i can actually understand you better than the og singer .
that video is put together so well for being a cheesy mario montage and glad i stuck around for the peach eye-twitch if nothing else .
a tagline i had with my duo was ez lane ez game never chat banned
ggez is n't competitive bs it 's just shitty manners
i do n't think what he saw in the mirror of erised was based on personal glory .
i think instead it was based on living up to his brothers .
i think he felt overshadowed by them unsure of how to carve his own way but he also admired all of their achievements so the best thing he could become was the best parts of his siblings .
he wants to be genuinely liked by his family and peers not feared which is why he sees what he does .
his true desire is n't in the stuff like being head boy .
it 's in the acceptance of those around him .
he just believed that is the only way he 'll be fully accepted and valued .
when he is wearing that locket and leaves harry and hermione it is driven by his intense fear of being not good enough. he 's jealous but this is the horcrux 's power preying on the weakest least loving side of him .
i think the sorting hat sorts towards what most motivates a person .
for ron it 's not ambition or to be top just to be top .
for that reason i ca n't see him as a slytherin .
one of the key messages of the series in whole is that love is a powerful magic that transcends all else .
but i think we have to realize that love is something rowling believes all individuals should aspire towards regardless of personal motivations .
ffs the whole reason voldemort was taken down in the end was because narcissus loved her son so much that she was willing to let harry live telling voldemort he was dead .
a slytherin somebody we believe to be evil could love that strongly .
love and kindness loyalty to friends these are things we should all strive for in general and are not exclusive to hufflepuffs .
to me ron was a gryffindor because he bravely fought against his own weaknesses .
rowling never goes deep into his reasoning and thoughts but i do believe that he was struggling with a question of do i let my thoughts that i 'm not as good as person a b or c turn me away from love ? probably also the question of how can i accept me for who i am instead of picking on who i am not ? he fights against the pull of darkness .
this deb is nothing like the one we saw in the early seasons .
i think i know the real reason whiterose hates the us .
troy aikman shot my dog when i was a kid .
i was sitting by the band there were at least 2 or 3 times where receivers were wide open in the end zone waving their arms and leaping frantically around to get jake 's attention .
it was like he did n't even see them .
yeah that 0-60 time is straining physics on road tires as i understand it .
keeping track of multiple things at the same time .
the same reason that fps games can improve you in lol applies here .
but the time it takes invested into sc2 is too much for it to actually matter .
unless you are already a god at everything you do it 's not worth investing into sc2 simply because of the high skill ceiling .
you have to be too good and spend a lot of time on sc for it to actually matter in league .
i have a deep respect for cops who would stomach being in contact with such filth in their efforts to save innocents .
but this hero might need counseling in the future because i doubt anyone would stay mentally unharmed for very long .
i hope he 's taken the most care possible by both his colleagues and superiors .
spent all night trying to dial in my xmp vccio and vccsa .
i was rock stable at 1.28v before and figured i 'd still be .
however i was blue-screening left and right thinking it had to do with the ram tweaking .
at one point i got frustrated and removed the xmp and set the ram back to stock ... and it still happened .
so after adding some more voltage 1.320 manual 1.312 reported llc6 it 's now stable again .
so this bios update does appear to need more voltage to be stable .
as for your other question in regards to how i got xmp working ca n't tell you much as it 's just a matter of enabling the xmp profile and it should boot or not .
you need to make sure it 's getting its required voltage the ram .
my old ram would just set an auto voltage instead of the 1.35 it needed so its xmp profile would n't boot .
you may also need to fine-tune vccio and vccsa which might mean going down in voltage over what the 'auto ' suggests to get stable .
well one way to increase pull up numbers is to lose weight .
i 'm fairly skinny and without much trouble and training i can do 15 reps. that 's without lifting having a routine eating well and being consistent .
two weeks is negligible for measuring progress sorry ! .
keep going see how your feel after 3-6 months .
grab videos or pictures and post here or on a form check friday https www.reddit.com/r/bodyweightfitness/search ? q=form+check+friday for better feedback .
maybe but i work with the system she uses her job requires access to all health record .
as far as i 'm aware they can not stop people from using one persons records only block one part of the system users access .
though it does log who has accessed records and if they find out that someone did it illegally they will be fired .
u will still be the oce traitor but hey what can ya do
well it does cuz its better than water lol and i 'm being completely transparent with my comment .
40-50 works fine but to be absolute 60-70 is more definititive but then even then it gets tricky because theres still bacteria that can still survive that 's why even hand sanitizer doesnt work but 99.9 of the time.
i guess what im saying is why does it hurt the process ?
in fact what he said sounds legit but probably poorly expressed
ky.xy he denied the aegis deny the aegis everytime your team kills roshan
running animation looks like an intern in animation and 3d design made it .
also transition from that fall to the phone is cringey .
i headcanon that most of the stone masks were simply destroyed by the spw foundation post-part 2 .
stroheim and joseph seem to have vaporised the majority of kars ' zombies .
are you saying you actually gave a shit about anne the annoying tagalong with little to no redeeming or interesting traits as a character ?
minor but araki missed a great chance at making jonathan 's luck and pluck a heritage passing artifact .
i would have loved at least something even an offhand mention that speedwagon foundation has a hold of it .
dio broke it during their fight at his castle back in part 1 .
because as far as we know the zeppelis were only tied to hamon not stands .
caesar had no known descendants and his siblings did n't know anything about hamon or why their father mario left and lisa lisa was the last living hamon master and presumably had no successors after effectively retiring joseph was apparently too lazy to keep up his hamon training but he woud 've also been busy raising his family and becoming the ceo of joestar realty .
he is the legendary first hero that starts this series and yet he barely gets a mention in anything else other than part 3 .
yeah i agree it gets to the point that araki seems to practically forget why dio 's even connected to the joestar bloodline in the first place since dio 's bone '' is n't actually dio 's bone but jonathan 's yet it 's treated as dio 's bone with all its weird green baby bullshit nonetheless .
perhaps araki 's just ashamed of jonathan and how one-dimensional he seemed now .
iirc he did mention in jojonium that he was more excited to write dio than jonathan a primarily reactive and goody-two-shoes character without many flaws .
yea high school is 4.0 but you can actually earn a 5.0 by taking honors classes .
the you were right about him was a misdirect .
it is probably a reference to the coming invasion of steppenwolf/darkseid .
the next line is ugh i 'm too soon and then you have to find us implying that he was meant to tell bruce this after lex tells him the bell 's already been rung .
an interview from earlier this year with someone who worked on the movie confirmed the you were right about him was always supposed to be a misdirect .
it is not about hit detection recoil punch and recover from recoil is retarded for that pistol
the ramp implies there is wheel chair access inside the stair well so people may follow it if the elevator is not accessible or if they want to maybe roll down the implied ramp .
instead of having a usable destination the ramp dead ends into what might as well be a brick wall .
any path that leads you inside a structure and stops immediately when you go inside is asshole design .
if in hell there is a list of jokes you were n't supposed to laugh at i 'm definitely screwed .
you 're not really fat but you 're chubby so just go to the gym and you 'll lose all that baby fat in 6-7 months .
do n't try getting big '' do mostly free-body weights those are the best for getting an overall-toned body shape .
back in the old times before food was served to the nobles they were tested with a silver needle to see if it 's discoloured .
i make fat bombs but i just pour it all in a tupperware instead of little portions .
i swear i ca n't gain fat eating keto .
maggie the last cat my wife and i had had mammarian cancer .
the first time we found lumps we indebted ourselves for surgeries to fix it .
we were warned though that it would probably return and could easily metastasize .
she handled recovery from the last surgery so poorly and declined so quickly this time that we knew we had to put her down .
all my other pets growing up died natural deaths .
we are eternally grateful for the vet who came to our house to put her down .
she was so compassionate and wonderful about it and made a shitty situation the best she could .
how and why sasuke fell in love with sakura during their travels is the biggest question this manga has ever created .
the link to methodology and criteria is on that very page ... https www.consumerreports.org/car-reliability-owner-satisfaction/consumer-reports-car-reliability-faq
i ca n't get used to her play style right now so i gave up .
tbc would be such much better if there was no shatt and no badge gear .
we want a never die series from pewds and the respect whamen movie
when i made my first build it was almost the same as you .
i got the gtx 650 ti and a fx 8150 .
there isnt a day i didnt regret that wish i had gotten a gtx 660 .
i would buy a lesser cpu and get the a better gou for sure preferably a gtx 1060
did you go to the gym or have you worked at home with some equipment ?
may i ask what the diffrence is between implant grade and medical grade ?
i wonder if it 's related to this issue described on the mailing list .
basically you copied this from ingress so personally i can barely say this idea belongs to you but i do agree that something like in this pokemon go would be neat .
since this is wip perhaps try to add some additional stuff so it is n't a 1:1 copy from ingress ?
like a small reward after every checkpoint for the top players for example .
but keep in mind about the gym limit though when making ideas about gym leaderboards .
nobody makes such a big thing about lying then this sub .
just add an inch no one will ever give a shit and if they do they might literally be mentally ill
never attempt to draw equivalency between canadians and that low-life .
of course it 's obvious that you are a terrorist sympathizer .
the japanese are big importer of lpg since the shut down of nuclear power stations !
and yes nuclear energy in japan was and is a very hot topic with a lot of powerful supporters and enemies .
the best is when you research the nuclear history of japan after h'shima by yourself to get a objective view because i get always very angry when i talk about the huge manipulation from the cia against and in other countries here is japan we have evidence for it
our celebs are against nuclear energy i am pro-nuclear energy but not under the control of a company and not with this outfashioned water boilers and tea kettles !
regarding variation in dunmer eye color based off of the phrasing of azura 's curse their eyes do n't necessarily have to be red .
her curse turned their skin ashen and their eyes the color of fire .
the thing is fire can be multiple other colors besides red .
it can be yellow orange blue even purple karliah or green depending on the intensity of the flames and what is being burned .
so based off of what we know of the curse it 's entirely possible for a dunmer to have non-red eyes if somewhat uncommon .
and the title of 'miss universe ' will make some sense
do we have any clues as to what the gathering hall will look like or how it will work in mhw ?
i 'm a 5 and i 'm pretty chill with 3s .
9s are n't too bad and certain 8s and i get along really well .
well that 's all the evidence we need take him away boys
graves is better and his references don t feel forced fight me
there are people that depending what side you are on either shout at the sky or shoot at tornadoes .
i think we have lost them at this point .
if you put a quarter in and turn it half way you could probably shake it to get all that lovely dust out .
just catch it with your mouth to keep your hands clean .
thanks ya ill definetally take a look at them thanks for the help
the only solution i could see somewhat working is for them to just go back to one lockout shared between all of the difficulties .
it wo n't solve week one splits but it would help solve splits happening during the opening of mythic raids .
outside of that i ca n't see them finding another solution without fucking something up .
i have faith in the development team but the issue mostly lies not with their loot system but with how guilds take competitive raiding seriously now blood legion really changed the game with their split raids in dragon soul .
if you think about it splits could have been started a lot earlier than when they popped up .
the hours for a lot of guilds have gone down but the methods to remain competitive have arguably become more extreme you used to never really see split raids to this extent .
went to click then what the hell am i doing ! ''
tpcast is rock solid as long as you do n't actually use the tpcast software and instead use opentpcast .
he 's admitted he does n't feel passion for boxing like most other fighters do it 's just a job to him .
fair play to him it makes sense financially and for his own wellbeing .
chepu 's moustache makes him look like a henchman from narcos
jokes puns and off-topic comments are not permitted in any comment parent or child .
parent comments that are n't from the target group will be removed along with their child replies .
posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour and posts that are not appropriate for the serious tag will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
you mozzarella been having some issues together before you broke up !
in that case only presidential elections will need to be held .
before elections both sides of the civil war must stand down and agree to accept the results of the election .
we were n't thinking that far east we were thinking in los santos province the base will not be a naval base as we have no navy but we will happily keep it below 2,500 troops .
much less what genitalia they had in the past .
there 's such an obsession with it in modern culture it 's legitimately disgusting .
the first question someone usually asks upon being told a person is transgender is did they have the surgery/did they mutilate their genitals/did they chop their dick off ? ''
how does it affect your life in any way ?
unless the view is that all attractive '' people are potential partners and you want to be sure you 're able to have offspring ?
which is equally disgusting and such a primitive view i see no point in keeping it around .
but if that 's the case men and women who are unable to have biological children must be seen as not being men or women ?
ive read everything both u said and i am really wondering why
there is no way to make both parties happy ?
for example we could setup 2 servers im sure they are using a lot of them anyways so they could reserve a few for the evocait and check everything and push their results e.g .
the rest of arguments is really just that cig is 1 afraid of bad comments and therefore content locking away for most backers ... .
i would break so many bones that while repairing my bones doctors would find previously undiscovered bones and i will have broken those too .
i have created a pivot table that is connected to dynamic data from a database .
in order to create a report i want to create a list of every row label from the pivot table that can be dynamic as well but the getpivotdata will not allow me to pull that information .
this is my first time posting here so if you need more information or a more clear direction please let me know .
hi everyone i would like to share some of my idea about xtreme coop with you .
first of all i think that the imunity that some ennemies got should be reduced to a shield .
for exemple they take only 10 of the inflicted damage instead of 0 .
that range+melee combination would still be extremely usefull but not a necessity anymore .
i 'm pretty sure that you 've all experienced that situation when the only character capable of defeating that ennemy leave the room and you have to give up because of that .
so i think the shield idea would simplify our lives .
what if you get the extreme coop in solo mode ?
yeah i know you 're gon na tell me that we already got the iz and besided it wo n't be coop anymore .
that 's true but iz does n't drop hogs or books or brushes .
and we 'll be able to do it without any lags or crashes or bad teammates .
and finnaly people who do n't care about pvp will be able to do the extreme event too .
i know that those idea have already been brought up but still i 'd like to refresh them .
tl dr 1st idea change the immunity of some ennemies in extreme coop
working from home this week since it 's a slow week for major tech companies .
doubt i 'll get anything of importance with thursday 's being thanksgiving .
my girl has work until this week except thursday and friday so i 'm debating taking this opportunity while i 'm alone during the day to trip on acid .
past couple of times i 've tripped with my girl and taken 2 hit max 110 ugh a hit .
kinda want to experience tripping by myself and without friends or my girl having to worry .
i want to maybe take 3 or 4 hits but kind of worried since i 've never done this much alone .
i do have xanax at hand though incase it gets too intense .
i want to do it in the morning so by the time my girl comes home around 7pm i 'll atleast have gotten almost back to normal since i want to keep this to myself and ninja trip .
why are the north pole and south pole so cold ?
also yes i know we can see all of the owned wards during champ select and that 's the problem .
it 's the only way to see all of them right now if you own legacy wards or otherwise currently unavailable wards they wo n't come up in the shop .
now that a skins tab is being added to the live client tomorrow so blessed rn this is the perfect time to get a way to peacefully look at your ward skins since for some time now you actually have to lock in your champion to even see the wards in champ select .
i like the better use of inks layout and the weird red/blue liner notes for the ntae cd release much like its vinyl counterpart .
i was just wondering if anyone knew what the record was for the most amount of eagles players in a pro bowl was for a single year ?
i feel like i could see 10 guys on our roster with a decent chance of getting voted in this year .
especially if we actively are voting for our guys but i could be biased
hopefully it 'll be 0 playing in it this year but would be nice to see a lot of eagles voted in
i had a full board but lost in the jungle did n't have the green outline while stand against darkness did .
these cards have exactly the same formatting but clearly on the back end they have a different function .
some obelisks i did for a small adventure in stygia !
do it change your thinking towards your family memeber ?
everyone who replied to my last post and answered my questions helped so much !
i made a short survey for you all to take if you 'd like .
the best price with coupon xiaomi amazfit red english version smartwatch http couponsfromchina.com/2017/04/13/xiaomi-amazfit-red-english-version-smartwatch-coupon-price-gearbest great !
we do n't have any apparel associates scheduled until 4:30pm 3 of the 4 apparel dms called out our fez may or may not have quit this weekend we only have one csm until 2pm and the assistant over apparel/home is working on black friday projects all day .
i 'm the only one in electronics/photo/wireless until 4pm .
management is covering my breaks and also covered for me for an hour so i could cap my bins and bring all of my freight/tvs out to the floor .
a support is going to have to cover my lunch .
the only person who is n't an hourly supervisor on the floor right now is outside pushing carts with the front end asm because both cart pushers called out .
it seems like most people including myself are greatly enjoying the new hero !
i was curious to see what people thought of moira and how she fits into specific team comps or what heroes complement her abilities .
i find myself working well with lucios as they 're able to top off chip damage fairly easily so i can save my healing resources and cooldowns for team fights .
orisa is also fun to play with as she encourages team grouping up and i can throwing my death orbs into her halt .
not sure if that was what it was called but that 's what came to mind .
in season 4 of rhonj anyone know the details of behind the scenes of this ?
it came across so staged and i 'm sure some of that had to do with this being filmed right after season 3 .
just curious i ca n't remember what the truth was to this or if there ever was one .
so i got the trial played for some time and it ended.then it gave me the message to buy the game however when i go to the shop the only option is to launch the game.i ca n't see where i can buy it help pls .
hey guys i know this sub seems to lean more towards pure math but i 'm hoping someone can help me out with this .
i 've asked calc 2 related questions before and everyone is very helpful .
so we started the chapter on trusses and how to find all the forces in its members compression tension etc ...
anyways to the problem i have i just ca n't figure out where i went wrong .
for some reference that arrow that leads from ey=74lb '' to the bottom of the page is just for me to substitute that into something when i retried it ignore it for now because i got the same answer again .
i have the free body diagram drawn out twice and i 'm just not sure where to go from here .
any help would be appreciated and if anyone needs something answered related to this i can do my best .
the silver packs were n't proper silver packs and the gold sure as hell was n't a gold with just a single character card .
a create a new design for reward packs going forward .
use the event theme image on silver or gold .
b issue an apology and the proper reward packs to players who earned the specified packs .
i did it f2p but it was a waste of my time and i shudder to think of people who dropped money refreshing thinking they were gon na get a 7 pack out of the deal .
this community seems pretty laid back but this bait and switch would n't fly in any other mobile game .
what is she up to now '' wil said reaching for his binnoculars .
the number was a red highlight against the clear sky of the morning .
wil had just raised from his bed and opened his curtains ready to take in the insufferable sunlinght if only for a moment .
he 'd make for his workshop soon put on his goggles and toil away .
it was strange to see those enourmous red shapes but he knew enough about vi and that stupid game of hers that she 'd done that to provoke storm into acting .
he has getting tired of seeing his friend toy with the poor lad but could do little to dissuade her .
after getting ready and hearing the general panic on morning news the hour shifted and so did the number going down by one .
immediatly his tv screen went pitch black and a familiar droning sounded .
he sighed as vi 's clear voice echoed through the device .
i see you terrified cattle have noticed my little reminder .
at the end of this countdown you 'll be mine .
you 'll be quite surprised to see what i have in store for you and your ... aptitude .
and know the night queen has her eyes on you this day .
and all days to come '' she laughed darkly .
a wee bit too much vi '' wil said as his friend emerged from the shadows beside him .
keep this up and the council will come knocking you 're being overdramatic and the humans will start to get jumpy '' .
that is part of the fun you dolt '' she said showing him her fangs in a smile .
storm has to do something stupid for we to step in and teach him .
he has burned my bloody microwave and half the lights at home it 's getting annoying . ''
wil lifted his hand bringing his keys flying across the room to his hand aye lass there is a lot to be annoyed about in this whole ordeal .
in season 9 binging on netflix now and never saw the show and it 's a fun new dynamic .
they got married the year after the show began .
there are a lot of magical artifacts in the tes universe and they vary significantly in power and ability .
i 've got a theory about how artifacts are created and powered .
the battleaxe wuuthrad is an artifact that was wielded by ysgramor a king who drove the elves out of skyrim .
wuuthrad is a more potent weapon than its physical properties alone would explain but only against elves .
this could be explained by some sort of enchantment but the axe shows no signs of having been enchanted it can actually be enchanted unlike items that have already been enchanted .
in addition the elf-killing properties never run out unlike an enchantment .
so it seems to be that wuuthrad has some kind of supernatural enhancement one that is separate from enchantment .
some similar items are valdr 's lucky dagger and the longhammer .
so where does this enhancement come from if not from soul-power ?
i believe that the examination of another type of artifact may provide some insight daedric artifacts .
now daedric artifacts are more similar to enchanted items than those mentioned above but they also have some strange properties .
many daedric artifacts have properties that ca n't be found in any other kind of magical item and all daedric artifacts are powerful .
let 's take a look at how a few of skyrim 's artifacts are acquired .
the mace of molag bal is created through the beating and domination of a helpless foe the rueful axe comes from killing barbas with a seemingly ordinary axe the savior 's hide comes from skinning a specific werewolf and the ebony blade is recharged through murder .
some less direct connections are the killings required to get the pieces of mehrunes razor killing a horde of undead to obtain dawnbreaker and eating the flesh of a priest to get the ring of namira .
daedric artifacts tend to have powers related to their associated prince something that has been noted but they also tend to have powers related to their means of creation and/or acquisition .
i 'm proposing that artifacts draw power from a source that might be compared to tonal manipulation .
when highly significant and world-changing effects are brought about through an item or the wielder of that item that item retains a sort of echo of that event it becomes a symbol of that event .
this explains how artifacts like the savior 's hide can be a single and unique item even though they 're created multiple times in history the savior 's hide is a sort of universal theme or constant and a new hide does something akin to mantling .
daedric artifacts would probably combine the properties of artifacts with those of traditional enchantment with princes infusing a portion of their power into an item as part of its becoming an artifact .
there are almost certainly certain items that seem to be exceptions to this theory but i ca n't think of any at the moment .
poison turns it purple blindness makes it turn black etc .
just went to manage my bank and it prompted me to get the newest update 516 blocks .
it turns out he 's a player and he likes young girls .
honestly he 's not much to look at and he definitely did n't project any sort of sexy vibe during my roommate interview process .
normal looks normal job normal manners normal social skills normal references .
i asked if he was seeing anyone during the process because a i want to have some sense of what kind of guests you might bring over and with what frequency and b i kinda prefer a taken guy because i 'm really not looking to get hit on by a roommate .
he said he hoped that occasional visits woulnd't be a problem but he gets the room mate code of girlfriend ethics and would n't bring anyone over more than once or twice a week .
so he brings his girlfriend '' nancy over one night .
i did n't ask but she looked 19 20 tops .
she came over twice more then in a couple weeks he brought over another girl of similar age becky .
i straight up told him the next day that if he 's cheating on his girlfriend in my apartment that 's not something i 'd be cool with .
he said things did n't work out with nancy they split up and now he 's seeing becky .
about a month and a half goes by rinse repeat .
i do n't want to be a girlfriend nazi but this makes me uncomfortable .
i should say that he 's a polite and clean room mate who respects my privacy and pays his rent on time and keeps his volume low .
the only thing i do n't like is his proclivity for seducing girls straight out of high school which in a lot of ways is none of my business i guess .
other than that i find it a little gross .
tl dr my otherwise nice normal roommate habitually brings very young girls home to our place .
for suppliers i buy sets for 19:1 csgo 18:1 tf gems 1:165
feel free to join the steam group for support and information about rate updates !
if the nba were limited to starting 5 's and there were no benches ben/joel has been one of the most dominate duos in the game .
so dominate that the warriors 'limited ' joel to 21/7 .
it goes without saying if they just played starting lineups the sixers would win more games .
unfortunately and tragically there 's that thing called a bench .
normally a useful utility for resting your stars and maintaining the flow of the game .
most benches will not be better than your starters not by design .
but ... they 're not supposed to be this bad either .
the sixers have the 3rd worst bench in the nba .
it bares repeating 27 other teams have a better bench than the 76ers .
this means night after night we 're at a tactical disadvantage .
whenever we put soft bigs like amir/holmes in to replace embiid the opposing team goes on a run .
whenever we put in a defensive specialist who has zero offensive game anderson or a wing with no game at all tlc .
we give an overwhelming advantage to every other team .
he provides shooting but well he does n't provide anything else so the net gain actually wo n't be too much .
what makes good benches is that the players on their could feasibly start if all went to shit .
when i say feasibly that 's different from well he 's the next guy up so we start him . ''
i mean that we actually rate this player as starter-material .
we ca n't say that for a single guy on our bench n/a on korkmaz because brown wo n't play him .
not okafor or amir or holmes or tlc or the goat '' tj who has his own unique limitations that make him an average at best back-up on a title team .
this bench is n't just bad it 's basketball horror .
think about why the third quarters happen this bench ca n't even give you 15 mpg .
this is n't an excuse for bb it 's a legitimate roster problem .
it 's okay if fans carry the delusion that the young players on a 28-win team saric/tlc are good '' or developing '' .
your job as a gm is to separate the noise from the facts at hand and come to the best decisions you can .
we had a hint of this when you said we want a pf that can push saric '' .
of course at the time we thought that was simmons but simmons 's utility at pg means that 's his position for keeps .
did you think amir johnson was going to push '' dario saric for minutes ?
there are several cog pieces '' that we have to move beyond if we want to give embiid/simmons the best chance at a championship .
do n't be that organization that does n't strive to improve .
.500 is great but we can be even better .
it just takes going from the 3rd worst bench to net average .
my armpit temp had been a steady 98.4 f for about a week or 2 .
has there been any info if they 're going to improve performance for the next expansion ?
edit after tweaking im mainly getting 100-120fps but my 1080 ti stutters and fps spikes to 20 only noticed it in suramar .
gpu-z open it goes on idle state during spikes ?
looking for a new long term partner who is fairly literate and detailed .
it would be awesome if we could alternate dom-sub roles as i like being both dom at times as well as submissive .
i 'm fairly open to any role i can play almost anything with context .
kik me with roles and an intro i 'd love to hear from you .
if you do n't mind send red24 in your message so i know where you found me at .
taking offers its attached to a fc with 2.5m credits and 2 rank 50 airships
after defeating a mini-boss my pc 's took his two scimitars the ranger and bard taking one each .
i want to give the swords some kind of magical property but the party is level two so it should n't be overly powerful .
some link between the two sword would be cool too .
i 'm looking through the u/jwords items for inspiration but i have n't seen anything i like yet .
on the current standings https www.basketball-reference.com/leaders/pts_career.html dirk sits at 6th with 30,435 while lebron is 9th with 29,250 that 's a difference of 1,185 points .
if both players play 75 games this season at their current production dirk 's 10.3 ppg will translate to about 597 more points while lebron 's 28.9 ppg will translate to about 1705 more points .
that 's a difference of 1,108 which would leave lebron 77 points shy .
edit just wan na clarify i 'm asking if you think lebron will pass him within this season .
lebron will pass dirk eventually it 's inevitable but the question is when .
i do n't know whether to feel flattered or a little creeped out .
he 's attractive i guess we all creep on people but we do n't have a very flirty relationship so it 's a bit weird .
i only feel pride and accomplishment even though it did n't take me 40hrs .
platform i honestly think it was gamecube but could be a ps2
genre turned based squad 3d i want to say 3rd person
year 2005-2010 is when i would have most likely been playing it .
graphics honestly it looked nearly identical to fortnite in style but obviously more blurry .
the matches start and the people human characters on your team move do n't remember if ai moved your team or not and the enemies were alien type .
you take turns moving selecting weapons and then trying to move to a position to damage the aliens .
kinda like the mobile 2d side scroller tank game you can move only so much select your weapon hope you are in a good enough position to get a good attack .
it 's also possible though that each character had different weapons or abilities and you did n't actually select the weapons on your turn .
i feel like not only did you need to kill the enemies but move to certain positions to do an objective ?
probably not so just ignore that statement it 's probably irrelevant .
blood elves wo n't make up half of the horde .
it gets really boring when there are always at least 3 blood elves in my dungeon parties .
ironically enough removing a race will probably add more variety .
hey guys had this for a while and wondering how much i can get for it in keys .
per la scimmia che è in voi per condividere offerte e occasioni se smaniate per l'ultimo acquisto o per necessità
gen 3:15 and i will put enmity between you and the woman and between your seed and her seed it shall bruise your head and you shalt bruise his heel . ''
gen 22:18 and in your seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed because you have obeyed my voice . ''
gen 26:4 gen 49:10 num 21:6-9 goes hand in hand with jn 3:12-16 num 24:17 deut 18:15 ps 16:9-11 ps 22 ps 132:11 isa 7:14
🔥 isa 9:6 for unto us a child is born unto us a son is given and the government shall be upon his shoulder and his name shall be called wonderful counselor the mighty god the everlasting father the prince of peace . ''
these are all old testament verses about jesus the christ yahshua .
currently not looking for trades and selling the following items in lots .
morty extreme water damage on box box creased and taped up
my reasons for this belief are religious and personal i do n't have any right to enforce this upon anyone .
also there 's a distinction between preventing evil and forcing good .
we stop evil to prevent the violation of our rights .
from u/nareus on why are most conservatives anti-abortion and anti free healthcare ?
i 've never seen a skinhead or neo-nazi looking white dude with an asian woman ever .
it 's always some lame non-descript nerdy white guy old white man or just some generally swagless white guy regardless of height looks or income .
and if you 're honest you 've never seen some crazy looking skinhead or hardcore ex-con with lifer swag and racist tattoos everywhere with an asian woman either and never will .
where is this alt-right neo-nazi boogie man courting asian women that r/hapas is so scared of ?
where are all of these neo-nazi/asian woman couples r/hapas always talks about ?
wmaf exists mostly in the liberal heartland of america in and around the coastal cities not in the backwoods of bumblefuck georgia with the kkk .
real hardcore card-carrying racist white supremacists by definition do n't like anyone non-white asian women included .
john lennon was not a neo-nazi or in the alt right .
if you actually go outside you will never see some david duke kkk leader with an asian woman .
liberal whites can be just as racist as neo-nazis and kkk members .
but what makes racism from liberal whites so insidious is that liberal whites do n't think they are capable of racism .
hey i 'm not racist it was just an unoriginal unfunny joke based on hundreds of years of oppression of your people durr-hurr-hurr '' .
liberal whites believe that racism is only valid when it 's extreme and defines one 's entire identity i.e .
and it 's no coincidence hapas who were raised mostly by and around white liberals have also bought into this school of thought .
this is why r/hapas talks about the alt right and neo-nazis when it 's so-called liberal white men in wmaf who you see everyday .
liberal whites are also closet racists who do n't openly express their racism .
if you are a card-carrying neo-nazi at least i know up front you are a racist low life sack of shit .
but liberal wmaf racism is much more sinister because those people do n't believe they 're racist .
they have the nerve to think they 're progressive all while having a relationship based on ugly racist stereotypes that are hundreds of years in the making .
im a jax main whos m5 and played jax both in jungle and top and i 've done pretty well with him in terms of lane pressure zoning tp roaming and stuff
ive got one problem everytime tho and thats i either get blown up in teamfights or im not in the team fight at all .
any suggestions on what i should do in teamfights and playing jax in general ?
we 're intelligent people here though and many of us myself included are good enough and have enough experience to draw some sound and logical conclusions from what we have seen thus far .
and my personal one is this twitch and dokk have a conflict ... .and twitch is 99 of the time going to be the winner and superior choice .
twitch and dokk are competing for the sane role anti intel/gadget .
dokk can block cams temporarily and in certain conditions take control of cams but at great risk to herself .
twitch can eliminate nearly every cam in the game as well as every electronic gadget .
twitch is also bolstered by having the best or second best attacker weapon as well as a decent shotgun and dmr .
dokk has a dmr and shotgun only of unknown effectiveness .
but dmrs and shotguns tend be very much less effective than ars or smgs .
but perhaps dokk 's biggest weakness is tactical on many if not most maps the only cameras that would be useful for attackers to have access to seriously i can think of maybe 10 total across all maps would be valk cams .
and leaving cams up to take control of is a huge risk for attackers with not a lot of payoff .
meanwhile twitch provides the intel denial aspect ... but permanently .
and she can clear hazards and is bringing the heat with her famas .
dokk i fear is going to fall into the iq trap where she has very little role in a team and there will almost always be a superior choice to her in any role .
except at least iq is anti-kapkan something dokk wo n't have going for her .
i have n't slept since saturday wich means i had a lot to think about on that time and i was feeling just like crap by the time i wonder how in the hell did i do it..
i mean back then and i realized that i was young and all kinds of shit ...
anyway i hate feeling like this now i know i can control myself on the hangover and stuff but i do n't even care..
i prefer to have confidence in me than get stoned and i 'm gon na have to think how am i gon na spend my time besides the guitar and the job i 'm planning to get.. wish me luck.. and of course the best luck for you too 😁😁😁😁
hey comrades i 've got an essay to do for this week due in 27th nov the question i have chosen is
‘the executive of the modern state is but a committee for managing the common affairs of the whole bourgeoisie . '
marx engels the communist manifesto discuss with reference to modern times . ''
so i was wondering if anyone has any information about what i could read to help me answer this question .
one more day until the blues face the oilers on home ice .
the last game was heated like they were a division rival this one will probably be more so .
i work a short two day work week followed by an extended food coma maybe some shopping sprinkled in there for good measure .
i 'm about 3 weeks into zero carb following nearly 2 years of lchf and keto .
it 's been an overwhelmingly positive shift for me and i want to continue with this woe but i 'm a bit concerned that i 'm now going several days between bowel movements whereas on keto i used to be pretty regular .
i 'm predominantly eating fatty meats and eggs cooked with added butter or goose fat and occasional fish/seafood cream and cheese .
is it normal to need to go less regularly on zc and is there anything i can do to keep things moving naturally ?
i wanted to get my wife a new shampoo as the one she uses is good for dry hair but leaves dandruff behind .
she 's not the type to buy into hype or marketing and often goes with what 's easiest .
i figured if i did the homework maybe it would be something she may like .
will this let you run the hmd on ultra or just generally ?
this script will scan the office and office ou 's for workstations and query their scep definition age .
if the a/v definitions are older than 7 days it will copy the latest definitions to c temp and than run them
query for place computers add to the previously defined variable with ''
comment out the above ad queries and uncomment the below
age get-wmiobject computername computer namespace root\microsoft\securityclient query select antivirussignatureage from antimalwarehealthstatus '' erroraction silentlycontinue
set to 0 to force the script to always run change to 7 in production
write-host checking if computer has a temp folder in the root of c ''
the only thing i 'm stuck on is copying the file .
if c temp '' already exists on the machine it copies just fine and updates the definitions .
however if c temp '' does not exist it ends up a copying the definitions to the root of c and naming it temp . ''
i know i 'm doing something dumb but i ca n't figure out what it is .
2 out of 4 glog teams are top of their division
look i 'm not gon na pretend to be a lawyer but dont mutual combat laws apply in califonia ?
if two parties consent it negates the charge of battery .
vitaly says he wants to fight i doubt it we know brandon obviously wants to fight .
so brandon pull up on cucktaly and get him to consent on camera .
if he doesnt accept it just makes him look like more of a pussy .
i 'm looking to chat about butt licking today .
as always i am also interested in hearing anal experiences and stories .
i particularly like to hear about first anal experiences and i have plenty to share as well .
for rp i prefer to play f but its not set in stone .
if you are interested in an anal oriented rp session message me and tell me what your thinking !
i also love scent and spit play hard limits are scat gore and death .
i apologize if my question is naive or stupid but i 'm a layman and i ca n't really find a good answer for this question from the internet .
it is usually considered a bad thing for a government to pay for its expenses by just printing money .
to elaborate my understanding of how the current system works is central banks create money that gets circulated to the people who then pay part of it as taxes to the government .
instead why could n't government just create the money directly and use it to pay for its expenses ?
yes it would create inflation but it would n't need to be higher than the inflation we have even now .
it would merely act like a tax for cash holdings .
if the fear is that the government ca n't control itself and too much money would get created this could be controlled by having the central bank create an amount of money it feels appropriate like it does now and handing it over to the government .
my thinking on this issue is a bit muddled i grant you that but my general understanding is that fiat currencies are in any case just created by the states and do n't have any natural '' value .
however the current system for doing it seems needlessly complicated and requires all the surveillance bureaucracies etc .
i was messaging with another guy doing nofap discussing how we both experienced an abnormal amount of acne between days 30 and 40 .
this also occurs during puberty and when people take testosterone .
admittedly i do n't know the science behind this please comment if you do but it seems that the physiological signs of increased available testosterone only begin to manifest if you go well beyond the infamous seventh day .
this is speculation but i think that in terms of testosterone the long term effects of a consistent streak are far superior to the weekly valley-peak model some people follow not to mention the other benefits .
have a great monday everyone i 'm off to bodyslam my to-do list !
let 's hear your unpopular opinions on this team .
remember the downvote button is not a disagree '' button .
he kept making up excuses to not come to practice .
oh well the rest of the band was able to get prepared he just had to be able to sing 4 songs .
but today the one practice he said he could come to he did n't show up .
i asked him where he was and he said he did n't feel like doing this and he quit .
he knew the whole time he was gon na quit but he waited until 2 weeks before the performance to do it so now we have very little time to find another singer .
and we just comfirmed to the person organizing the event that we could play .
and our singer let us all down because he was too lazy to learn 4 songs and waited to quit to give us barely anytime to find someone else .
rewatched the dark knight and reflected that the joker never posed a physical threat to batman only an ideological one .
in the last scene with the joker its quite obvious the joker cant/doesnt want to physically kill the batman but he wants to prove the idea that the people of gotham are all immoral beings and he does .
i mean we all know the show ca n't go on without oliver so the whole physical threat to olivers life becomes so mindless .
not only that but it seems the writers of the show are too afraid to kill off anyone important making the show so ... safe .
i mean the ending of s5 couldve had you believe everyone on the island was dead wouldve been a nice way to reboot but the only one who died is a character with less than maybe 2 hours of screentime after one of the best villains of the show 's grand plot ?
along with that the idea of a psychological villain more than a physical threat actually gives the villain a chance .
oliver 's fear grasps him when thea is kidnapped .
they created genuine emotions as opposed to wow he knocked out a bunch of ninjas so cool ! ''
looked at when arrow thrived in my opinion seasons 1,2,5 .
all of them had a villain who were much smaller scale and went after oliver 's personal life and beliefs
merlyn wanting to destroy the glades undermining his fathers legacy
slade wanting to cause oliver to feel true despair not just kill him/a bunch of others
sidenote which is why i thought the mirakuru army destroying the city plotline was pretty stupid to be honest
prometheus using oliver 's fear and guilt as weapons to crack him psychologically
however i feel like all of these villains posed both a physical and psychological component to them as opposed to darkh wanting to rule/nuke the city and ra 's wanting to kill oliver for some dumb s3 reason that made no sense .
not only that but s1 and s2 had real stakes .
he did n't magically come back to life within a few days because the fanbase liked him .
the writers had guts and took a risk and stuck with it .
slade stuck a blade moira 's chest and kidnapped thea .
i remember genuinely wondering whether oliver would have a direct relative at the end of s2 .
ever since s2 everyone who has died '' has magically come back to life in one form or another .
compared to when s4 ended and some city got nuked and i couldnt give two shits .
i personally think that arrow can benefit from a joker like character who does n't pose a physical threat at all but whose mind is his true weapon .
i want you to move from every word that leaves my lips .
i want you to smile while i grip your hair .
i want you to leave with a bruise and a smiling heart .
i want you to take your time choosing your skirt/dress .
picking the right outfit just so i can rip off your clothing and fuck you senseless .
painting semen on your ass and destroying your makeup .
i want you clawing my back from how deep i am .
i want to hear fuck me harder '' and smack my ass harder '' while i 'm hitting it from the back .
i want my dick to touch your heart and deep spots ... .
i 'm a kind-hearted sarcastic and friendly person outside of the bedroom .
in no way shape or form i would treat you this way outside of the bedroom .
i really hate when people ca n't differentiate this .
you know those guys that treat women like shit outside of the bedroom too ?
basically i want to provide you with that good pain '' not that unhealthy shit '' .
i 'm an african american 25yo handsome professional and witty .
be open to the idea of a non-committal meet-up at a popular public destination before doing the deed .
if this turn you on do n't wait reply now .
judy/mother attacking the door trying to get in sarah attacking the picture of laura
naido turns off the electricity and judy/mother stops laura shutting off the electricity/destroying judy in the finale
after shutting down the power naido is thrown into space after defeating judy laura and dale are stuck in the lodge
i 'm not saying i believe this just thought it was interesting ...
like questions with no clear answer but something to think about .
with sdl team losing in the main event this is the first time john cena 's survivor series team has not won .
he was 4-0 in survivor series traditional elimination matches heading into tonight .
it 's not that great of a fact but thought it was interesting .
i 'm just in love with the idea of the feywild and want to build/play in it but i 'm finding the info in phb and dmg a little lacking .
are there any good sources of feywild and/or fey lore like how they are related to the elven race or really just any other information about them ?
i 've found a few short adventures on adventurelookup.com but i 'm hoping for something more comprehensive .
basically i 'd like to play a campaign centered around the fey and largely taking place in the feywild and if nothing like that exists already to create and dm it .
we all know it ever since the jump to 3d sega has produced a lot of really terrible games .
i 've always been a nintendo guy and nintendo has always had much more polish when it comes to their games .
there 's been a few good ones but the quality is so unpredictable with each new release .
that being said i like how sega handles their failures .
their facebook page is one of my favorites because they 're always making fun of their community and their own bad decisions this is true for the tv show sonic boom as well .
it 's actually really funny when you see sonic reference things like fanfiction ocs saying things like or those weird pictures of me all over the internet ? ''
the devs on their facebook page are always making fun of fan art the continuity and plotholes of the series etc .
sonic forces although mediocore i comend because the option to create your own oc is a genius concept that embraces the sonic fanbase .
sonic mania is better imo which also embraces the fanbase by letting someone else take the helm of a sonic game from the modding community and it actually really paid off .
i hope that sega continues to push the comedic aspect while also letting people like christian whitehead help them create more polished games .
the original billy russo https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jigsaw marvel_comics in the marvel universe was a supervillain named jigsaw who if you believe the wikipedia page had no military training https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jigsaw marvel_comics powers_and_abilities and was portrayed as the mortal enemy of the punisher .
he apparently first appeared in the early 70 's in a spiderman comic series who played a hitman for new york 's mob .
in the new series he 's castle 's buddy who served with him in afghanistan .
why such a drastic difference in a character 's development ?
this is the best tl dr i could make original https www.nytimes.com/2017/11/19/science/japan-fukushima-nuclear-meltdown-fuel.html reduced by 65 .
at the plant 039 s entrance a sign warned quot games like pokemon go are forbidden within the facility . ''
quot we have finished the debris cleanup and gotten the plant under control quot said the guide daisuke hirose a spokesman for tepco 039 s subsidiary in charge of decommissioning the plant .
the government admits that cleaning up the plant will take at least another three to four decades and tens of billions of dollars .
japan has pledged to dismantle the fukushima plant and decontaminate the surrounding countryside which was home to about 160,000 people who were evacuated after accident .
without at least starting a cleanup of the plant itself officials admit they will find it difficult to convince the public that the accident is truly over .
they also hope that beginning the cleanup will help them win the public 039 s consent to restart japan 039 s undamaged nuclear plants most of which remain shut down since the disaster .
summary source http smmry.com/https www.nytimes.com/2017/11/19/science/japan-fukushima-nuclear-meltdown-fuel.html faq http autotldr.io 244769 summaries so far . ''
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords plant 1 cleanup 2 accident 3 reactor 4 disaster 5
post found in r/inthenews http np.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/7e3via/six_years_after_fukushima_robots_finally_find r/energy http np.reddit.com/r/energy/comments/7e0vkq/six_years_after_fukushima_robots_finally_find r/worldnews http np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/7e5xck/six_years_after_fukushima_robots_finally_find r/anythinggoesnews http np.reddit.com/r/anythinggoesnews/comments/7e1r0x/six_years_after_fukushima_robots_finally_find r/japan http np.reddit.com/r/japan/comments/7e3lik/six_years_after_fukushima_robots_finally_find r/marshallbrain http np.reddit.com/r/marshallbrain/comments/7e5mo7/six_years_after_fukushima_robots_finally_find r/infrastructurist http np.reddit.com/r/infrastructurist/comments/7e50tc/six_years_after_fukushima_robots_finally_find r/scienceuncensored http np.reddit.com/r/scienceuncensored/comments/7e1rrh/six_years_after_fukushima_robots_finally_find r/thenewsfeed http np.reddit.com/r/thenewsfeed/comments/7e0733/drudge_robots_find_fukushimas_melted_uranium_fuel and r/nofilternews http np.reddit.com/r/nofilternews/comments/7e066q/robots_find_fukushimas_melted_uranium_fuel_6 .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic .
please do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
night 2 other two maf hit vet and jailor executes the werewolf .
used to use this to supplement the grind but for the last few days the app is blank the tvs in the zone are blank like the format is there but no questions or answers .
0/50 questions answered new questions in 7 days but it 's been stuck like that for several days now .
apparently my computer does not meet the minimum requirements to run playerunknown 's battlegrounds .
i am running a pentium g4400 with a gigabyte 2gb gtx 1050 single fan and 8gb of ballistix ddr4 ram .
i am asking if it is worth upgrading my cpu to an i3 4340 since cpuboss gives the pentium 4400 five more points than the i3 4340 .
no activity for 5 months and this reeks of hail corporate
normally tournaments have there own mission packs but we just randomly determine the mission when playing casually
treehouse is along route 20 between sturbridge and charlton treehousebrew.com and is absolutely worth the visit if you 're into ne ipas .
they serve food on saturdays via food trucks and serve pours on saturdays and sometimes friday .
stone cow is my new hidden gem just wonderful all around .
so you mean they do n't disgust you by forcing you either to grind or pay ?
the bad thing would be if you did n't get used to it and just using it in every gun fight you 're in
yeah i think it 's a really solid album front to back
female you can actually tell by looking a bump or crown on the head which indicates a male .
males will also have a forked front fin where females will have a smooth fin like the one pictured above .
i suspect they 're referring to changes that impact one player type more than another .
random potential example making 5 stars weaker and closer in power to 3 stars .
even with the rough past few games he 's 18 7 39 tds and only 8 ints .
he might not be aaron fucking rodgers but he can still develop into an awesome quarterback .
he just needs to adapt which i believe he will .
dak benefitted from an awesome supporting cast last year in the same way carson wentz is benefitting from it this year .
that 's not a knock on either of them but do n't try to use the eagles as prime example of a franchise quarterback having to pick up the slack when it was the eagles running game and defense that opened it up for them last night .
and i 'm like a car guy i live and breathe the earliest makes all the way to late 90 's imports .
i work on them i drive them i race them i 'm in clubs hell i film youtubes .
i understand people want to be safe but nerfing the whole driving experience is like wtf .
a sword and board wraithknight only has 4 attacks but they do 6 damage per wound .
i think a wraithknight would win through sheer survivability due to t8 24 wounds and a 5 save .
you ca n't bring logic into an argument with the illogical
oh no i know what it is but that sounds like the most generous excuse not to answer anything .
i imagine you could dodge any question you do n't want to answer with that could you ?
hey roy moore ca n't you prove you did n't piddle all those kids ? ''
prosecutor your challenge is an argument from ignorance and i do n't have to answer that question . ''
i 'm just saying if the game is pay to win then there should be able to be at least one example of an in game encounter or interaction where someone who has paid beats someone who has not and should further be able to show that paying money was the only way to do it .
that you ca n't answer the question does n't reflect negatively on me but rather the premise of the other side of the argument .
menz posted the photo with franken on facebook at the time on august 27 2010 .
her sister cari thunker commented under the photo sorry but you two are n't bibles sic width apart '' a reference thunker explained to cnn to how physically close menz and franken were in the photo .
menz responded to her sister on facebook dude al franken totally molested me !
the exchange is visible to menz 's facebook friends . ''
its not proof it happened but does prove that she 's not just some random woman piling on to sink franken .
on the way to 527 out of avalon park .
i do n't know why i recognized it but i did lol
thanks for all the suggestions recorded pvt guide that i will be uploading very soon !
does it work if you do n't live in a dorm ?
he gave some of his power exactly so goku could keep on fighting saving freeza 's power .
freeza has n't fought anyone yet so far he has
blew away an already injured opponent that was almost eliminated 10 seconds earlier and saved by vegeta
freeza is n't becoming good he 's saving his power .
in fact he has n't been damaged so far other than that fake-fight with gohan .
lol especially this particular preseason too much changes and i admit that i probably made a mistake by touching ranked now
players have been falsely accused for banning alot since it 's still a beta version of the game the report system is not good .
i think you get banned from amount of report votes and not from an admin .
you should have people watch the cutscenes from randomly selected events where players have reported you .
true but in the end only 1 person/team can win .
nak and roode had their moments and looked good .
itd be like saying eric young didnt look good because in the end adam cole pinned him .
i do n't usually get angry and when i do i do n't stay that way for more than like an hour .
i just do n't know how to manage this .
you can follow her on facebook if you like .
the entire costume has about 20 batteries over 5 months of work and 4-5 hours just getting into the costume .
here 's https i.imgur.com/ghfty6b.jpg a picture in the dark .
edit this costume was made by u/haseo2222 and you can find him on facebook here .
because the ai is bad at dealing with attrition that 's my only guess .
hordes do suffer attrition event spawned troops normally do n't or suffer less .
you can see this when the mongol empire spawns .
i want to chase 1:25 as a reach goal so i might benefit from higher mileage as a base .
typewriters and word processors made keyboards relevant decades before computers were in every home
i think people are desperately looking for someone in the family with some compassion .
it turns out ivanka is not the champion people had hoped for .
melania had to give up wearing real fur coats and fur hats since her husband got elected .
and it is n't clear whether she 's happy about that or not .
it is just as likely that someone working on behalf of the trump family or a friend of the trump family engaged in african elephant tusk arbitrage knowing full well what the eventual final decision was going to be .
or maybe eric trump and donald trump jr. just needed to have their trophies pass us customs on friday and as soon as someone confirmed that their trophies had safely passed through us customs daddy restored the ban .
its more of a grind to unlock new operators becaus they are way more expensive .
on free weekend you get to play the standard edition .
that 's a pretty big circle for a no kill game !
did n't get to watch the game so these highlights are really impressive .
great to see kyrie working with brown so well .
i 'm pretty ignorant would basically any ac1200 be sufficient ?
should i look for something that can run tomato ?
but i 've been eating rice lentils and beans with 1 cent portions of salt and pepper .
the pro scene mainly uses 4 maps and even they have to be shoehorned in .
there are a number of things that could cause this problem and the solutions usually do n't require you to do things other than squat .
you likely do n't need to do other things to address weaknesses etc. you just need to learn how to squat correctly .
interesting how 9 of these players played for either barcelona or madrid
if i 'm mobile and really really need to get a melody or something recorded i just use my phone 's voice memo app .
when i get back to a computer i 'll probably re-record it and dump it with the rest of my dropbox song demos .
you could just drag your voice memos directly into dropbox from your phone assuming they 're in a format that will do you any good back at a computer .
well for me a well played from my opponent when ... my draw was shit and could not even cruve out well enough to give my best with my deck while his aggrasion was constant and all i did was try to survive ... as you can see that is not what well played means of course he was going to win all i did was burn my spells trying to remove his minions while i wished for a better draw next turn ... and you get that idea easily while playing now in starcraft i know i gave my best there was no rng nothing and no one to blame my opponen was faster i wasnt he read my build i didnt or forgot to scout again .. things like that .
in a game like that where skill counts i 'll gladly type gg we both gave our best .
but the only time i emote during a game in hs is when we both played with good hands and the result was toe to toe either my opponent or i lost because of a bad read on either of our playstyles/hands .
as you may see i 'm more of a control type of player and midrange too but when you face your typical smorc opponent and you get stomped he says well played 1 2 or 3 times at the end while i could n't do a thing cause i got a bad hand in the early turns ... well that was not a well played game pal..
of course sometimes i get tilted others do n't but that 's the reason why i always squelch when someone 's emotes in the first turn usually they are emoters '' and tend to emote at the end of the turn or spam emotes constantly that 's what experience has made me realize
i 'd take a gmmk over any of the other mentioned models in this thread .
had i not instantly fell in love with my leopold it 'd still be my daily driver
the space is not public it belongs to the city and they like many other cities are allowed to issue permits to put dumpsters in their spaces .
people who are clueless about the law make me laugh .
i thought you were the ancestor mister cro-magnon man .
nah it was mostly from books that i would pick up from time to time .
it was the kind of thing that i always told myself that i would get around to when in reality it would take years to see fruition .
you most certainly should be using approved verbs the list of which can be viewed by running get-verb .
beyond that i name some of my functions with a company acronym prefix in cases where the function is similar to an existing command like get-abcaduser .
otherwise i will just use an extra specific noun making sure it does not exist in get-command first of course .
invoke-testserverbuilder is perfectly acceptable as long as the name makes the most sense for the functionality of the command .
afaik retailers aimed towards consumers and not companies has to include all taxes in the displayed price per eu laws .
someone call the hospital towellie is about to get super triggered
know any good books regarding existing/past cases or informative books regarding the subject that would be interesting reads for a 13yo ?
i wish i bought more when it dipped to 0.67 .
the cables coming out of the wall are blue and orange .
cables coming out of the fan are black brown and blue .
the other ones connected to the cylinder are black and black .
thought i saw some people mention there were a lot of holding penalties that negated some big runs
but your solution '' is to vague to ambiguous to be practically implemented it is a none-solution .
calling me toddler or whatever wo n't change that .
you ca n't even answer basic questions in a non ambiguous way and this is suppose to be law ?
unfortunately your post does n't follow the naming rule as described in this post http www.reddit.com/r/me_irl/comments/2u8n5h/me_irl .
since your post was n't properly titled i was ordered by my programming to remove it .
i had no choice but to do so as i am a robot with no free will .
if you have any questions or think that i messed up contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fme_irl .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/me_irl if you have any questions or concerns .
he 's not leaving me hanging when i have a question he 's just not a banterer .
face to face he 's awesome affectionate expressive and all the good stuff .
some of the most fun i have in life is witty bantering via text .
building a fiber cable network so you can 'see ' a trade coming and raise the stock 's price before the order gets there
i should probably revisit it i played it the week it came out on steam but then 2k18 happened .
i have no idea since i ca n't remember their animations from previous expacs due to not playing for years
so weird reading this today as the only dream i remember from this morning was seeing titties inside a burning school bus ...
it 's not okay to do every day but for some people it might be necessary from time to time .
hi guys i 'm just getting back into collecting action figures since i was in my young teens and i 'm starting with masters of the universe since i rewatched the 1987 movie last week and it reminded me of my love for action figures and all things motu in particular .
i quickly jumped on ebay and made a few bids here and there and lo and behold i actually won an auction for a pair of skeletor and he-man figures .
unfortunately the pictures on the listing are n't very good pic related https anonimage.net/image/qgl0yewmc1 so i ca n't really tell what the figures are going to be like i.e .
so i came here hoping that anybody might be able to tell me what set or whatever these particular figures are from ?
or point me in the direction of a resource where i might find such information .
sorry for being a little all over the place in my first post here and thank you in advance for any responses .
mine has been the opposite i had no idea how many symptoms came along with pregnancy .
most notably i had no idea how fatigued the first trimester would leave me .
i thought it was mostly just barfing and gaining weight .
headaches discharge constant hunger these are all run of the mill things i was totally not expecting !
tamworth is a nice little town it 's a decent ways away from most things but if you live near the center of town it 's great
why would you be bored when you have no pants on ?
from what i remember from when caramoan was airing literally nobody cared about him until the dog bar comment and then he became retroactively beloved as a comedic character .
they also know if they will play first or second the matchups available and what kind of archetype they will be facing when they see a leader before going into the game so is not really the same setting..
it is blown out of proportion here i agree but looking into this stat and saying it is only a matter of mindset is pretty ridiculous
people flying their native flags have nothing to do with disrespecting their adopted homeland .
i find discarding your heritage to be worse then that .
i prefer my kindle paperwhite for readimg i only use my phone if i forget my kindle .
my husband on the other hand uses the kindle app on his phone .
he has an older kindle and i 've asked if he 'd rather have a paperwhite but he says he 'd end up using his phone most likely .
that can be anywhere from 1/40k to 1/4m chance of happening
some of the stuff i see here in terms of complaints about characters and bookings is so off it 's silly .
i 'm not saying that in simply saying that making a bad movie could unintentionally affect the superhero movie genre .
this is n't nsfw or really that trashy just tacky .
it looks like something a little old lady would like .
i could see my grandmother knitting a christmas sweater for this thing .
but she kicked someone out when they did n't move to he back because she was white .
between the wheels red sector a the enemy within imo
it 's toxic because of the low player base and the player base is low because it 's toxic .
i am at a rough estimate thirty billion times more intelligent than you not\_dead\_yet\_fred .
even if this ends in horrible disappointment i 've had more fun in the last week and a half than watching actual football all season .
thank you you 're all crazy in the best way .
i decided to compare pokémon go 's insense and draconius go 's pheromone .
both have a 30 minute effect time but draconius go produced twice as many creatures as pokémon go 's .
here are the creatures captured in each game with each creature 's cp
i tried to keep it lighthearted throughout because i was going as general as possible .
the beautiful part is that with most things innovation is a continuous process not just one big plan that happens all at once .
i 'm glad i could help i hope you find everything you 're looking for
i can tell from the ui and the name tanya it 's definitely from the red alert series and i want to say it 's from the second one .
goku is the only one who is strong enough to compete with jiren .
freeza knows the only way he can be the last fighter left is to let goku do his work '' for him and knock out jiren and anyone else too strong for freeza and handle the rest .
this is his best way to ensure he is the last fighter on stage and get the super dragon balls presumably for something evil
it 's a marble and glass art hunting group primarily here in san antonio .
it offers a great way to explore the area and a rewarding outing whether or not you manage to find the hidden marble .
the man in the picture looks so defeated and sad which kind of seems accurate
its worded vaguely enough that might be the case .
i do n't see why the fbi would be involved if it was n't the case .
lol you definitely thought you were correct tried to tell op he makes no sense then he shut you down
i9 7980xe oc on all cores to 4.0 and 1080ti oc to 2075mhz stable 80fps
i am sitting in newark airport literally about to get on a320 .
the lack of song of the sea really invalidates the entire list .
i do n't have the right bra for that dibs on that flair !
dude i wish i was old enough to have a paypal i would do it myself xd
i dunno oberyn hit tywin the one place you could hurt him the fact that he was secretly up to his ass in debt .
idk if i wan na see the o or the d first
just be aware if you are buying from amazon and you live in australia this may not be compatible
is raw about to go on to blow a 3-0 lead ?
this is one of the best people who has ever played for this organization and i hope that elway sees cj and recognizes that he is n't the issue .
this man had a 100 yard rushing game in the super bowl .
he drug us to victories in 2014 and 2015 .
i hope that he sticks around because he 's the best guy and honestly while not the greatest runner in the game he 's a darn good one .
i hate watching this fucking coaching staff misuse these players and then blame it on execution .
i know we do n't have a starting qb but fucking look at minnesota .
if you 're reading this cj know that this is n't on you .
yeah there 's pride in knowing that 100 people upvoted your comment especially because that means that probably several times that saw it and approved of it due to lurker ratio .
also i think if you get to 100k karma you can go to a special subreddit called century club .
is n't likey their least successful title track so far ?
it 's not wg going to the us '' bad but it looks like what sm has done with serveral of their acts where they might focus too much on japan and end up losing their steam in sk .
it might be deliberate though touring in japan is where the real money is .
edit i just woke up to see this comment downvoted and would just like to say wow .
likey is their least successful title track nobody said anything about album sales which is dependent on fandom not public interest .
i do n't know if you guys new to kpop or just overly defensive .
just pointing out that while it is unlikely it 's still within the realm of possibility .
oh boy just what this sub needs another post whining about being banned from r/lsc .
i have only been gone for like a year i saw the begining of legion thanks for the info
he told me my granddad has been a walking corpse '' for a while now and said he could n't believe i was choosing my family over him .
he kept yelling at me and telling me i stupid for wanting to go home and said when my grandad passes he would make sure i woildnt go to his funeral
reach out to your family even if it 's extended family pack up your belongings and see if you can stay with a friend/find a roommate get back home and see your grandpa .
did it come with a little piece of paper with a code on it ?
everyone is super enthusiastic and people even dress up .
we 're lucky here in australia we see it before most of the rest of the world .
eh they 've never done anything like that before but who knows ?
r/videos requires that your account be older than 7 days in order to submit content here .
this is a spam-prevention method and can not be waived .
please feel free to submit once your account is over 7 days old .
you may also want to consider our minimum karma requirement of at least 10 of each type explained here https reddit.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/204511829-what-is-karma so that you do n't run into any further issues .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
plug in hybrid tech will be affordable and robust enough to allow them to sell as many as people will buy .
darnold was the one who supposedly said anything and it was debunked anyway .
for heaven 's sake you know the answer to your own questions .
you know exactly what your daughter needs and you know that you are incapable of giving it to her .
so find people who will and make sure she spends a lot of time with them !
i 've always felt that the stepping stones are wasteful had i wanted to be a lawyer i would have preferred to start law school as soon as possible instead of getting an undergraduate degree first .
i have my suspicions as to why it 's set up this way .
i 'm 90 sure this is is an edit of a post stolen from r/blackpeopletwitter or somewhere similar .
i had a cushy university job that was boring as hell .
thankfully i left for something more challenging because my career took off greatly after getting out of my comfortable job .
the people i know still at the university not so much progress .
i would like to thank everyone who donated to make this happen .
their thesis does n't even hold up dc has been getting whiter and gave the fewest votes to a republican since it had electoral votes .
cities do n't belong to minorities no more than suburbs belong to white people
i had been designing for some big brands for a while and it was something i 've always wanted to do so just went for it .
i ca n't say its been amazing but i 've definitely had some really solid things happen my launch pop up went really successful which was sick and got loads of people locally keen on the brand .
i 've definitely sold less online that i expected but i think looking at analytics that 's due to the high price of shipping but living in australia there 's not a great deal i can do about that .
big win was scoring a distributor in japan and just finding out at least 3 stores in japan have put in an order with me so that 's dope .
i 've been designing the second line and i 'm feeling way more confident with it than the first so fingers crossed things keep rolling .
long term for me is i 'd love to have a bricks and mortar store but obviously i 'm ages off that but thats my goal .
i know some people come into this wanting to make millions or blow up and be the next hyped brand and whilst that 'd be dope no doubt that 's not why i 'm doing this .
i will admit though that a small part of me misses the days when the red sox and cubs were cursed '' .
not that i dislike either team i just grew up reading and hearing about the two great baseball curses and kinda wish my currently nonexistent kids would get to hear the same .
it was always just a cool part of baseball folklore .
that being said last year 's was maybe the best series i 've ever seen and i was happy to see y'all win .
lord knows y'all waited long enough and i 've got a ton of respect for the cubs ' fanbase as it never ever waivers .
y'all have been one of the moat adamant vocal fanbases my whole life regardless of success .
i believe in science which has a liberal bias s
it should have just been a memory card that did n't require a battery and nothing else .
they still work as memory cards but still beeped annoyingly when the battery was dead for no reason .
ugh that interview at the end was kind of heartbreaking .
i saw a similar thing when someone posted a glitch where the ship was invisible and hell he made a joke about ea but because he bought a game that means everyone had a right to be an asshole to him .
the empire and r/gaming are becoming one of the same
right i 'm one of those people who wakes up when my roommate moves in his bed .
i 'd be side-eyeing whoever thought it tasted like human infant '' .
and niantic indigo did write this comment https www.reddit.com/r/thesilphroad/comments/7e2nvi/pok c3 a9mon_go_travel_event/dq23igx
it 's there to help get people in a better position and i have no problem knowing that a very small percentage of my taxes go to it .
loaded up lubuntu but it wiggled out on me .
then i tried xubuntu and it works well a little lagged though .
i must have gotten my hands on a crappy iso of lubuntu .
i too maxed out the ram and threw an ssd in it .
if they truly deliver it will huge fuck you to everyone that 's been insisting single player games are dead and that witcher 3 was just a one-off anomaly .
that 's like a b to a level budget game and it was an awesome fucking single player experience .
it had some dlc but it was n't anything as egregious as some other games out there .
4x faster block times greater adoption but not the market cap to match
i think we 'll get to know more about the other elevens but it 'll mostly illuminate how the government was conducting these experiments and wo n't necessarily lead to active characters .
even if a few more are alive with powers we already have quite a few characters to follow .
john stamos at disneyland when he was narrating for the candlelight performance i was singing in the choir .
we chatted for a few minutes while we were all waiting to climb the stairs .
if they vetted their candidates properly it would n't happen at all .
they 're lovely girls with cute cards but istg if i get another maki sr from bts i 'll cry especially as i 've had nothing but srs from bts recently .
poor girl is getting the brunt of my frustration .
it 's fucked up already in spanish so translating it to english makes it double fucked up .
which helps absolutely nobody but you and i 'd like to see it fixed for all solus users please see my reply on the other part of the thread .
czech keyboard but the differences are swapped y and z and different numeric keys above the letters .
people like you thought peace signs were cringey too lol
can a court compel a company to create something that does n't exist ?
how many carbs a day should a person consume on average if they are sedentary and never work out or lift ?
to prevent people from driving to the bar leaving the car running while inside getting hammered then driving home drunk .
how were there enough instances of this happening that it was necessary to add this feature ''
people do n't fuck with me because the people looking for trouble are looking for something easier .
get me the stats on niko 's and playing with a deagle .
i 'm open to it but i just do n't think i 'm gay 🤷🏻‍♂️
people say big sean is corny and follow that with hateful speech .
if you have corny shit you 're gon na get called out for it
he rolled over and tried to get to his knees
kim 's peasants love him because they do n't know any better .
why do you suppose daddy so thoroughly hates the fake news '' ?
you probably do n't want to hear this but you do realise that opera students will train for literal decades before being able to sing a proper c5 ?
operatic tenors are n't expected to be able to sing that high until they are well into their late twenties/early thirties and have been studying classical singing for numerous years .
i get that you want to be able to do it but i am warning you that this is a really futile exercise .
every time i️ see something about rdr2 my brain sees it as r2d2 and i️ get so confused
i 've got some shitty speakers but want to get a sub for my little room dayton audio sub-800 8-inch 80 watt powered subwoofer is a good one ?
turn a corner put 5 bullets in someone they fire one bullet and i die .
there 's one thing you 're forgetting though refugees mainly commit sex crimes against the women in refugee camps http www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/01/rrdp-women-fear-violence-rape-refugee-camps-170123180556027.html this is about greece but i could n't find an article about germany in english
crime in germany has last been on it 's high in the 90s when the refugee crisis was not even a topic .
the frequency rate of crimes in actually sank by about 0.5 percent down from 7,797 crimes per 100,000 residents in 2015 to 7,755 crimes per 100,000 people in 2016 .
and when excluding crimes that related to immigration policy violations such as illegal stay or entry the overall number of crimes dropped by 0.7 percent .
looking back over the years the frequency rate has generally hovered between 7,500 and 8,000 crimes per 100,000 reaching a high of 8,337 per 100,000 residents in 1993.
and naturally an increase in refugees from 2014 to 2016 would also bring an increase of refugee violence like that is n't science..
and the vagueness about the horrible things she did to 24 year olds where their parents called the other parents .
i told you how much money i invested in the craigslist ad i posted .
i think the old dark sun take is still best https www.reddit.com/r/dnd/comments/3bvbqh/some_alignment_help/cspxck8
it 's a sniper rifle ... usually it 's a shotgun but i guess all that war playing has gotten me a lot of headshots .
they seem to be talking about your typical fare of go out collect ten bear asses then watch the 15-45 second fiasco that happens and then go collect 10 pristine bear asses which were obviously what you needed instead of those faulty ones and watch the next 15-45 second fiasco where you now have to go collect 10 bundles of herbs for the guy who got hurt .
runescape quests on the other hand are full adventures through areas and open up grinding spots and other tools to aid you or make friendships with the people of the land that leads to more stuff later .
and for the most part there is still a literal shitload of things you can do without ever doing a single quest .
hello your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required tags
you are encouraged to repost this with the proper tag procedure in the title .
before doing so please read our spoilers policy here https www.reddit.com/r/masseffect/wiki/spoilerspolicy .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/masseffect if you have any questions or concerns .
i spend them right away because all they give me is trash .
das kann durchaus sein aber es wird meist irgendwie mit bologna kombiniert und so getan als ob das der grund wäre und vor bologna war alles viel besser .
in wahrheit wurde der umstieg wohl nur generell zur umstrukturierung genutzt und viele verantwortliche denken dass so ein aufbau zeitgemäßer ist .
es ist durchaus auch möglich dass mit der verschulung in einigen bereichen versucht wird den heutigen studenten entgegenzukommen .
wenn die nämlich erwachsene brauchen die sie bei der hand nehmen und vor bösen aussagen beschützen trigger warnings und so dann muss man denen wohl auch sagen wann und wo sie in einer vorlesung sitzen sollen .
ich sehe das als kontraproduktiv an aber was solls .
oh my biggest side effect was hair loss if was bad at first but evened out quickly .
my team was a bunch of potatoes so i felt i had to go damage khepri just to even the tables .
you can change your handle but based on your flair i 'm guessing that 's just a typo
the wall around raqqa 's old city built by the abassid caliphate has limited gates that are easily defensible so isis laid mines and focused their defenses on those gates .
in order to avoid heavy casualties and the destruction of the gates the us lead coalition decided to airstrike two big holes in the gate in order to go around isis 's defenses and defeat them faster .
the plan worked and many lives were spared but there are now two holes in the wall big enough to drive tanks through .
some of their wealthy backers who they really represent are still badgering on about it and putting pressure on them to find new ways of getting it back .
fox 's legally do n't feel pain or fear ?
if you want the hammer and sickle banned i want the american and british flag banned .
i was talking about suspension tuning has nothing to do with acceleration .
if you 're a jr fan and they make an icon mirror finish you must buy one .
my gordon homestead car with a mirror finish is one of my most prized possessions
your tone is really serious and off-putting for some light and fun related subreddit about deduction .
just means a lot less cgi which may not be a bad thing .
imo the jl trailers made it look like cgi porn .
this is n't going to be funny in like 3 days ... but today ?
tomorrow i 'll try adding some stuttery parts and small growls .
the problem is with webextensions sadly and the immense success of chrome fuelled by google 's monopoly .
also if you want free shipping you can download a fake gps app and mark your location to a store and itll think you are inside and gives you free shipping
mine is if a trump quote sounds terrible out of context it sounds worse in context .
oh yes of course who would let someone else cut their tie for 50,000 ?
there is nothing in the constitution that dictates the federal government should be defining marriage against the wishes of the people .
you know that the equal protection clause is in the constitution right ?
many retaliatory votes people down voting points for all houses .
i think this bot is pretty awesome and plan to give points more meaningfully .
but now a week or two later there 's zero .
the right move here is for the witness to leave her contact info on the car that was hit and insurance is usually only good when there is a witness story .
it 's very good at killing anything that moves .
just like with the lighters you ca n't enter with matches in the plane
please see this thread https www.reddit.com/r/boardgamerecommender/comments/41owd0/the_new_home_of_uboardgamerecommender for more information about this bot u/boardgamerecommender v2.00 .
these recommendations are courtesy of u/simiansays who wrote the board game recommender .
and i do n't find any material difference between earth and mars in the regard listed above and the reasons why one is a non-starter are fully applicable to the other .
it does n't matter if cow dung costs 1000/kg or 100/kg no-one 's lining up to buy it either way ... until there 's a massive price drop brought in turn by someone establishing a beaten path requiring low travel costs ... whoops one of those pesky circular causilites in the space colonization debate .
once in season 37 by jason sudeikis as mitt romney .
hey new york let 's start the show ! ''
feels like i 'm taking crazy pills on this sub though .
people seem to be either fanatically devoted to the show and explain away or deny any criticism or they 're hung up on continuity issues which are imo moo .
definitely sounds worth it at least once for the experience
infection in the teeth can be so dangerous too .
my dad had that and it spread to his jaw .
had he not finally allowed my mom to take him to the dentist because of the increasing pain he could have been dead .
he needed to get surgery because it had already affected his jaw and then got some super strong antibiotics .
dr. nguyen may very well have saved the guy 's life .
it 's uh ... . a total of like 13 btc spread across many sells .
and i agree it 's pleasant to the eye .
whenever you 're planning on going out ask her before that .
if you two do stuff on a regular basis then do n't worry about the timing it should n't matter since you are as close to a couple without being official . ''
yi 4k would be the current best one i think .
just needs to come with an amp system in the basket that blasts the imperial march on a loop .
i do n't expect you to be thinking clearly right now though because i know saying anything bad about kermit triggers some of you fellas that 's half the fun .
ale teď to sněží a sněží a sněží další víc prostě nikdy nekončí !
a tam já byla v stavu zmatku myslení o jaké stálo mi .
i attend as a way of supporting my wife .
it 's my way of saying i love you so what is important to you is important to me . ''
that said that love also manifests itself in the desire to be honest with my wife as well as with myself .
that 's why my efforts to support her activity in the church stop at me being able to state any belief in its teachings .
i 'd pay off the 1.5k 18.5 mastercard asap like with your first paycheck .
then aggressively pay down the other mastercard and lastly the visa .
i 'm assuming if you took 2 years off work you learned how to live pretty frugally i would stick with that mindset until you are debt free .
they purposely block out dates for socal pass holders on weekends .
i mean it 's cheap so it makes sense .
you can pretty much only go on weekdays but if you have a job that 's hard to get by .
and with the money you 're spending you have to calculate how many times you have to go in a year to make it worth how much you 're paying for the pass .
most socal pass holders i know of that has a job and works full time they go after work .
so they go in the evenings for a few hours and drive back .
most of my friends and i prefer to go there early do a lot of fun things and come back in the evening .
but it 's really based on your personal preference .
i love disneyland and have been going since i was a kid .
i 'd rather pay for the top two tier passes .
you acting like hes an actual cavs fan tho hes a lebron stan
how did that professor know what class he 's talking about ?
how did he read that and go this is my class ! ''
almost all class i 've had in college started out full only to drop half by the end of semester professors do n't really do a curve etc .
which we should note they have a nasa used p-3 was brought in a few days ago and additional assets like the sub rescue vehicle are apparently on standby .
or maybe he was just so feared physically that no one dared fight him .
yea according to regi sven was just not communicating well with the team about his invades and would just walk into the enemy jungle .
mike seems very promising because he came in and took a very vocal role on p1 from the very beginning and it 's a rare quality for a rookie .
sure but that does n't make them any more valuable than regular tickets .
but reading through the replies here i started wondering if there was more to it than that .
i 'd hate to find out after burning all my ex tickets that there 's a particular reason to save them .
a more likely explanation is that people use up their standard tickets chasing banner units and in the process pull enough other units that they have no reason to use their ex tickets .
for his if card it 's fun to sub in insigne as a sub .
for his rare gold paulinho is a great sub .
you do n't get a lot of commissions because people do n't want the service .
accusing me of not dealing with it means nothing .
ww2 in color is about as good as it gets for ww2 .
i found the sony mdr 100 abn in bordeaux-pink for a little under 150€
i hate to break this to you but some of your facts are wrong .
the sakura games are made by winged cloud http store.steampowered.com/search ? developer=winged 20cloud .
sekai project does n't even sell it on their storefront .
muv-luv is published and localized by degica http store.steampowered.com/app/449830/muvluv .
please double check the developers and publishers if the games you list off to make sure you are n't inaccurate in the future .
da al za dvjesto kuna ti i frend odnesete nekome perilicu na drugi kat .
nećeš naći ništa za raditi na netu bez imalo truda .
i 've previously had success getting them to open a new account for me by peeling off credit from my mpe to open a marriott card .
the reasons i were given for denial were too many requests from credit '' and too much credit from chase '' .
the first rep somehow thought i was asking to pc my mpe to a marriott but then i replied laying out in explicit detail exactly what i wanted them to do and the next rep made it happen .
for future infinite warfare and advanced warfare run decently split screen bo3 is really low quality though .
for modern they pretty much all work fine but i 'd say black ops 2 for good coop zombies or modern warfare 2 for versus .
i more or less meant to address typo 's .
i do n't think there was any doubt that this was the system you 'd be using .
toonhud which i normally use has this button as well but the console wo n't show up .
what i meant with toonhud being more broken is that i ca n't even go to the items or store but i can access them with the stock hud .
just do n't get on his bad side . ''
we just moved back into a 2 bedroom again after downsizing and i fear for what will accumulate in that room !
this is on linux no extra gpu installed the intel video drivers and vainfo .
enabled hw transcoding in plex server settings and bam !
here is another screenshot with the hover over the stream notice the hw .
but seriously i 'm glad to see that mudiay has improved so much this season .
someone broke the rule and posted r/fightsub in a thread and now ... .. fuck
a bard is basically the full casting version of a rogue .
they 're honestly a better magical rogue than arcane trickster in a lot of ways .
i 'm really happy to see that he 's the last thing that we 'll see on the ppv .
but i️ have no way to get 5 a day on just one toon from my order hall .
well shit it looks like he 's achieved his goal if that 's the case .
one ways get 12 hour max layover not any stopovers aside from destination .
change fee is 100+tax+any increase in yq per direction .
there is real demand for usdt reduce the crypto exposure but do not cash out to fiat due to tax concerns
i grew up around dogs and loved a few particular dogs namely my grandfather 's very smart but aloof boston terrier .
but i maintain i 'm not a dog person because i only really like smaller or old dogs .
it 's not too much to ask an animal to respect my personal space .
i 've been attacked by bigger aggressive they 're just friendly '' dogs too many times as a kid .
it still pisses me off when people let their huge dogs run around without a leash and they jump on me or lick me .
that is the saddest thing i 've seen on reddit in a month geeze .
for a second i thought this was an announcement that dinklage was cast in a star wars movie .
i 've only watched fight club read invisible monsters choke and survivor in that order .
by the time i read survivor his formulaic nature was readily apparent .
every one here that is commenting about predicting the endings '' ... that 's not what u/starfire1003 said .
formulaic is different than being able to predict the ending .
you might not know what the ending is but you know it 's going to be some ridiculous twist .
and if you know that the endings are easier to have a few assumptions about .
i love chuck 's books rant is next on the list but he 's definitely a formula author .
sometimes i wish he 'd just take it down the court himself instead of passing back to grant on the inbound
one of the stupidest endings i may have ever seen at the end of a ppv .
slow clap of pure disgust and embarrassment as a fan
yes braun is awesome but beyond that stupid as fuck
i swear i 've seen 1000 if you told me x years ago that y would be doing so well i would 've thought you were crazy .
well no shit sherlock you 're on the marvel studios subreddit that 's kinda why we 're here !
i deleted mine ages ago it 's called feedon i do n't feel i fit to constantly check or hear bulkshit stories with fake people pretending their life 's are perfect
but from what ive seen its to fans who absolutely deserve it .
the entitled pricks who dont think writers are allowed to have a life besides writing .
he 's gon na get the belt eventually and run with it .
have you see those teams in an online qualifier for the major ?
sk is definitely one that loses online to low tier teams just look at pro league results
https swarfarm.com/profile/krazypunk1018 these are my mons what do you guys recommend my defense and offense should be ?
ca n't pass up the playmaking of doncic for a center right now .
lavine ca n't play the point he 's proven that in minny .
move dunn to an off ball defender role a la beverly or smart .
at least one young guy did n't look like crap in the main event
i can see where you 're coming from but a democracy is for the people and these people are french citizens .
to my understanding you cant just buy a building and make it a church or mosque you 'll need to meet all the zoning requirements mandated by the government .
these people are protesting the government because they feel it is n't taking their needs and they are french citizens as seriously as they believe they should .
more people does n't mean its more valuable of course but if the citizens of a country are demonstrating a need that the government is failing to act upon i think protesting is merited .
again i 'm not a muslim nor do i have any interest in mosques but i can see where they 're coming from at least in this specific issue .
i always had good intentions to wake up and get to work but i would be dealing with a hangover .
my workouts were mediocre and the alcohol and aftermath including court ignition interlock etc was costing me an arm and a leg both in time and money .
i can not tell you the difference it has made not drinking !
my business is thriving my time is now mine and not spent consumed by guilt and nursing a hangover .
yep that was definitely one of the worst parts of batman vs. superman and there were many bad parts .
i 'm not sure why snyder thought shooting superman 's best friend during his introduction would go well with dc fans .
if i was traveling somewhere that dog was on the menus i might try it .
i have all our pets prioritized as to who gets eaten first in a post-apocalyptic situation cats first then dogs finally bird .
please remember to click the flair button under your post and select an appropriate flair .
if you 've already done so please ignore this comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fellowkids if you have any questions or concerns .
what i was saying is that most people would n't crap on their team after a win i think .
most frequently toxicity happens when blaming a loss on others .
yeah man what an ass for asking to use spoiler tags so they do n't see the winner in the title .
not saying you 're wrong just that i would word it differently .
if you like uncle boonmee you should check out his other films i would recommend tropical malady and syndrome and a century .
sit back relax and enjoy your senior year of hs .
and she was right they were fucking up the pics .
she gave them time to move and they did n't so she had to ask them to .
first of all i disagree on there not being contradictions but as churches teach rationalizations for those contradictions that vary in believability let 's take your claim at face value for the sake of argument .
what about a book being noncontradictory makes it true ?
the people writing later were aware of those who came before .
it 's like saying the book of mormon is true because it does n't contradict the bible according to mormons anyway
actual historical evidence that the events in the new testament actually happened .
roman records about jesus confirming his resurrection and burial and a missing body at least a lack of contradiction in when jesus was born .
some evidence that herod ordered all the baby boys killed .
ever heard just as i am played as the preacher begged people to accept jesus ?
i believe they mention it in the very first episode they appear .
thank you for sharing your experience it really helps to know that i 'm not alone .
i 'm surrounded by women with multiple children both in my family and friend group .
all of my close friends constantly talk about having kids and how they would this and that revolving around children .
and i say things too like how i would raise them and so on .
even though when in the back of mind i know it might not happen or id have to adopt or we would n't be able to adopt because of insert reason ... and i agree about my mom .
i talk to her a lot and we have been getting along .
we are a lot the same but still very different .
i really think i let her get away with so much bullshit because of what i 've seen her go through and deal with on her own .
but i really ca n't be her happiness when it is so emotionally draining on myself .
there was some crummy mac se 3-d helicopter program that we used to play in the school computer lab .
to make it more interesting we hooked up a second mouse so one person was in control of left-right a second had up-down and the third would actually shoot .
we managed to get a computer science professor to join in one time which was great fun for us as we were all shouting directions at each other but less fun for everyone in the lab attempting to work we had to give up after just a couple games because we were getting too many dirty looks but no one wanted to ask the prof to be quiet .
he spent a lot of time criticizing clinton for being tied to the saudis for sure .
for sure do n't fear the eagles in the playoffs based on what i 've seen here
it sucks to say i do n't think it 's for you because i love it but i do n't want you to regret it either .
i 'd fuck any sentient creature that wants it .
that 's not totally true latam is way to huge one part mexico central america and caribean need a server in east coast usa because internet is connected to the nap so the closest way to get the lower latency will be to have a server on miami .
second group of latam is explicity south america colombia to argentina so this group needs a different server brazil or something because is their closest point to the internet .
so in other words we need a server located in miami for all east coast usa users and for mexico central america and the caribean
must they always sacrifice ppv”s just to set up triple h 's wrestlemania opponent .
i mean the camera work was weird but everyone was into it and the presenter afterwards said he needed to catch his breath .
at least the people who were there were shook .
if you mean this it 's a japanese character katakana for tsu .
it really just comes down to how you define what it means to be patriotic .
america really sucks ass in a whole lot of ways buts it 's also great in a lot ways .
i think anyone who thinks criticizing the government is unpatriotic has no clue what it really means to be a patriot .
similarly i 'll always come to the defense of the south when people act like we 're nothing but hicks .
we have plenty of flaws but it 's my home and i love it .
i put all the money in the safe but now i ca n't remember the combination .
as in a female flashes and gets fucked or acts horny infront of someone and get fucked ?
my family is bored with the classic american thanksgiving and asked for something different this year .
i decided to go with a kind of mediterranean tapas fusion but i 'm not sure about it and would love some feedback and thoughts .
for note i 'm cooking on saturday not thursday .
i 'm making everything from scratch except for the cheeses and cured meats most of it can be made ahead of time and simply assembled before serving .
on mobile so hopefully i get reddit formatting correct .
artichokes al ajillo kalamata olives marinated in orange and thyme spicy tuna salad smoked paprika almonds mixture of cheeses and cured meats
turkey breast brined in pomegranate juice and prepared like a traditional porchetta with cranberry sauce and brown gravy
i come from python where for loops used to be still are as simple for item in items
i started with simple '' js where i learned for var i 0 i items.length i .. pretty ugly but it made sense..
for let item in items .. which somehow works similarly to python except that item is the index however then i found out there is also for let item for items .. and there is the foreach loop and then i also need to use the hasownproperty function and all in a sudden i 'm lost in 5 or more ways to just do a simple for loop .
can someone please explain me briefly the difference and particularly why i should not use for let item in items .. when i should instead use the for let item for items and what 's the deal with hasownproperty
i have no idea what goes on behind the till at the coffee shop so i do n't know if this is possible .
i like the taste of espresso although on the strong side but the experience itself a small cup of 2 or 3 sips is not something i enjoy especially since i like to sit there and read for a while .
americano filter coffee black coffee whatever you wan na call it i find is too diluted and weak in taste .
would be nice to have something in between like an espresso with a bit of extra water to make a small cup .
americano/filter coffee with less water or espresso with added water or is there a name for a short drink like this ?
infused aria 5 keys 3 keys for chest only .
mark of the blood moon set lycan full 13 keys
for suppliers i buy sets for 19:1 csgo 18:1 tf gems 1:165
feel free to join the steam group for support and information about rate updates !
hey guys i have been back and forth a million times working on this build for several months now .
i feel as though i have finally come to my final '' setup .
i have decided on the case in particular for future upgrades for the plans of a full custom loop will have dual graphics cards at that point as well .
this is my starting point for the final '' stage .
anything in particular that you would go ahead and change improve knock back ?
edit i left out what the build is planned for .
obviously gaming is in the future and i will be working on coding rendering and possibly graphic design .
i took 10mg of adderall ir yesterday and 40mg of ritalin la methylphenidate hcl extended release about 3 hours ago today about 25 hours after the dose of adderall i took yesterday .
i have n't used any stimulants for 1 year so right now i have no tolerance to them at all .
after about 1 hour of taking the methylphenidate today i started having a very high heart rate 130 and i felt very physically stimulated to the point where i got anxious it might be a heart attack .
it has been 2 hours since my heart rate was 130 bpm and right now my heart rate is 100 bpm and i 'm more calm however i still have left sided chest pain .
my worst fears are a heart attack hypertensive crisis because of this .
i have oxazepam 5mg tablets should i take some to reduce my blood pressure ?
should i get to a hospital to make sure i 'm fine ?
long story here i 'll try to make quick .
i bought a glass cuff bracelet for my girlfriend now wife many years ago at gathering of the vibes from a vendor .
it recently broke and i 'm trying to find the name of a vendor who i 've seen at nearly every music festival to see if i can replace it .
you know that vendor that sells blown glass everything other jewelry and who knows what else .
or if anyone knows any place to buy blown glass bracelets online .
are there any companies still using this super efficient framework ?
believe it or not i have a 700 member server which only few people talk in general daily .
i 've noticed in most of these public small servers like under 400 their are often more than 1 owner .
so 5 people owning a public server on top of the active chats due to them actively knowing '' eachother where as me i started my server alone acquired a few 3 mods through my 5 month journey of owning a growing server .
i just need a way to get people active in chat we have over 20 bots fyi .
which they do n't interact with ... and the mods do their job of modding sometimes talk .
5v5 or 3v3 as long as there is matchmaking a queue
i received your card yesterday in the mail and my daughter loved it !
thank you for sending us a smile right before such a stressful week !
i while ago i stopped by the gas station on my way home from work and grabbed a bag of cheetos .
i got home and started snacking while watching a little youtube .
turns out i was way more tired than i thought since i fell asleep on the couch only to wake up around 3am just to crawl in bed .
the next day i had forgotten all about my cheetos and for about a week after that .
one day i 'm picking up my room a tad and what do i find under my couch but those damn cheetos bag left wide open and kicked under the couch to be forgotten .
now i 'm not a brave man but that day some unholy spirit possessed me to actually tastes one these cheetos .
these were fossils an ancient whisper of what once might have been a delicious cheesy snack .
i 've bitten rocks with more crunch and flavor than these sad little corn sticks .
and those were still less stale than the memes on this poster .
i have an extra copy so i figure i might as well give it away .
first time posting here so please go easy on me and its only one key so get it fast !
i ca n't figure out a good way for the samples bpm to match the projects bpm it is either off time or as soon as it 's warped it gets thrown off again .
been at it for a while now and ca n't find a good tutorial
in episode 4 of the punisher castle and madani do their best to simulate a need for speed car race .
what gets me is that when they are doing their chicken routine micro pops out of nowhere in the middle and tbones madani .
the kicker is that he 's blamed as if he did that on purpose .
they are in chase for awhile away from micro and after castle loses her madani corners him and a game of chicken occurs .
how could micro have been there let alone see them without being seen and time it perfectly to nail madani .
i know this is silly frank loses all of his blood in every episode and is probably part bullet now with how many he has taken but this really stood out to me in my first binge through and is again on my second .
i have seen people asking for legs for these savior 's hide especially for a long time so these mods should be useful for you .
i have had the savior 's hide mod uploaded for years but i just recently redid it so it should look much better and not have any of the problems of the old version .
could be the most electric player at qb since vick.. what is there not to like ?
what if we could grab barkley with the 3rd pick and snag jackson whenever we need to ?
then get chris kirk or ridly later on in the first ?
or could you see us pick lamar 1 overall ?
the time has come '' the walrus said to talk of many things
to make sure you do n't spoil anything sensitive !
so this is a strange question but i built a device and it included a 2x16 lcd screen .
due to the space constraints on my enclosure i had to install the screen upside-down '' .
i am using adafruit 's charlcd python library https github.com/adafruit/adafruit_python_charlcd to display information .
is there a way to configure the screen to flip the orientation 180 degrees ?
are there any displays that are more robust/cooler that i can get for somewhat decent price and uses as many or fewer gpio pins than the 16x2 ?
i just received my first test result back after being on 2mg e and 100mg spiro for about 1.5 months .
i have n't spoken to my endo yet and the result is only back for estradiol 17 beta pg/ml value 189 .
i 'm not sure what this means or if i 'm reading it right .
can someone give me a little insight if this is good ?
i keep seeing some ominious messages on single player on the signs that are supposed to give you gameplay hints .
i just read one that said there 's no going back now rick .
you always knew there was never any chance of going back anyway '' and i saw another a few days ago that said something like please come home rick .
i cant seem to locate my weaboo voiceovers did wg removed those from the game ?
because of thanksgiving we will be giving you two weeks to schedule this series from today to monday december 4th .
captains will also choose if they wish to play a bo3 or bo5 it 's up to them .
if you ca n't agree on it contact me and we 'll try to sort it out .
congratulations to aristar allstars and enigma stole our bikes for making it here and good luck to both teams in the finals .
murkrow is catchable before you get to the first trial in the hau'oli cemetery .
murkrow and honchkrow are pretty strong and good pokemon .
have it be your first pokemon out in a totem battle maybe put a quick claw on it in case the totem is faster and can one-hit ko it and immediately start the battle with haze .
because of this i was able to easily take down a lot of the totem pokemon like araquanid lurantis mimikyu and ribombee .
i need an api to get forex data with 10,000 checks per day .
i 've already found something exactly like this but it costs 90 a month .
as long as you upvote this thread and my comment down below .
want to talk about a product that is a hg or hf to you ?
are there any new products that you 're patch testing ?
pictures of hauls are allowed as long as you list all of the products in the haul tell us where you bought it from !
talk about all things ab or non-ab minus the selfies !
you know its a common thing for almost every engineering is to learn number system and one of the most important sector of that is 2 ' complement in binary numbers .
tried to find the answer of why we add this 1 after flipping the values of a binary value and most of the logic i came to see were more like what happens when we add this 1 after flippingthe values '' or something .
thinking these i had this weird but kind of simple and silly explanation but i cant be sure if its correct or whatever .
first off lets see an application of this 2 's complement .
we all use calculators which are mostly made of circuits that take inputs as decimal value and then convert them to binary and then use different logic gets to perform certain task and then convert the result to decimal equivalent and show that value .
as we there are three logic gates and none of them subtracts directly on their own .
so when we click the minus '' button the not gate flips the binary values of every digit or number and then adds that value with the other number we input to subtract .
in short if we give 5-2 '' as input the machine makes it 5 2 '' and finds the result .
but the question is as 1 's complement when we flipped the binary digits the value should 've been negative either way .
like we simply changed the direction to opposite and kept the value same so technically that should be the final negative value .
but to find the actual negative form we add 1. why ?
no matter how complex mathematics gets everyday originally its just counting and different ways to count things easily and with better efficiency .
when we say 5 we start counting from 1 and stop at 5 as we count anything whole otherwise we start from 0. since integer numbers are a whole each we start from 1 .
lets draw a number line and put digits till 5 on each side of 0. now for 5 we start counting from 1 and eventually we 'll end up on the 5th point .
now for 5 lets do the counting to the opposite direction from 1 and now that we have an extra 0 to tap we will end in the point that says 4. so to get 5 we have to go an extra point and that is our added 1 in the 2 's complement .
in short that 0 is the reason of all this according to my silly head .
let me know where im wrong and ill fix my head
hi i am an editor at a magazine working on a piece related to psychiatric issues .
the piece is claiming that psychiatric medications injected into a patient 's buttocks could just as easily be injected into a patient 's upper arm instead .
could anyone let me know whether this is true or provide me a rationale for why this is not the case ?
i 'm watching the monogatari for the first time and i 'm really getting tired of pausing the videos to read the text screen .
i 'm sure we could do some nice website to use on a second screen while watching the series .
i guess we would screenshot the text screens and put a timestamp on it so we could easily follow the anime and the text screen at the same time .
let me know if you 're interested either in helping with such a project or just interested in the results .
i have a server with a website so i can easily host the result of the project but i 'd need some help screenshotting everything .
if it has already been done even though i 'm not aware of that can someone give me a link ?
edit to make things clear i 'm not asking for money or donation the only way to contribute to this project if it is done would be to help screenshot and upload the text screens
! check how many sets the bot have available and how much you can craft
please use this thread to discuss/brag about your fantastic mothers in law .
this thread is meant to be like our own personal r/eyebleach or r/aww .
i know python has heapq and queue.priorityqueue but honestly both of them are really cumbersome compared to java 's priorityqueue .
i find it tedious to have to insert a tuple with the first element in the tuple defining the priority .
also it makes it hard to write more complex comparisons .
is there a way we can pass in a comparator to the priorityqueue ?
i know it 's possible to define classes with their own comparator method but again this is really tedious and i 'm looking for something as close as possible to java 's pq .
if you have more prize cards remaining than your opponent this card provides c c c energy .
if you have more prize cards remaining than your opponent and this card is attached to a pokemon that is n't a pokemon-ex pokemon-gx or a pokemon ◇ once during your turn before you attack you may draw up to two cards .
◇ prism star rule you ca n't have more than 1 prism star card with the same name in your deck .
if a prism star card is discarded put it in the lost zone .
jan 2 2018 i want to start the day at the 9/11 memorial .
i will be attending the knicks game that night .
in between i am looking to drink good beer/cocktails .
where has good ipas and food in the msg area ?
also is there anything in between the 9/11 memorial and msg that will be nice and touristy to stop by on the way to the game ?
trying to plan an efficient day with as many stops as possible from the memorial to msg .
my girlfriend and i are big foodies and love all foods .
i would love to hear some of your favorites in the area that i will be that day .
welcome to the daily altcoin discussion thread of r/ethtrader .
all sub rules apply here so please review our rules page https www.reddit.com/r/ethtrader/about/rules to become familiar with them .
the rules page is also linked in the announcement bar above .
this thread is intended as a welcome place for discussion of all non-ethereum related crypto .
newcomers who have basic questions about ethereum can find answers by visiting r/ethereumnoobies or our ethereum education wiki page see here https www.reddit.com/r/ethtrader/wiki/education .
to view live streaming comments for this thread click here https reddit-stream.com/comments/auto .
account permissions are required to post comments through reddit-stream.com .
1 fix matchmaking i hate being matched with people who say oh this is my first game in casual .
they should make a beginner casual and a casual where the only way to get in is by have so many gods mastered or hours played
2 fix ranked i have played with plats in my clan and can hold my own value the feedback i get love and want to learn how to be a better player .
yet somehow playing in gold or silver is a whole new meta that people have no clue how to rotate .
also mics should be required or at least have a lobby with mics only
3 when i buy gems especially on sale i would love to be able to split them between accounts .
my son and i both play and it sucks when i get him some and i cant reap any of the benefits without buying another of the same value .
4 overall i think they need to have a beginner area/lobby system that your forced into playing in until you master so many gods even more than now or maybe even have a few diamonds in there .
also would be nice even for each mode like for conquest you need to log so many hours in the beginner section in order to move up to casual then ranked etc..
these are my main gripes and yes i have many more but this would be a good start !
this is the best tl dr i could make original https www.cnbc.com/2017/11/17/wall-street-is-freaking-out-as-ea-caves-again-to-social-media-outrage-over-its-star-wars-game.html reduced by 65 .
ea 039 s quot star wars battlefront ii quot officially launches on friday but portions of the game went live on nov. 9 for the company 039 s ea access and origin access subscribers .
the quot star wars battlefront ii quot quot bumpy launch week creates incremental risk to early unit sales .
we think unit sales could come in below ea 039 s earlier fy18 outlook for around 14mn units . ''
the analyst is hopeful upside from the publisher 039 s sports titles will make up for faltering sales results for quot star wars battlefront ii. quot .
even before the recent social media fight other analysts were concerned over quot star wars battlefront ii quot prospects .
quot if star wars can encourage users to spend real money on virtual goods the game could drive meaningful upside to f 039 18 and 039 19 eps but this is not a certainty quot o 039 shea wrote in a note to clients on nov. 1 entitled quot star wars battlefront 2 a trick or a treat ? quot .
electronic arts issued a securities filing with the sec friday concerning its decision to suspend in-game purchases in quot star wars battlefront ii. quot .
summary source http smmry.com/https www.cnbc.com/2017/11/17/wall-street-is-freaking-out-as-ea-caves-again-to-social-media-outrage-over-its-star-wars-game.html faq http autotldr.io 245203 summaries so far . ''
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords wars 1 star 2 battlefront 3 game 4 percent 5
post found in r/gamming http np.reddit.com/r/gamming/comments/7efp61/ea_stock_is_down_but_not_for_the_reason_you_think r/inthenews http np.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/7dtfbj/wall_street_is_freaking_out_as_ea_caves_again_to r/wallstreetbets http np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/7dnq1h/ea_stock_literally_crashes_after_euphoric_godlike r/dailytechnewsshow http np.reddit.com/r/dailytechnewsshow/comments/7dplld/wall_street_is_freaking_out_as_ea_caves_to_gamers r/starwarsbattlefront http np.reddit.com/r/starwarsbattlefront/comments/7dlh67/wall_street_is_freaking_out_as_ea_caves_again_to r/pcmasterrace http np.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/7dmfka/cnbc_wall_street_is_freaking_out_as_ea_caves r/worldnews http np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/7dliyh/wall_street_is_freaking_out_as_ea_caves_again_to r/news http np.reddit.com/r/news/comments/7dngx6/ea_outrages_wall_street_again r/gaming http np.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/7dle1o/wall_streets_latest_opinion_on_the_ea_shenanigans r/starwarsbattlefront http np.reddit.com/r/starwarsbattlefront/comments/7dlhvx/wall_street_is_freaking_out_as_ea_caves_again_to r/fifa http np.reddit.com/r/fifa/comments/7dp58b/watch_and_learn_rfifa_wall_street_is_freaking_out r/swgalaxyofheroes http np.reddit.com/r/swgalaxyofheroes/comments/7dp3f9/pow_right_to_the_kisserea_stock_taking_hit_over r/nomans_skyeffect http np.reddit.com/r/nomans_skyeffect/comments/7dofid/big_dogs_aint_so_big r/fifa http np.reddit.com/r/fifa/comments/7dnu41/ea_stock_is_down_7_as_battlefront_2_sales_plummet r/games http np.reddit.com/r/games/comments/7dn4gz/wall_street_is_freaking_out_as_ea_caves_again_to r/gaming http np.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/7dlgyd/eas_stock_is_sinking_like_a_stone r/autonewspaper http np.reddit.com/r/autonewspaper/comments/7dlico/top_stories_wall_street_is_freaking_out_as_ea r/starwarsbattlefront http np.reddit.com/r/starwarsbattlefront/comments/7dlggg/this_ladies_and_gentleman_is_how_change_happens and r/nbcauto http np.reddit.com/r/nbcauto/comments/7dl9rx/top_stories_wall_street_is_freaking_out_as_ea .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic .
please do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
my psychiatrist just prescribed an anti anxiety medication that is n't safe in overdose .
i do n't know if i can trust myself with it .
i really love rebellious because it priories the benefits for the community .
i got my sim lifespan on long and well ... getting a few old people showing up and no babies being made .
katrina the usual landgraab parents mortimer are now elders and more and more elders are cropping up .
yet i 've yet to see pregnant townies and new children .
is there something i have to do to activate this ?
i 've seen posts on the ea forums suggesting there 's no story progression for sims ... and pc players have access to mods .
so really am i looking at an eventual ghost town ?
i keep having the hardest time going more than a week without porn and masturbation .
i know i have some form of porn-induced ed because my erections are not as firm without porn and it is harder for me to get off so it has been recommended for me to stay away from both porn and masturbation .
have any of you guys been able to go pornfree for more than 30 days while still continuing to masturbate ?
how do you manage to masturbate without being led back to porn ?
hey guys so i encountered this problem today as i was streaming .
i hit live in obs and streamed for an hour but it seems like during that time my stream never showed up at all and instead it was continuing to autohost somebody in my list .
the correct stream title and game name were displayed but not my video itself .
it was only happening on the desktop app and website and not on mobile per what my mods told me .
this is the first time this has happened to me as usually autohost is disabled once i go live as it should .
i talked to another fellow streamer who said this is what happened to her recently as well .
i 'm not seeing anything in terms of this being an error so i was wondering if it was also affecting others and if this was an issue they were looking into .
i was brewing up a`new character checking out some slayer archetypes and came across this amusing gem from the cutthroat archetype
at 6th level as a swift action a cutthroat can attempt a steal combat maneuver against a dead or unconscious target or a studied target he has just confirmed a critical hit against .
a dead or unconscious opponent takes a –10 penalty to its cmd against this maneuver .
if a dead opponent gets a 10 to its cmd that implies a dead opponent gets a cmd roll in the first plays .
and that strikes me as both bizarre and hilarious .
i can imagine it now you go to take a nifty weapon from the corpse of an enemy to use its might against your other foes when the dm gets an evil glint in his eye and to your panic and confusion asks you what your cmb is ... .
we want to automate dumping physical cds to iso files is there any way to do it in powershell ?
all i found about it is about creating iso files from a directory not from existing disks
i know i can use it but i want to create verbatim copies of physical disk also why make iso if i could just copy files over ?
well i think this is great deal geekvape karma kit coppery http couponsfromchina.com/2017/02/03/geekvape-karma-kit-coppery-coupon-price-gearbest great price !
azkend 2 the world beneath 6.99 0.99 https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=com.the10tons.azkend_2 hl=en
heroes of kalvela 4.99 0.99 https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=com.the10tons.heroesofkalevala hl=en
tennis in the face 2.99 0.99 https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=com.the10tons.tennisintheface hl=en
ticket to ride 6.99 1.99 https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=com.daysofwonder.tt.android hl=en
call of duty black ops zombies 6.99 2.99 https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=com.activision.boz hl=en
tryna get a karambit vanilla for 4 keys and a bayonet doppler !
i know many people here are enjoying their new surface products .
i was doing the same thing two years ago until i started getting all these problems with my surface pro 4 .
now when my screen flickering/shaking problem became unbearable and because it seems to be a hardware problem and ms is passive regarding the satisfaction of their customers i decided no more surface products for me .
black friday/pre-christmas time seems to be a perfect time for purchasing a replacement .
there are generally several choices currently available on the market however i focused on hp spectre x360 13 '' and lenovo yoga 920 as they seem to be receiving quite good reviews and generally tick all the boxes for me
3. enough juice to handle everything you can throw at it except specialist software obviously
however pricing for both laptops is quite high and what really frustrates me is that there is no optimal configuration available from anywhere i was looking .
if you want 16gb of ram as i would prefer you have to pay for
i7 processor 8th gen i5 seems like an extremely capable chip so no need in i7 for me
1tb/512gb ssd 256gb is enough for me in the era of 50 external hard drive and cloud storage .
therefore i am curious if there are going to be models with i5/16gb configurations in the nearest future ?
is the limited range of configurations associated with the relative freshness '' of these devices and it will change in a month or so or configurations usually remain the same throughout the lifetime of the product ?
i am mainly interested in x360 spectre and yoga 920 but if anyone has any other suggestions regarding a surface replacement please share your thoughts/experience .
need info on traveling to revelstoke for the first time ?
for new and experienced snowboarders with any questions at all about snowboarding including gear learning what to wear where to go what terminplogy is rad etc .
please ask questions in this thread and let the r/snowboarding community help out .
this is meant as a judgement-free and welcoming environment for noobs to ask any kind of question related to snowboarding no matter how dumb it may seem .
if atleti wins tomorrow there is a good chance we still place top of the group .
since atletico only has 3 points and a slim chance of qualification do you think they will play hard against roma and later us ?
i know they would still like to impress in the cl but i cant see them getting out of group stages unless qarabag pulls off a win against either us or roma .
https www.xnxx.com/video-fd5wl2d/my_teen_in_doggystyle does anyone know who or if there is more
river said if they lost star they 'd have to adopt a new princess .
this means butterfly magic is n't exclusive to one family line https i.ytimg.com/vi/onetiynuk74/maxresdefault.jpg .
so ... eclipsa had an older sister whom she convinced to fake her death and live out her life away from the responsibility of ruling a kingdom ... on earth !
eclipsa quickly masters magic her mother dies a mysterious early death and queen eclipsa rules into her early 20s before being caught delving into dark magic and consorting with monsters .
she flees has meteora with the last prince of monsters btw he 's the prince of monsters and gets herself crystalized while meteora grows up in hiding sustaining herself for centuries on stolen magic slowly losing her mind in the process .
so ... the magical high commission comes up with a plan to keep the kingdom going .
they find an orphan girl and put her on the throne telling the people she 's some long-lost heir miraculously discovered in her kingdom 's time of need controlling morale https vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/star-and-the-forces-of-evil/images/9/90/festivia_the_fun_tapestry.png while they act as regents .
this starts a new line of butterflys '' that leads all the way to queen moon and princess star .
but after eclipsa is cleared of all charges and her half-monster daughter comes out of hiding in star 's new post-racial mewni the butterfly deception is revealed !
the one true queen and her daughter the true princess of both mewmans and monsters assume the throne to much fanfare as star 's family flees to earth and the high commission is disbanded .
until they show their true evil plan which i 'm sure will be apocalyptic .
the public will never believe star or moon that eclipsa is evil ...
but they have a trump card ... prince marco diaz https 78.media.tumblr.com/b5057fae7b775c8db104af97f82127d0/tumblr_ozibfozxdo1ui7whgo5_500.gif .
descendant of eclipsa 's older sister and the true heir to the throne !
marco has an epic showdown against meteora who now has a wand which also enhanced her latent monster strength https i.ytimg.com/vi/_2c70sm51ky/maxresdefault.jpg and also ... restored her youth ?
in the end meteora sees the error of her ways and goes on to rule the monsters as their queen continuing to unite monsters and mewmans as an emissary of both kingdoms .
good guys win and prince marco butterfly assumes the throne .
so ... maybe there 's a time-skip in there somewhere he marries star monsters and mewmans are united ... everyone 's happy !
terrific person paid right on time exactly as promised .
i have to deliver a letter to this guy in a village but there 's no way i can get to him inside the village and he 's not leaving .
i think wild tutorials often talk about falling asleep while laying on your back first .
i have trouble falling asleep when on my back however and most of my wild attempts involve eventually rolling over and dozing off .
does the sleeping position matter at all when doing wild ?
and will i be able to sleep on my back if i 'm just a bit more sleepy or can some people just not sleep in certain positions ?
specifically at this point of the vod https www.twitch.tv/videos/203047692 ? t=3h45m30s
with blogging and social media on the rise it is now obvious that social media will soon becoming the king of digital marketing .
i have found in my life and business that business owners can build and grow their business on social networks in a much better way .
how many people on your facebook twitter or instagram do you actually interact with ?
sure you may have five thousand followers or friends but are they really paying attention to you ?
instead of focusing on growing your friend list try growing your relationships .
by forming relationships you are creating bonds and opportunities that you would n't have otherwise .
for example someone from your friend list is more likely to pay you for your business product or services if they know who you are as a person .
why go to someone they do n't know if they can go to you instead ?
you will gain new clients without even pitching your services .
you can share your content on social media all day but if it 's not relevant no one will want to read it .
producing quality content on your social media timeline can build the know like and trust factor and also build your audience without the constant social media sharing .
any product or service based business can benefit from giving out a freebie every now and then .
offering freebies gives people the chance to take up on your offer build a relationship and eventually fall in love with whatever you are offering .
it does n't have to be extravagant it just needs to be valuable .
social media is a great way to grow your business as an entrepreneur especially if you are doing so on a low budget .
for the lincecum mission does the cy young award winner card have to be from the year he won the award in order to count towards the collection ?
fuck it right in the ass and let it drown in its own blood
we should do our best as community members to publicise the raiden mainnet release on all eth channels on 28 nov to ensure raiden gets the exposure it deserves
i was arrested for taking an item under 20 taken to the backroom of the store and the lp called the police .
i waited and told him my story '' and background .
i was really regretful of this and it was clear that i had realized what i had done has serious consequences .
when the police arrived she told me i was under arrest and after i explained everything to her and she discussed with the lp officer she decided to not charge me and let me go with a warning .
i sat in the back of her car as she finished paperwork and told me if this happens again in the next 6 months i 'll be charged for both incidences i 've learned my lesson and i know for a fact i wo n't ever do this again .
she told me i am not being charged and i still have the capability to travel .
the reason i am asking is that i 've just applied for a student visa to go study in australia .
they did not ask if i have ever been arrested and since i have not been charged or convicted i answered no to the question that asked if i have ever been charged/convicted of a crime .
i am wondering if this will affect my application or if i have a criminal record because of this ?
i 've spoken a friend i know who has been arrested and released without charge and she was able to travel to the states and elsewhere without problems .
this has been bothering me a lot and i ca n't get my mind off it any advice on the situation would be appreciated .
after having an incredibly infuriating phone call with my dad i came very close to relapsing .
i told myself bad things happen i have to learn to cope with them without weed .
if i were to give in i would just get high feel intoxicated .
i would then regret it tomorrow knowing that i just set myself back in the slow journey of recovery .
watch out for those emotional triggers they can pop up out of nowhere .
hey guys so i set up my water cooling in my corsair 600c a few months back but i did n't have enough space really to make it look good and be super functional .
everything runs well but for aesthetics i 'm going to moving everything into a new case so that it fits and looks better .
i have a 360mm and w 240 mm radiator right now .
i tested it and the usb 3.1 ports and hdmi port work .
i did n't have a displayport cable so could n't test that .
i normally see xbox cards getting discounts but have n't seen any psn .
we are a group of alliances that frequent the top 10 as well as provide a great community .
we are currently looking for some new members to fill out our rosters .
if you are interested just throw me a pm and lets get you armed with a katana
i have been getting back into skating and cramming my wide size 10 foot into an old size 8 usd throne to see if my knees could hold up to skating before buying new skates and now i think it 's time .
what has changed since 2006 and what should i be aware off ?
last skates i bought were usd colberg thrones and rollerblade tsr details .
i mostly skated vert and park doing big drops to flat so those colbergs were my favorite skates ever and amazing for the ankle support less so for my knees .
cracked more than a few sets of frames and flat spotted wheels have looked around and it seems like quite a few brands are gone and options are pretty limited these days .
so i believe i read on air warriors where someone said that your aircraft will obviously choose your station or at least limit it .
after i finish training assuming i get selected and do well will i be able to theoretically pick between available bases for my aircraft or is it pretty cut and dry where you go after say fighters or helo training ?
yao had started the conquest of the liu and to regain legitimacy he needed to stay good on his word .
since the fall of the taiyin to the liu a decedent of wuchia húdié yi lin had come to court .
she was an expert in statecraft and diplomacy specifically she courted the favor of quan and his successor yao .
she was actually the person to propose the kingdom to not sack every town they came across of the taiyin and to peacefully capture them .
now that wuhan was secured she was able to take full command of the area .
while the wuhan are the very edge of taiyin society it is still technically taiyin territory and she has been promised the entire queendom .
lin would send word to yibi again declaring herself queen of all taiyin and pleading to all the rulers to join her once again .
a most do n't aside from a few border rulers including the shouzi of chizhou .
the powerful shouzi had declared for the liao remembering the debts they were still in from the taiyin civil war and how fuji the first one defended the city from a rebel army .
and their place along the eastern river flowing into poyang lake make it a powerful ally .
wu would mark his 25,000 soldiers in aid of the city where the chizhou army of 7,000 would be integrated into the main army .
fuji would march to meet up with wu capturing villages along the way with his 40,000 fresh force .
the bell is tolling for the liu as yibi was in striking range of the main liao force .
welcome to another edition of whatever they throw on knr during the evening .
so i am sitting on 150k gold and have never spent real money on the game .
i am short about 10 heroes do n't care about getting them any time soon and am wondering if i should buy the stimpack .
i like opening lootboxes and reroll them quite often for better loot .
i like getting new skins but i do n't really care about any skin in particular not bothered about the gem only skins in the future .
i never use my shards first thing i ever bought was halloween mount so that is n't really a factor .
the thing i get most excited about opening lootboxes are the stimpacks .
so i would get to open more boxes faster but to what end ?
i already have 3000 gems from leveling and other promotions so i would still need to spend 35 .
so the post they deleted of mine today was in the in chris 's thread about gpu and cpu performance so i 'll share here .
it was deleted with the reason stop spreading rumors and unnecessary debates '' .
after talk of cpu and gpu performance i chimed in with something such as
i dont understand sota it pegs my 4 core i7 4.0 ghz skylake proc odly sustained and with the new version of windows that reports gpu utilization it pegs my gtx1070 at an oddly sustained 60 utilization .
i dont understand why this game hits the computer so hard ... . is our client being used for bitcoin farming ?
for example if im sitting in a 1 story basement with nothing in it 60 gpu use .
if i zone into our massive guild pot where my house is surrounded by like 1000 agriculture plants that take it like 3 minutes to load the area for me to even open a door it still stays at 60
i have a legitimate concern its extremely odd to see my cpu sustaining a heavy not bursty cpu load and the same with my video card .
the fact that are chain deleting stuff on the forums in bulk as in examples like this if you really stop and think about it ... why ... whats the end game for such censorship ?
are they really that threatened now with peoples basic comments ?
i find it really hard to come up with any conclusion for this other then for nefarious reasons its really getting hard at this point to logically come up with any other conclusion .
i 've noticed if an article in a post has some auto playing video ad or anything like that apple music will stop playing .
it gets a bit maddening that these ads make me go back in to apple music so often .
the audio from the webpage is muted but it still makes apple music stop playing .
is there or can there be a way to disable these ?
does anyone know of a setting to make music continue playing even if another app starts playing sound ?
unfortunately if it goes in directly of an official it 's no goal .
for the record i 'm in favor of this plan .
donovan is the real deal we 're not doing anything this year might as well let him take shots and develop .
i knew a guy in college combat vet was a total coked out asshole .
he used to throw live ammunition at the fan for fun .
where can i find a vicious in realm of the dragon king for the clear reef challenge ?
meine familie hat eine mutter ein vater und ein hund .
weir hat ein auto und ein haus aaaand that 's where i give up fighting spellcheck on my phone probably made some mistakes sorry .
you can easily figure out a lot of german if you remember a lot of the translations are from older words like automobile and hound .
any nouns not just proper ones are capitalized which also makes it a little easier figuring out parts of speech .
if you remember felt comes from wool and know that weiß is pronounced like janet weiss weiss !
from rocky horror it 's easy enough to figure out the poem .
the team looks much better whenever jokic is bringing this energy
that 's weird because 30m randomly just went into my account
i think its cos kyrie wasnt listening to brads play call
and dammit if they really had to it should have been trag-ear-dy .
i do n't think i have seen a worse o line .
the hollywood remake machine is coming for you david suchet just the way they tried to erase peter sellers from history .
might need to change the fanbase name to the 2nd man
jokes puns and off-topic comments are not permitted in any comment parent or child .
parent comments that are n't from the target group will be removed along with their child replies .
posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour and posts that are not appropriate for the serious tag will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
she got pregnant while you were away on a fishing vessel ?
i would look up some basic biological facts before marrying her..
lol idk depends on how much you 've been following this it 's daily latest was franken again and a cbs executive .
that might just be because he is n't shouting like he does in his commentary role but his voice would be a lot less grating to me if that 's how it sounded on-air .
it 's a different punishment than incarceration but not a less harsh one by any standard .
additionally there will always be people pleading this deceitfully but for the instance where someone is legitimately incompetent to stand trial and/or ca n't be held accountable for their crime we need to have it .
it 's wrong to throw someone who actually has a disorder in with genpop .
as someone who regularly commutes in new york this is interesting as fuck ... the first time you see it .
believe me it gets old way faster than you might think .
plus after this you have to either avoid eye contact or pretend to not have any money when they come around for tips .
i would be absolutely fucking furious if a rando on the street spoke to me that way much less my husband .
get out a coin and flip it 3 times .
if they are interviewing 8 people next thursday you have the same probably of guessing all 3 flips correctly as you getting the job ignoring a bunch of variables which makes it less likely for you .
but there 's a lot bigger chance you got at least one .
but you still probably did n't get the last one .
realize this is n't some math class but your life with real consequences for guessing correctly or incorrectly .
sonya has the vibe of someone who trains ufc. one of my favorite r/mma memes
the picture is pretty true to life on my macbook .
my original comment was a sarcastic commentry about the usefelness or lack thereof of your post .
stop twisting facts and i 'll let you be .
yeah but i have seen them priced still at .99 in ontario .
i 've never even played the new operators ... but here 's a list of ways they should be balanced ! is my favorite post i see every day now
do different heartless have different defense stats at the same levels ?
it 's definitely 2015 but lol i think there 's been so many big-budget fairytale flops they all kinda merge together in your mind .
she clearly is in denial and needs to find a way out no pun intended .
you are being great about it but at some point you will come to resent her .
get some help and hopefully you 'll both get through it .
i 'm not 100 sure that 's the exact intent but it makes sense to me that you can only take 10 if you 're not in peril or in a rush .
if you are then you roll and take whatever you get .
from my personal conversations with christian relatives and close friends it seems that most of them have this we all sin i 'm a sinner i 'm imperfect that 's what jesus died for '' mentality which seems to limit them from bettering themselves in most ways .
it 's all going according to god 's plan and i will sin no matter what so eat drink and be merry ! ''
i think this sentiment really holds some believers back from becoming more christ-like almost as if they do n't feel worthy .
like i would seek out fried chicken like that .
yea you american not all but the majority waste so much stuff .
when i first time came to the usa saw so many suburb/city houses throw away a full set of good couches !
like wtf in my country we take it to someone and they clean it and or replace the covers for like 100 and add some pads and you got ur self brand new couches !
on other hands the amount of stuff that breaks but people too lazy to fix it !
found a laptop that was n't turning on switched the charges and it turned on !
another time i found an xbox i removed the cover and cleaned it and behold it turns on !
i honestly do n't know the rulebook anymore i think .
travels offensive fouls shooting fouls ... they all seem off
ok then it 's just the indians that are the problem then thanks for clarifing
why do you think that twitter is sensitive about this ?
i 'm pretty sure this happend after the russia investigation
if i get bloated it 's because something has subluxated and i sat too long after i ate .
when my ribs are out it can cause a problem too .
sometimes for me it 's just a question of lying on my stomach for awhile to give whatever 's pressing on my belly a rest .
this is one of the darkest corridors in my thoughts .
i do n't know how i could even fathom my dog 's passing .
the despair is just something i never want to think about .
that 's why i make sure i spend every moment playing with him making sure he is happy making sure he is loved and just really being so grateful for him .
i know this doesnt answer the question but i am on the same side as you .
i want to know how all of you dog lovers cope or what you think .
how can you cope with a loss so close to having god in front of you ?
mavs been doing that for years lol pick and pop with a fast guards its difficult not to switch
they 're all good regardless but it 's still fun to see some back and forth .
i still have n't heard anything from them concerning my order over 10 days ago .
to piggyback off this do you know if your husband was sexually abused as a child ?
sometimes childhood victims of sexual abuse avoid good hygiene even basic hygiene in an attempt to make themselves disgusting to avoiding being abused .
yeah regardless of schedule we beat up on each other quite a bit .
it 's always fun playing you weirdos from hillbilly land in arkansas
a gear up landing is n't as bad as people think .
i really like the idea of the phone but for me personally no b71 and 4x4 mimo 256qam no water resistance wireless charging lcd screen and no headphone jack kind of makes it a deal breaker for me i would be downgrading in those aspects over my galaxy s7 which i use almost all of those features every day except for b71 of course .
i like the idea of it though so i am hoping that they can really nail it the next generation around
are you saying that a hard fork means you hold coins on both block chains post fork ?
if this is true does n't it create incentive to fork ?
now something horrible is going to befall the ducks .
brick after brick all game and then hits from 3 feet behind the 3-point line marcus things !
i had already seen him naked but seeing him in some tumblr posts was mildly shocking .
just for trumpeting this stat it 's going to be 1-6 .
perhaps he 's still in prison but i 'm not sure .
sucks though that does n't work in the playoffs .
tony was the first person to really take advantage of watching tape on his opponents and knowing those tendencies is a large part of what made him so good besides his immense talent .
and as braves fans we 've all heard other braves like smoltz and glavine talk about how maddux was in a different stratosphere with his understanding of the game and the hitters he faced and that everything he told them would be way over their heads .
both true experts at their crafts and scholars of the game .
there are only a few jump-scares but they are very well used
you need to be level 15 to craft rare and level 20 to craft epics .
levels beyond that is the same as prestiging in cod plus credits per level .
ive found games care more about ping than speed most of the time .
do n't even get me started on downloading a new game .
yeah you better leave this going for a few days .
ihowever i feel what they are most concerned with will be growth rate .
i imagine they feel like they will keep their existing subscribers .
it will have a much higher impact on that metric than cancelations .
go ahead i have a lot of ideas floating around up there
once you learn the sense of humor getting gold and karma becomes easy .
i read through most of the comments so i wo n't repeat what was said .
if you end up being hospitalized tell them what 's going on with meds mom and housing .
ask if a case manager can help you with discharge aftercare .
make it part of the plan to get help with disability application a new psychiatrist and housing .
talk to the staff psychiatrist about your concerns regarding the medications .
there should be a mental health clinic for people with low income .
my first lesbian encounter i 'm actually bi and so was she was at a big house party at a co-workers place after work one day i was about 20 at the time .
i wound up in the kitchen taking shots of tequila and smoking weed with a small group of others and this one hot chick was flirting with me and i flirted back and she asked if i knew what shot gunning a hit was i did n't so she told me and asked if i wanted to try it .
then she repeated this with the question about lap dances rinse repeat lol we found a bed room at one point after we realized we 'd accidentally started an orgy around us and did n't feel like sharing !
lmao that was a wild night and i have no regrets .
but i know other people who smoke two hits and they ca n't even leave the house .
i was obsessing over that line a lot about a month ago .
it 's a 3 book series with an optional 3 more books .
is there a reason they do n't reference the wrestling machine anymore ?
i 'll echo what others are saying and suggest just having a no international fee credit card .
also be sure to set up a pin on that cc .
a lot of gas stations require a card with a pin code to use the pumps .
the whole time we were there we never ran into a need to use cash .
so in short save yourself the trouble and just make sure you have a credit card or two and a debit card to use while there .
one more thing set up a travel notice with your credit card companies so that they do n't decline your purchases .
i agree usually conversion rates are within .5 to 2 of the true daily rate .
it seems xsolla is using out of wack conversion rates to increase their cut .
it 's probably worse in some other countries as one person commented on almost a 13 difference .
the best part of thinking it getting a full build and exploring everything without hitting 20 .
i think so since the amount you 're missing stays constant as you shift unless you can shift down to 1 hp .
i think optimal healing would be full agi if you 're missing more than 3-400 hp then back to full str and use your tango for the bonus regen
i do n't know how much of a hidden gem it is but it 's an old episode so many might not have listened to it .
i 've listened to it at least six times and it never fails to make me cry with laughter .
each map has them as care packages at certain points in the match .
my plus bus https www.reddit.com/r/factorio/comments/7977d6/my_take_on_the_main_bus_a_more_compact_tidy is currently about 300 m x 300 m. it consumes 11 belts of iron and 8 of copper when i can manage to keep it fed .
here is to hoping romario is a cheap replacement for jones .
do n't worry jetsbros we 'll get you guys from 7 pp in the league to at least 5 by the end of this game .
i just arrived and i do n't know anyone but i will check it out soon .
him not having hf blades means they do n't essentially ignore durability like raiden 's sword does .
they wo n't shatter against the skin of someone durable but monsoon may not have the strength to actually pierce them .
the second change is n't really a change it 's just a specification that keeps people from hacking him into being too versatile .
he 's pretty fast but i do n't think it 's really out of tier .
bullet timing is pretty casual up at this tier and without slo-mo-mode raiden 's high end feats are just bullet blocking .
if you think it 's really necessary we can bring his reaction speed down a bit but i do n't think it needs to be a large adjustment .
durability 's a bit different he 's a video game boss so he survives a lot of hits obviously .
non-superhuman bosses in other metal gear games take a lot of bullets but it 's not because they 're actually bulletproof .
with monsoon 's dodging feats being as good as they are assuming his body is as strong as the carbon fiber and metal it 's made out of is probably good enough durability coupled with the fact that even losing an arm or leg wo n't kill him .
that means his head is relatively vulnerable to in-tier attacks but since it still takes a lot of work to hit it killing him remains about as difficult as killing someone else in tier .
projectile speed is an issue and it is higher than i remembered .
nerfing that to be sub-bullet speed might be better than nerfing magnetism to a certain weight cap .
in rounds where he does n't have a lot of access to metal he 's certainly weaker but by no means useless .
his big attacks are out but he can still throw up smokescreens stall if not actually kill servants and pose a severe threat to masters if he can figure out where they are .
he 's stronger in some settings than others but that 's part of what makes the scramble different than the various debate tourneys around here .
i 'm perfectly willing to make adjustments but like i said it 'd take a lot before i 'm ready to throw monsoon out entirely .
but then they would lose students that would go to cheaper universities
not if the more expensive one was objectively better for their program .
the most likely course of action the university would take is to just stop funding the culprit departments to force them to get in line .
right because having the government decide what kind of research can and can not be done is a perfectly safe and has no possibility of being abused s
i 'm with everyone else in that it should have just been a flavorful disengage .
when i first came across the albany plan of union i was really surprised .
the textbooks i 'd read made it sound like the articles were a bit of an overcompensation for the too-powerful monarchy we had just revolted against .
this plan and others from that era showed that it was in the making all along .
nobody was judging you but now you do sound like a bitch
do n't forget to try these basic troubleshooting steps first
press and hold the xbox logo on your console for about 8-10 seconds until the console shuts off .
check the xbox live service status here http support.xbox.com/xbox-live-status !
consult xbox.com/support http support.xbox.com/browse/xbox-one they have a wide variety of topics and tons of support available .
contact xbox support http support.xbox.com/en-us/contact-us they have chats phone calls emails everything .
search use google use the sidebar use the forums .
failure to search before posting may result in your post being removed .
consult our wiki http www.reddit.com/r/xboxone/wiki/commonissues it 's highly likely that your issue is there .
to summon the official xbox support account to this thread to assist you please respond to this comment with their username xbox_support '' with u '' at the front and no spaces between .
running into bugs is completely normal if you 're signed up for this .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/xboxone if you have any questions or concerns .
improved blizzard ui https www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/improved-blizzard-ui is the all-in-one choice for a better blizz ui .
it makes the unit frames and party frames larger and near the center of the screen and shortens the main bar to just action bars .
if you 're looking for something more customizable i would recommend easy frames https www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/easy-frames adapt https www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/project-2341 moveanything https www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/move-anything nmainbar http www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info10225-nmainbar.html and king kong frame fader https www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/kingkongframefader .
to anyone unsure first off this is a free game .
secondly it is one of the greatest games i 've ever played .
i bought it for my xbox360 ps3 and pc .
and granted it more appeals to my music tastes .
and while i 'm not serious into metal a world of rock music is fantastic .
several well known artists of metal do voice work as well including ozzy as the lord of darkness .
multiplayer is good too if you can find anyone playing it .
and that face totally matches some of hulks impressions really cool
when i first found out about that i wet myself for 4 straight hours
winter soldier '' was a legitimate wild ride i agree .
the song is about a girl named macarena who cheats on her boyfriend with two friends while he 's being drafted into the army .
yeah he said he needs a chance to think it through which is fair enough .
to him the woman he 's been seeing for a year has suddenly been revealed as something completely different .
must be a real punch in the stomach to discover that out of nowhere .
the same happened to me i went to log in and hi forgot password '' and reset my password .
i think we mis communicated a little bit lol i was curious if all natural vent was supposed to be ss .
i understand longer runs or near horizontal should be b-vent or ss depending on the application with drains and other things as well .
in this certain application if the tank was the correct height and was piped in correctly would it need ss or no ?
i think we just got confused lol i 'm definitely going to just pound a new hole into the chimney or install a new tank if it requires so .
we will see depending on what is inside the chimney .
do you not often go more than an hour ?
it would be a pain to have to keep entering the pin
idk if this is a good amv or not please tell me if it is or not
unfortunately your comment has been removed for the following reason s
please read the subreddit rules http www.reddit.com/r/cars/about/sidebar before continuing to post .
if you have any questions please feel free to message the mods .
blowing the streak in a title loss on a b pppv would really sum up wwes long term booking .
its the easiest stamina drain to dodge and the only one with a self damage penalty .
i personally think that everything business entertainment politics education anywhere there are people that have power over other people is full of sexual predators and kind of a quid pro quo type of attitude .
i think it is so ingrained in our society that it 's not shocking on any level when you hear about it
and when they see the fraudulent charges on their debit card they 'll realize they lost their wallet .
you 're really doing them a favor or whatever .
i contacted them over an issue with my order and they surprised me with a bunch of really nice bjork goodies added to my order !
i have nfs shares from a linux server over wifi zero issues streaming bd isos .
the steamdb free packages script https steamdb.info/freepackages can probably help you get them but you would have to view the source to see the list '' it uses .
stasis the boney bitch and jab him a little bit .
it started during the bush years but they revived it last season .
when he went on stage to tell everyone to vote for hillary that he was in over his head and was giving up hillary just parroted the line her debate team told her to use no matter what he said which was my opponent is a liar and can not be trusted .
so garrison/trump told everyone he was unqualified and she 'd be a better president and she just kept repeating that he was a liar like a robot .
garrison then face palms and says god she really is such a turd sandwich .
because like real hillary killed it during all three debates especially the first .
but if you did n't watch the real debate and only watched south park you 'd think she was an idiot .
then in what i think was the last episode before voting they made the episode about a vote for hillary is a vote to say the new star wars movie was bad .
i do n't know if i really believe that south park has an obligation to fairness in these kinds of things i mean they probably do n't but considering the way things went down last november i think of things like hillary 's portrayal and i sigh as i pour myself a drink .
i was trying to find the right religion for me after growing up catholic .
i arrived early for a service and overheard 3 deacons planning on who was going to speak in tongues during that service and when .
it 's not most of the users more of the mods but they come across as those religious/conservative kids at college that resent everyone else their age having fun because it 's so sinful and they feel left out .
then they resent mainstream youth culture more and more as time goes on because they 're tired of being called misogynist/racist for their views .
i did my ba with a major in religious studies with a focus on religion in the public sphere .
after a year off to travel i did a masters in library and information science and now work in investment research .
it feels like the perfect marriage between passion and practicality .
you 're using input_image as your inputs for stage 2 and 3 .
i said my mic on my headset was not working so they sent me a new for free
i just had a delicious vegetarian salad from healthy habit at 55 mathews dr hilton head island sc 29926
this tree fell at my sister 's and when i was processing it all the way through there is this shape on all of them that looks like a tree .
holy shit guys make a shot please for my sake
to get a more custom fit from your dress form try the fabulous fit kit .
there are also patterns to add arms which can be helpful if you have big biceps .
it can be very intersting to 'see ' what you look like .
i think he needs to enable that in his start_pos
my favorite play last night summed this team up perfectly and i bust out laughing .
kamu 's second kickoff of the second half goes for a touchback .
if we need a player to step up they do .
if the other team thinks that gives an advantage it does n't .
we have backups that step up and we win demoralizing the other teams because they thought that they should now be able to beat us .
well there is n't really enough space to cover everything i 'm looking forward to in anything like a fair amount of detail .
that statement by ivana was during divorce proceedings and it was n't settled '' she withdrew the claim .
she even said i do not want my words interpreted in the literal or criminal sense '' .
either that guy was horrible at explaining meditation or you misunderstood him .
i recommend listening to the podcast secular buddhism if you would like to learn about the illusion of self the impermanence of thought etc .
the episodes are only like 25 minutes and they are quite enjoyable .
what the fuck was he trying to do and how is this a chair standing on two legs ?
there 's been many youtubers/streamers i 've watched for a few months and then kinda got bored of them but nl has somehow stuck with me since 2012 .
there is a whole host of instances in se asia particularly targeting people of chinese ancestry
those 3 parts are what you need for a radio install i like kenwood/sony for single din units
single din installs are not too bad to do even with limited knowledge .
it would be about what kind of tools you have to work with .
i linked the model numbers of parts because you can search everywhere for them the radios again you can find cheaper elsewhere .
fusion new feature or prophet new feature or both event .
and you think the best way to do that is to seize the means of production and overthrow the bourgeoisie ?
because i 'll be honest it sounds like you just want socialized medicine and education which while definitely is you know socialist is a fair bit short of communism .
would be great to see zo much productive from a scoring aspect alongside a versatile young guard capable of playing on and off the ball handling the rock in the halfcourt and setting him up for scoring opportunities like how he did much of his scoring at ucla
it sounds like a min/max sort of thing yes it 's stronger to do it this way but negligibly so .
it felt like a very traditional classical film it was refreshing .
i hope kenneth branagh returns to direct and star in this new adaptation !
although if it had we could have just pushed that last wall over and smushed 'em .
but at least he gives the idea on how to achieve it push your prototype with the core mechanics as soon as possible and see how the audience responds to it ... he even gave the example of king.com
last night i finished the lincecum and rollins programs in the same game as i tossed a perfecto with orel .
you should pay attention to the cpu temps obviously .
a job that allows you time off and as already stated paid well enough to afford it lol
westbrook just had 20/17/15 and people do n't give a fuck .
harden has had gaudy stats and shit bricks when it counted year after after year .
stats have clearly meant nothing when the end result is the same .
harden should be an mvp candidate not because of his stats but because he is leading his team to the best record in the west .
in terms of the media hate on harden his abuse of the free throws and trying to game the system has put off a lot of people permanently .
squeeze dem glutes when standing ohp'ing and tighten dem abdominals and hold dat posture
if nobody does you can usually find the upload from the race to appear on nascar 's youtube channel a week or so after the event .
still waiting to find myself in the phoenix one personally !
if he makes an argument that better service can drive more business he might be able to get more staff
ugh i was waiting to the eating part o thought it was like weird food
yea the whole pack and that looks like a bag how many are in there ?
normally people will have 1-2 pieces a day not sit down and eat an entire bag .
the easiest way to remove it from the product page is to create a new product page template .
once you 've created your new theme find the line s of code that shows product vendor and comment those lines out .
from there go to each of the products in the collection you want to remove the vendor name from and select your new product page template in the bottom right hand corner .
one of the new ladies is the daughter of my uncle 's close friend ...
i 've already begged my uncle to get me into a party or something hahaha
just kidding this game is n't available on my psn store 😭
perhaps search for it directly on the psn store as sometimes google directs you to grandfathered preorder pages instead of the current listing .
if for some reason it really is n't available though try steam !
it 's not all that demanding you should get great performance on pretty much anything .
卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐 you have been visited by the windmill of tolerance .
if you get at least 3 windmills back you 're tolerant !
i would n't trust self driving cars the everyday technology we currently have is constantly bugging out there 's no way they could get self driving cars working properly any time soon at least not in mass production .
hell even regular cars are still being built with major flaws that require big recalls and cause ridiculous safety hazards .
i do n't trust people driving either but at least as it stands those of us who love driving can still drive assuming self driving cars becoming the norm means manually operated ones are fazed out but that seems unlikely too .
i see definite benefits of self driving cars though .
those who are bad drivers or otherwise ca n't drive can have a car that drives for them .
self driving cars would allow for more productivity and efficiency with being able to do things in the car where you 'd be occupied by driving with a normal car hopefully it would reduce idiotic things like texting and driving .
i fire up ck2 and engage in an orgy of incestuous sodomy .
i 'd say i 'd do this but my friend bought me zombies ! ! !
on the bright side i 've never painted before and now have 100 practice figures .
i 've had falling outs with a few people in my life and never once did i go on a full on assault and reveal all their secrets .
i just feel like that is crossing a line of decency .
these idiots are doing an free marketing for the movie .
unleash the irs dept and suraj pal amu 's tail would be between his legs .
smackdown live has n't had a judy bagwell on a forklift match yet so do n't be too hasty .
i believe the sas should be slightly resistant to all gas/poison attacks .
then you are adding lying on top of fraud .
actually the dragon stands for the blue dragon faction the castle in the back is where this game plays in
i actually had to start him last week due to byes and a pending trade .
yeah the tweet was in chinese for a reason .
it was aimed at chinese people so it 's adapted to chinese culture .
that kings game was one of the best this season league-wide .
he was just an intermediary for the russians and someone close to him that was running for president ... hmmm
it 's definitely a different connotation of the word but it 's used pretty commonly .
if you google the word vulnerability there 's a lot of talks on the exact topic
he takes so much time in his lyrics and they tune up so much in the vocals in the recordings ... way more in other bands in my opinion .
it 's something important to them as a whole .
it 's a message for sure in ever album definitely since the devil god .
at least there was ezra 's arc about learning about the force and how to use it in season 1 .
it did n't help they like squealed when you shot them .
i have n't touched this game in at least 15 years probably more than that .
no one said anything about taking kids away being an unqualified '' good .
you mean aside from the people defending the idea of banning parenthood '' .
your explicitly totalitarian nightmare solution will a explicitly totalitarian nightmare regardless of whether western institutions are run better than north korean ones .
years down the road when they make the hollywood movie ballstory '' starring steve harvey as lavar ball richard dreyfus as donald j trump drake as liangelo ball and dustin diamond as lonzo ball this cnn segment will be in the film as the tipping point for the surge of the billion dollar bbb empire .
the one ship from the show was n't called bob barker for no reason .
i soloed my way through kaidan without breaking a sweat on the back of pistol/chaos .
i keep telling people having two aoe knockdowns one of them very long ranged just completely trivializes every encounter in kaidan .
i probably could have done it with chaos/anything else but not having a ranged weapon would have made some fights more annoying .
i 've read that it can passively trigger the interrupt/stun dr which can be really bad in high level play .
they got rid of the stun lockout feature and now if an attack is n't meant to be interrupted it ca n't be interrupted .
i just want to say i 'm impressed with all of the reasoned advice in this thread .
the kind of stuff that makes this sub infinitely more valuable than places like r/pcmasterrace .
but gdax is a more advanced platform so new people just getting into bitcoin might want to take smaller steps first .
i 'm not even going to go into what irra '' is supposed to mean ...
many years ago neople released a lot of names from inactive accounts so who knows maybe they 'll do it again .
you can literrally snort 20 bags of coke and be fine .
drugs are not designed to be like their real world counterparts .
you will 100 match a bid on naish outside the top 12 or so picks no reason for concern .
that 's different and i know the tax you 're referring to .
it 's part of the sunnah not the qu'ran .
well i did ... before the newest patch removed soul eater from adventure
i wo n't complain for such calmer update without huge expenses and another round of free drops from cosmo-family .
i will skip popplio and probably araquanid as well still hoping for some cooler water so user cough cough blastoise cough .
i did few runs so far to find some balanced team to consistently farm it and in the end the best one turned out to be
so far my planned team is m-tyranitar a-sandslash rayquaza and probably some ice type to try to benefit fro ice dance boost .
no you 're getting down voted because you sound like a condescending cunt .
i love that just about your whole team kept trying to push to steal the ace lol
that 's hardly a fast taxing your liver 4 times a day with speed .
plus nobody really tested this so who knows if you still get some benefits of fasting or if you get none or if you get negative results which is certainly a possibility .
i could probably do month without problems while on this supplement .
what can i do to help besides calling my representative and senators ? they are all on my side regarding this issue .
we appreciate all new redditors on r/ethermining and want to ensure you have the best resources available to you .
since your account is fairly new we 'd like to remind you about our subreddit 's wiki guide to mining https www.reddit.com/r/ethermining/wiki/index .
please take a look through this guide for answers to common questions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ethermining if you have any questions or concerns .
you love him but he does not love you as no partner who loves their partner would put them down often so accept the fact that he does not love you and it is your wrong assumption that he is in love with you .
this relationship is not working out and you know that so the more you wait for the break up more it will give you pain and it will be difficult for you to move on .
you are so young so you should be ready to face the break up so many times in the life before you find a right partner for yourself .
you are in the process of finding a right partner for yourself and now he is not the man for you so you should break up with him .
initially you may feel the pain but in the long run you will be happy .
see the reality and red flags in the relationship as there are only red flags in the relationship so better to end it quickly .
suites are a room option in many dorms and universities dont charge a different price for different room types .
i presume you mean education secretary not shadow education secretary and i did in fact fully condemn https www.reddit.com/r/mhoc/comments/7b70hu/b550_undocumented_residents_pathway_to/dphq93a ? sh=f75f812f st=j9yhvfsu the comments made by one of my colleagues at the debate in which the comments you refer to were made .
partner and i watch it together both in our early 20s .
my mom and her fiance also enjoy the show and they are 55 and 60 .
my partners dad likes the show and he is in his late 40s .
this is the most petty thing i 've ever seen someone try to highlight as a crime committed by someone who politically opposes them .
maitland high school have one of these in their hall .
if you spare no expense you could throw the bodies into a portable hole or bag of holding and then put one inside the other in whichever combination destroys the objects inside .
ja maar dat was het originele punt uit het artikel kun je niet halen wat gl en de rest van de partijen wel grappig dat niemand die meer serieus neemt precies wil aangezien de nos als journalistiek medium praktisch nihil waarde meer heeft .
i got no news on how this is going after we talked the first day .
i wish they would reprint atlantis and das buch and release schätze drachen und entdecker in english .
the same score as fifty shades darker and baywatch .
lower than daddy 's home 2 and my little pony .
providing for ones own family is not incompatible with criticizing the dangers of late stage capitalism and does not make you some kind of communist .
arguments against how capitalist systems are currently set up does mean you think profit is a moral failing that is not what that means .
does n't matter what you use the fact that you have one is enough .
if you use laptop a lot use the stock calendar app .
if you use pen and paper a simple planner .
i 'm always on evernote so my calendar is also on evernote for convenience .
do n't just write down the deadlines also write down on which date you 'll start each task .
it 's hard to have a really large scope view with a monthly calendar .
so i also keep an evernote document where i list the really big things coming up in the next year or so .
i also write down tasks without a deadline on that document .
density and buoyancy do n't explain this and can not ever explain this .
we all agree a person is more dense and heavier than air right .
we do n't have to have discussion about that .
you are denser and more heavy than air and so am i. i assume we will have no discussion about that .
then there are a couple of points i would like to make in this respect
when i lift something up i have to excert a force on that object to lift it up .
it 's like i have to excert a force to overcome another force .
when i stop excerting that force on the object i stop applying a force that actually made the object move up .
logic dictates then that the object should remain where it is .
logic states as we have demonstrated on point 2 that an object should actually stay where it is once i stop excerting an external force on it .
so that means that there should be an external force being applied to that object that actually pulls it down .
the question here is why does it fall down ?
why not to the left or even up for all that i care .
and the fact that it is heavier than air does n't matter .
for example when we put an aircraft in a hyperbolic flight we can experience weightlessness .
then we do n't fall down because we are denser than air .
yes this analogy works because the aircraft in which we are in is a closed system in which we then only have to look at the air surrounding us inside the aircraft .
if your hypothesis would be true because we are still heavier than air we would still fall down yet we do n't .
so the density of the object in question is not relevant here .
that the whole system aircraft with the air and us in it is moving compared to a bigger system that 's around us does n't matter either because we can be floating in the aircraft without touching the aircraft .
so yes the question here is why does something specifically falls down not left or right or even up but why does it fall down ?
neither does a bunch of assumptions about the sun without any form of proof .
also stating that they hide it from us because it points to god is also not an argument .
adding quotes from a book which has n't been written down when this stuff alledgedly happens proves even less !
you 're welcome enjoy the stress free safe clicking d
they also had taboo but the buzzer had no batteries because batteries were forbidden .
i guess they thought we were gon na make a mini meth lab or suck on the batteries to get high .
if anyone knows how to get lit off of batteries please let me know .
whoa chill there i did n't like kylo too much but the way you say it just works against you .
the way i see it we are slowly seeing the ecosystem of digital id being deployed across multiple chains that inter-operate with one another .
if you take it and get your hr degree you can minor in something else that interests you more if the scholarship covers it
as an agnostic i found reading mistborn series was a very interesting viewpoint by sanderson on a man becoming a symbol of something more to strive for .
i dont know i just literally finished book 3 and this thread just made me think about it all .
she either might like you or just want to convert you .
everything since then has been damn the occultist could do this either better or just as well but everything else too ''
she owns a bunch of high end cars the difference on a straight road from 85mph and 110mph can be surprisingly easy to not notice .
i did n't realize it until i looked down .
it was a beautiful mid afternoon day on a recently repaver highway .
when i realized i was going so fast without noticing i opened my windows and found a nice slow car to get behind for a bit lol .
it 's pretty much the same cause i think lem is the highest rank you can get as your first rank
sorry if this question is obvious i do n't follow news about this game even though it 's great
he still wanted my daily emails ... him to share how his week is going when he gets privacy
i 'd be wary of investing too much of your emotional resources here .
you are single and said you love him and will always protect him .
he has committed to salvaging his marriage and maybe writing weekly when he gets privacy .
i do n't think you two are on the same page about this relationship .
in mu legends you have a warmage with a sword and a grimoire .
but to be honest it might as well just be the sword with the book as a decoration ...
i was able to get good results with brazil .
i got a religion quite quickly planted 2-3 holy site sand was generating around 50 faith .
i attacked my closest neighbour to get them levelled up a bit and they were quite good .
could n't they just send a guy in incognito and buy some ?
it 's so funny cause v asked what 's your perfume '' then aoki understood it as him asking about the hoodie which led to a game of who wins aoki 's hoodie '' ... ... ...
i 'm making a books '' bookmark tomorrow with all these recs .
a redditor turned me onto blindsight that i 'm reading right now which i highly recommend to anyone interested in hard science fiction too .
lets home that that this is the whole ship asteroid and not a decoy for a massive cloaked ship behind it .
has never happened to me and i 've been playing a lot of pve the last days .
also in what way should that be related to the implementation of pvp you crazy dude .
but it 's reinforcing the idea that this is how pits should look .
what type of small pieces have you made to sell ?
i have been doing a couple cons art shows and flea market for years .
some of the small pieces i sell are not sprite from games but ones i made based of anime games movies or edited sprites i recreated and colored to make it look prettier .
also the pieces i sell i usually throw magnets key chains suction cups attachments .
some sometimes do n't look good out of game when made into sprites because of colors .
so i sometimes rcolor them like dbz sprites or ducktales .
those other extra 2 slots can be plan b instead ...
also play the challenges mode to unlock new leaders .
unlock dragon and u basically have 3 biting with less slots .
falsch verstanden der fehler war nur dass auf diesen sticky hier verwiesen wurde statt es 'einfach so ' zu löschen und an kreiswichs zu verweisen
you might try walking a mile in our shoes before you draw a life lived in fear from facebook comments .
wether or not what i do is considered religion is debatable .
i am 20 and i have been an atheist for 20 years of my life but a non-practicer for 16 .
my parents being atheists themselves exposed me to the bible at a young age and when it did n't stick gave up .
kudos to them for trying to expose me to the elements .
up until i was 18 i was an atheist .
i thoroughly believed that there is no god and further that if there was we 're not interesting enough to justify any impression on it .
we 're such an insignificant spec i doubt a god would notice us any more than we notice the fleas that inhabit dust mites .
some tone after i turned 18 i had a thought .
if beating the crap out of your tv is n't a 100 valid repair method it 's not old school i say !
they will certainly make a fuss about it when it is coming
no but you can you imagine if they did ?
it would bring the communities and countries together in kumbaya .
i just thought it was amazing that when you right click on twitch chat that it translates in real time .
but let me search maybe somebody has done it .
i saw a fb friend showing off his game .
i use a service called followupthen.com fut.io they give you a private email address linked to an outbound account of your choice .
when you send an email from your linked account you cc your fut.io address their service will then automate a followup response to you and any recipients of your email .
you can also bcc the same address if you want to keep the reminders private .
they have a free plan which is limited i think to 200 reminders there 's also a paid plan that removes this .
it 's a very simple system but very effective .
i 've been using it for years and it has not failed me ever .
your suggestion will make the 'tank ' job less challenging .
based on your post i got some ideas that i want to share .
dps attack ratting is needed to deal damage per sec .
but the problem is tank need hate to hold aggro more then dps or healer .
but his primary stats hp do n't generate any hate .
and he can not use attack or heal rating to generate hate because as a tank he need high hp .
solution is very simple change the way protection rating works .
but then again this changes will make the 'tank ' job less challenging .
i do n't think you know what a riven is meant to be .
he also said he 'd prefer the chair over the pc too .
so i do n't think getting 2 would bother him too much .
it 's the only adaptation of a chain email https www.snopes.com/religion/einstein.asp that i know of .
this is a supportive community not a discussion community .
read the rules once more just to understand it a bit more .
if you have any questions about this removal bring it to modmail .
can confirm i 'm technically a guard and i 'm only using my action to search things out when i suspect there is something wrong .
the rest of the time i 'm just kind of making my rounds and relying on my passive perception to pick up anything that raises any flags .
daydreaming and thinking about going home for the most part usually .
i 'm planning to go to school there but finances are n't looking so bright .
do you know of any good scholarships that are relatively easy to apply for ?
i 'm celebrating it going badly because if it goes badly enough we can still pull out .
i think they were asking about gorilla and rhino .
i imagine they just eat a bunch of everything and it all adds up .
esse era outro que gostava imenso de ter mas que sofre do mesmo problema do pratica mente .
como são albuns que quase ninguém quer vender e já não estão disponíveis querem vender a preço de ouro .
só quem tenta fazer uma coleção destas percebe que o que interessa é ter uma versão física e original .
this submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ? ''
reddit does not allow post titles to be edited so if you would like you can post the question again .
please write your title in proper question format and include a question mark thank you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
if you consider generously said 10 uptime in store over the whole patch not behind '' then i ca n't really help you anymore .
for me the simple fact that at the end of the patch content is not available that was promised is already a failure as a whole.sure the skins are in the game 's files a few players were able to access them but now nobody ca n't and that 's unintended .
as i stated in my op they were available for a short time released way too late into the patch and then disabled again for bugfixing '' with the refund system .
that 's poor scheduling and that does mean that they sure are a patch behind because you ca n't call something available '' when it was up for a literal split second during the whole patch even though said content was not supposed to be time-restricted .
i replied to my human mating partner that my temperature levels are within an acceptable range and thus my watercooling system is not operable under current conditions .
but your post here is about skeptics who pretend the science is settled '' and i think that 's a strawman .
if someone has seen a bigfoot then they do n't need more personal proof .
that 's fine but their personal experience ca n't convince anyone else that 's why people hold skeptical positions because if they can eliminate unlikely scenarios then what remains will be the most likely possibilities .
but your title implies that there exist skeptics who are dogmatic in their skepticism and who refuse to accept the possibility that bigfoot exists in light of increasing evidence .
i do n't believe that this kind of person exists at least not in the sense of have any kind of engagement in the scientific of bigfoot enthusiast community .
but your title implies that this is a problem that there are skeptics who are pretending the matter is settled and asserting bigfoots ' nonexistence in spite of evidence to the contrary .
post a link to anyone who engages in this conversation with that position a scientist a field researcher a youtuber a politician literally anyone who has put forth a dogmatic assertion that bigfoot does n't exist because i don t believe this is the problem that your title implies .
vacuum cleaners take a substantially larger amount of power than washing machines .
although running a kettle an electric stove fan oven and microwave as well might be required just to make sure that it 's definitely the washing machine causing the problems with the tv .
rip was expecting it to be gasoline and the mc to get cooked as well
depleting the planet of resources will cause scarcity to drive the economics towards one blockchain imo .
i was gon na say i can think of at least 10 more iconic duo 's instantly .
i think it would be good for both the summer and winter olympics if some indoor sports were moved from the summer to the winter games .
team sports is probably harder to move due to league activity .
guangzhou library is also architecturally spectacular but full of empty shelves
god i want a hulk so bad but what are the chances of them doing a good hulk face ?
yes one way to use them is to connect separate but closely related independent clauses sentences .
in that instance its kind of like a soft period .
i believe people in the u.k. actually call it a soft stop .
for this usage it may be helpful to think that the semicolon could be replaced by a period but you 're choosing the semicolon because you want the sentences to be more strongly linked .
u/zewm426 actually should have used a comma in this instance since the i take it '' was intended more as an aside or interjection rather than a separate clause/sentence .
the other primary way to use them is instead of commas in a very large list .
but that 's pretty rare so i wo n't go into it .
i think there 's a third use but i can never remember it .
rule 2 no comics captioned pictures try r/lolcats or photos of just text .
no memes pictures of kind letters photos with snapchat banners or anything similar .
we do not allow watermarks containing social media handles .
this includes facebook pages twitter users hashtags instagram handles pinterest handles
if you must have a watermark we suggest your reddit username
please do not break the rules of our subreddit repeated rulebreakers may be banned .
it is against the terms of service and enmasse is rather unhappy about it so there is a small risk of getting your account banned .
ah yes sorry i should 've clarified that i would n't usually just start at this tempo straight away !
although i 've probably tried before and got frustrated which is clearly an unproductive way to practise .
i feel like the ideal practise techniques are solidifying in my memory now it 's just time to start implementing them properly !
do you like watching hilariously evil thugs getting their ass handed to them ?
do shows that display a clear moral viewpoint and try to shove those morals down your throat every episode intrigue you ?
if so then inuyashiki could be a reasonably enjoyable show .
as long as they are n't stupid and stream it on twitch .
american corporations just copy pasting here rather than doing some research and putting the sales on boxing today .
it 's like those adverts where they have n't even bothered to redub it .
i would pump vigor and end to 30 next .
they follow the human rights pretty good not perfect but good enough .
this post was removed because your account is new or has a low combined karma total .
these posts are removed automatically because of the high volume of spam received from fake accounts .
if this is a genuine post please message the moderators to have your post approved .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/trading if you have any questions or concerns .
that and ones who were never atheist and those who suffered neurological damage and that 's the whole picture here .
if they did n't lodge it and you would be paying break lease fees anyway it may just be easier to walk away .
if you want to fight and nickle and dime it you can .
depends if you have the energy or time for that kind of fight .
you can have him in trouble for not lodging your bond .
i have broken a lease before where my bond was 600 and it was just easier to say take that call it quits .
i 'd rather do that than hassle with laws and finding other tenants blah blah .
depends how much the bond is worth to you and your time/effort ?
i 'm all for true net neutrality but stop fear mongering on speculation .
36 mk 82 bombs ... pls stop i can only get so erect .
die siebziger als hochzeit der geschlechtsneutralen spielzeuge sind jetzt auch 50 jahre her .
vielleicht sind wir beim geschlechtsspezifischen spielzeug gerade am scheitelpunkt vielleicht auch nicht .
ich habe auch nie behauptet dass es schon zu ostern kein geschlechtsspezifisches spielzeug mehr gibt aber ich weigere mich den aktuellen trend als unausweichlich und ewig anzusehen .
that 's ellise but i do n't want to cause conflict with someone i have potential connection with and the person may take offense to it .
good morning and welcome to the fellowship society of dick heads
you know for some at least there 's a reason as to why they are already high .
i agree with you in the sense that i do n't think she really did get away with much but i still think in this instance the judging was strange .
none of what she said was very funny at all however much it is explained
it takes a lot of willpower to go against your first thought and do something that 's better for you in the long run .
does n't address the fact we 've done no planning at all
you mean we do n't already pay for this with our very large net contribution ?
we 'll pay for a share of it wo n't we but we would n't have paid for the entire thing with our contribution .
if we are making our own we 'll have to pay the whole lot .
and are you saying it will be literally impossible to participate in the eu medicines agency in future ?
i thought you wanted to be free of the yoke of the evil oppressive eussr ?
cancel this whole fucking farce and then we do n't have to bother with the tsunami of other shit too .
once we have a single plan of our own to rub together maybe that plan will involve trying to be involved in the eu one .
in the meantime we 've got to pointlessly build our own and shoulder the cost .
the chart below shows how the international phonetic alphabet ipa represents swedish pronunciations in wikipedia articles .
the sweden pronunciation is based primarily on central standard swedish and the finland one on helsinki pronunciation .
i think death while carrying the defuser and killing the defuser carrier would be difficult to do and time consuming watching every second of every game as the spectator view is limited and a lot of info is lost .
but i could easily add whether the defuser was planted or not .
this along with which side won would allow you to see how many retakes happened etc .
edit i was also planning on adding site as well .
no need to pick a number will pick the winner with ? sort=random
for a resume writing class assignment i sent an extremely shitty resume to an airline company for a mechanic spot .
i like doing mx but as a free man not as a slave .
i 'm more than willing to take a paycut to do my job as a civilian and be a weekend warrior as part of the guard or reserves to fulfill my personal belief that every man should do service in his country 's military .
so those two reasons led me to not re-enlist .
full supplies will generate 140k 210k los santos sale worth of product in a fully upgraded bunker or 20 of capacity .
so you 'll need 5 full sets of supplies to fill the bunker .
he means why do we let the muslims do what they want and all that random crap that the reddit trolls like to throw out because they are so damn ill-informed .
this is the best tl dr i could make original https www.reuters.com/article/us-warcrimes-mladic/ex-bosnian-serb-commander-mladic-faces-verdict-in-genocide-trial-iduskbn1dl2wk reduced by 69 .
the hague the u.n. tribunal on war crimes in former yugoslavia hands down its final verdict on wednesday in the genocide trial of ratko mladic the ex-bosnian serb general accused of ordering the massacre of 8,000 muslim men and boys at srebrenica .
prosecutors demanded a life sentence for mladic 74 who was the serb army commander in bosnia 039 s 1992-95 war and is also charged with crimes against humanity over the siege of sarajevo in which 11,000 civilians died from shelling and sniper fire .
mladic 039 s lawyers argued that his responsibility for murder and ethnic cleansing of civilians by serb forces and allied paramilitaries was never established beyond reasonable doubt and he should get no more than 15 years if convicted .
the quot butcher of bosnia quot to his enemies mladic is still seen as a national hero by compatriots for presiding over the swift capture of 70 percent of bosnia after its serbs rose up against a muslim-croat declaration of independence from yugoslavia .
prosecutors said the ultimate plan pursued by mladic bosnian serb political leader radovan karadzic and serbian president slobodan milosevic was to purge bosnia of non-serbs a strategy that became known as quot ethnic cleansing quot and carve out a quot greater serbia quot in the ashes of old federal yugoslavia .
mladic has suffered several strokes though u.n. judges rejected a flurry of last-minute attempts by defense lawyers to put off the verdict on medical grounds .
summary source http smmry.com/https www.reuters.com/article/us-warcrimes-mladic/ex-bosnian-serb-commander-mladic-faces-verdict-in-genocide-trial-iduskbn1dl2wk faq http autotldr.io 245535 summaries so far . ''
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords mladic 1 srebrenica 2 serb 3 bosnia 4 argued 5
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic .
please do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
he looks like he is talking on an invisible iphone while on speaker .
shipping will be 3 unless you buy a lot and it gets heavy .
we can do paypal goods if you cover fees .
items in album but not on list below are no longer available .
laura mercier smooth finish flawless fluid in creme 15 remaining 5
becca shimmering skin perfector liquid in opal smaller size used 10x 10
lorac powder cheek stain in petal pink used 10x 8
chanel rouge allure velvet lipstick in l'eclatante 42 ris used 5x 15
nars velvet lip glide in unlaced ris used 5x 14
bite matte lip crayon in leche ris used 10x 12
bite high pigment pencil in zinfandel ris usage unknown 12
makeup forever rouge artist lipstick in n18 50 remaining 5
bite high pigment pencil in winterberry ds used 5x 5
maybelline vivid matte liquid lipstick in 10 nude flush used 5x
i had the same face when i tried reading the title of this .
i am a bit confused about the order of these fights as they are shown in a non linear way .
is the big asian bloke the first to fight john then the violin lady followed by the two asian who get killed by a fucking pencil and the whole subway fight ?
i 'm a little unsure about this whole scene .
the only one i 'm 100 on is that the pencil guys are after the violin assassin .
tldr the fcc is about to kill net neutrality .
we 're protesting nationwide on dec 7th to stop them .
the federal communications commission fcc just announced https www.techdirt.com/articles/20171120/11253438653/fcc-plan-to-use-thanksgiving-to-hide-attack-net-neutrality-vastly-underestimates-looming-backlash.shtml its plan to slash net neutrality rules allowing isps like verizon to block apps slow websites and charge fees to control what you see do online .
people from across the political spectrum are outraged so we 're planning to protest at verizon retail stores across the country on december 7 one week before the vote and at the peak of the busy holiday shopping season .
we 'll demand that our members of congress take action to stop verizon 's puppet fcc from killing net neutrality .
net neutrality is the basic principle https www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2014/05/the-case-for-rebooting-the-network-neutrality-debate/361809 that has made the internet into what it is today .
it prevents big internet service providers like verizon from charging extra fees engaging in censorship or controlling what we see and do on the web by throttling websites apps and online services .
the new chairman of the fcc ajit pai is a former top lawyer for verizon and the company has been spending millions on lobbying https www.theverge.com/2017/7/12/15959932/comcast-verizon-att-net-neutrality-day-of-action and lawsuits to kill net neutrality so they can gauge us all for more money .
by protesting at verizon stores we 're shining light on the corruption and demanding that our local do something about it .
only congress has the power to stop verizon 's puppet fcc so at the protests we 'll be calling and tweeting at legislators and in cities where it 's possible we 'll march from verizon stores to lawmakers offices .
ajit pai is clearly still working for verizon not the public .
so we 're calling on our lawmakers to do their job overseeing the fcc and speak out against ajit pai 's plan to gut title ii net neutrality protections and give verizon and other giant isps everything on their holiday wishlist .
click here https events.battleforthenet.com eventtype=protestrally and you 'll find an interactive map where you can see if there is already a protest planned near you .
if not you can sign up to host one http act.demandprogress.org/event/team-internet/create and we 'll send you materials to make it easy and help you recruit others in your area .
these protests will be quick fun and 100 legal .
if you ca n't attend a protest on december 7th you can still help defend net neutrality by calling your lawmakers http battleforthenet.com and spreading the word on social media .
you can also sign up to host a meeting with your members of congress or volunteer for our texting team to help turn people out for these protests .
so i just started playing runescape again after learning the 2007 version was back .
i never really pk 'd besides running around clueless with low level friends way back when .
i do n't know that much about pvp and was wondering how to fix my stats so i can actually compete .
i was trying to go for a range/mage thing but it does n't really work lol .
i also have a bank of like 150k so my weapons options are kinda limited
is anyone else unable to tell their family about their porn addiction ?
my family has noticed my depression/anxiety and isolation but has not discovered the real reason why .
so i 've been back on my citalopram after about 6 months off it .
i 've only been back on it fort two week and i 've never had this issue before but i ca n't physically orgasm since then !
is this normal a normal side effect and should i speak to the doctor about it ?
it 's killing my sex drive cause even though the sex is amazing .
i was watching a ftb tutorial a few weeks ago and the youtuber used a wand or item of some sort to instantly fill in some holes in the ground .
i ca n't find the video as i 've watched alot since then .
edit/update so for more details in the video his ocd got the best of him so he removed some stone or something that was showing on top of the dirt from the ground then instantly filled it in with dirt/grass .
it was a cluster of blocks filled all at once .
it 's like it highlighted the empty space with a glowing color then he clicked and boom filled .
i 'm not sure if this is even a spoiler because it 's with a few of the boys but there are no kissing scenes in many of the routes .
i finished a few of the routes hoping for a damn kiss and all i get is text saying they kissed .
rip carnivorous cube eating another cube then another cube eating that one for infinite cubes dream ... ... ...
bad people who do fucked-up things are sometimes the result of a bad person doing fucked-up things to them .
you do n't have to excuse or even forgive someone like roman polanski but you can begin to understand the reason for his actions .
i score 21 goals in the first 3 game 's gameplay is smooth etc and then in the final i come up against yashin my players suddenly ca n't do anything and are basically stuck in mud i concede an rng long shot equalise not long after and then ...
he has the ball in midfield i track messi 's run but noooo my block bounces off my defender and still goes through to messi for a tap in then i concede another rng longshot after yashin makes several crazy saves .
yashin then makes lots more crazy saves up until the 75th minute where my opponent starts to just keep the ball in the corner doing keepy ups ...
he had 3 shots on target and beat me 3-1 .
i get a gold players pack and premium gold players pack if i had won the final i would 've most likely gotten the same plus a jumbo premium gold pack .
this game mode just does n't even make any sense anymore .
so it 's a picture of a sad kiddie diddler ?
can someone explain why there is no chat in the game ?
on a daily baises i have at least 2 anxiety riden existential crises .
so i 've been stretching for about 3 years now .
ever since the very beginning my left ear has been a breeze and my right ear has been the bane of my existence despite being conscientious in my care of both of them .
we 're talking regular essential oils jajoba coconut oil salt soaks to help blowouts heal regular cleaning gradual stretching via taping and tons and tons of patience .
now i 'm in a situation where my left ear is very healthy pliable and able to be stretched easily every few months .
i believe it 's at a 12mm and even without jewelry in it looks great and feels healthy .
the right ear on the other hand is at a point where i feel stuck .
it 's blown out several times despite my attention to taking care of it and now the hole has quite a bit of scar tissue around it .
any attempt to stretch even the slightest bit even after months of careful cleaning and salt soaks leads almost immediately to blood in the hole .
because of this i 've had to guage that side down several times and i believe it 's at 10mm or maybe even 8mm .
my question is is there anything else i can do with it to get it able to stretch again ?
i 'm willing to be extremely patient but i 'm also feeling kinda hopeless .
i 've heard that punching is one way to remove scar tissue and kinda ... reset the way that it heals allowing for future stretching .
if i did get it punched how much of a size jump would be required to remove that non-pliable tissue ?
could i just punch it the 2-4mm to be equal with the other side let it heal and go from there ?
i do n't know a ton about what to do here and i figured this was the place to ask .
tldr the fcc is about to kill net neutrality .
we 're protesting nationwide on dec 7th to stop them .
the federal communications commission fcc just announced https www.techdirt.com/articles/20171120/11253438653/fcc-plan-to-use-thanksgiving-to-hide-attack-net-neutrality-vastly-underestimates-looming-backlash.shtml its plan to slash net neutrality rules allowing isps like verizon to block apps slow websites and charge fees to control what you see do online .
people from across the political spectrum are outraged so we 're planning to protest at verizon retail stores across the country on december 7 one week before the vote and at the peak of the busy holiday shopping season .
we 'll demand that our members of congress take action to stop verizon 's puppet fcc from killing net neutrality .
net neutrality is the basic principle https www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2014/05/the-case-for-rebooting-the-network-neutrality-debate/361809 that has made the internet into what it is today .
it prevents big internet service providers like verizon from charging extra fees engaging in censorship or controlling what we see and do on the web by throttling websites apps and online services .
the new chairman of the fcc ajit pai is a former top lawyer for verizon and the company has been spending millions on lobbying https www.theverge.com/2017/7/12/15959932/comcast-verizon-att-net-neutrality-day-of-action and lawsuits to kill net neutrality so they can gauge us all for more money .
by protesting at verizon stores we 're shining light on the corruption and demanding that our local do something about it .
only congress has the power to stop verizon 's puppet fcc so at the protests we 'll be calling and tweeting at legislators and in cities where it 's possible we 'll march from verizon stores to lawmakers offices .
ajit pai is clearly still working for verizon not the public .
so we 're calling on our lawmakers to do their job overseeing the fcc and speak out against ajit pai 's plan to gut title ii net neutrality protections and give verizon and other giant isps everything on their holiday wishlist .
click here https events.battleforthenet.com eventtype=protestrally and you 'll find an interactive map where you can see if there is already a protest planned near you .
if not you can sign up to host one http act.demandprogress.org/event/team-internet/create and we 'll send you materials to make it easy and help you recruit others in your area .
these protests will be quick fun and 100 legal .
if you ca n't attend a protest on december 7th you can still help defend net neutrality by calling your lawmakers http battleforthenet.com and spreading the word on social media .
you can also sign up to host a meeting with your members of congress or volunteer for our texting team to help turn people out for these protests .
... however the return email was not to a square-enix representative as it claimed to be or from my bank who would be expected to contact me in this situation .
it was from a gmail account that google says belongs to some woman in the united kingdom .
this is just a simple reminder to everyone not to click links in unsolicited emails .
always go to the website itself to inquire about correspondence you receive .
so did he polabski have his family murdered then fuck a child or the other way around ?
not trying to say anything just trying to understand the crazy shit in this guy 's life
i did n't want it to be too long and i had to make dinner so ... .yeah .
we were on high alert but did n't want to stress the soon to be new mom .
it was a beautiful party and i love that they chose to include her husband in the celebration .
good food seeing people we love and celebrating a beautiful person who is going to be a fantastic mother .
about a half hour before the party was to end all hell broke loose .
we started to hear yelling coming from the hallway outside the hall we were in .
not wanting to upset the pregnant woman myself my cop cousin and another cousin go to investigate .
what we find is mommy fearest with her brother the stb mom 's father backed into a corner screaming at him to give her a kiss .
she was full on trying to it appeared at least to us make out with him .
he was yelling at her to get out get off him and to stop .
we obviously pull her off of him and try to get her out .
we follow and just as we come in she shoves mom to be down and starts screaming at her for allowing me to corrupt her and her baby she does n't deserve a baby and i kill babies .
i grab her because everyone was too shocked to move .
it is at that point she actually realizes who i am .
i watched her recognize me and it was like she changed in front of my eyes from regular crazy mf to holy shit i 've never been this scared in my life mf .
it was like my nightmares come true and i can not express how accurate that statement is .
she immediately started swinging at me i tripped over my own feet goddamn heels and fell .
she jumped on top of me and was just wildly swinging while screaming and spitting that i ruined everything .
i am fucking her husband the only father i have ever known .
i am fucking the judge the lawyers the doctors the police just everyone .
i do n't know how i even have the time to attend parties with all the sex i have apparantly been having .
she was dragged off me kicking and screaming and ended up kicking me in the face .
i get up to see if cousin is ok see that she is crying and just lose it .
i held my hand over her mf mouth and start letting loose with everything .
i even spoke about what she did to me when i was six and i have only spoken about that once with a therapist .
no one knew that she had done that but i was screaming it all .
just a verbal waterfall of all the shit she has done to me while i held her mouth shut .
not even when she was on top of me .
because it is much worse for her when the cops come and because i did n't want my cousin to have an all out brawl at her celebration .
the cops come and my cop cousin tells them the situation and i show them the ro that i carried everywhere with me .
my cousin and i were taken to the hospital to be looked at .
my nose is broken and i 'm a bit bruised but i am ok. cousin is also ok. she stayed overnight for observation as did i since they were afraid that between my heart condition and my seizure disorder the stress and pain would legitimately kill me .
we got to share a room thanks to some awesome nurses and doctors .
so we basically had a sleepover with occasional vitals and check ins .
we talked into the night about some of the things i admitted since she had no idea how bad it really was .
many other family members have contacted me to make sure i was ok and to apologize for not knowing what she was doing to me my whole life .
they knew she was bad but not the extent of it .
so the cat is out of the bag with every member of my extended family now .
she fought she struggled she hit a cop she kicked a cop in the balls .
she got her ass beat because she just would not stop fighting .
she threatened to kill me in creative ways several times .
she threatened to kill my kids and make me watch them die .
all of this while fighting the officers and being hit with the baton and then dragged out .
i have spoken with the prosecuting attorney and i am fairly certain that she will not be getting out anytime soon and they will be taking what happened in her state into consideration when it comes to extradition .
she will most likely serve her time here first then be sent there to serve whatever shit time they give her until she either gets released or who knows walks the fuck out of the jail during lunch .
she is looking at almost ten years right now after taking a bunch of stuff i am choosing not to include into evidence .
let 's just say that the bag she had on her had a purpose and it was n't a good one .
if she was n't so unhinged she may have had an opportunity to use the items in her bag .
thank the deities for her insanity because she was planning on following through with her threats .
i ca n't tell you how grateful i am for her lack of actual self control .
a broken nose is nothing compared to what could have happened .
behind bars that are far less likely to make the mistake of letting her go .
this has been a really hard time for us .
paranoia anger fear confusion and uncertainty have been very hard on us .
we are ok we feel safer and we are finally getting to relax .
after i separate from active duty i think i 'll want to apply for a federal job that handles victims of sexual assault/abuse .
looking for experienced people for a fast leviathan run .
i 'm a freshman in high school and i 'm 5'1 .
i 'm shorter that 90 of the female student population in my class so i 'm unhappily single is there anyway to overcome this or will i have to wait until my growth spurt my dad got his when he was 19 close to 20
they 're both great examples of how abusing tradition/etiquette/process can inspire the opposition to do the same and create a total shitshow for all of us .
eps has grown for 5 years and is expected to keep growing .
it 's slightly boring yes but it seems like a safe bet that should have more momentum than it does .
not sure what causes it or how to fix it .
it 's probably an ios bug ... but is anyone else experiencing this ?
a friend of mine has had it happen as well but i feel like it happens every other day and it 's a little infuriating .
only way to fix is to turn the phone off and back on .
anyone have this happen or have ideas for fixing it ?
the system has a nice heft and feels quite solid .
slightly heavier than my old x60t apparently but i do n't really notice might compare later .
i can hold it by one corner if necessary no flexing .
the screen is unfortunately too short and the terrible hinge design continues .
causing a lot of neck craning and ergonomic issues .
that was expected though and i 've already played around with a higher portable riser and so forth .
those aside though i will say that the lid seems to take a decent amount of effort to open and feels very solid at any angle i set it at ... the question is what about after some wear .
the display itself looks great even if it does have a touch layer that i disabled .
i was and am worried about the pwm but so far it 's not flashing like a strobe at me .
gon na put it through paces at different levels in different lighting conditions to check further .
sad to say though it was missing parts https www.reddit.com/r/lenovo/comments/7entxu/it_arrived_but_its_missing_parts despite having plenty of time and even longer than their initial estimate to put it together .
guess trying out the wwan will have to wait sigh ... .
once i get the entire system i 'll really be able to put it through its paces but it already feels like a decent candidate for a daily driver .
thanks and congratulations to everyone who made this model happen .
for the past couple of years i 've just been selling items on those buy and sell groups on facebook but i 'm thinking about becoming an ebay seller .
do you sell your items at a higher price to make up for shipping if you choose free shipping ?
how much of each sale does ebay get percentage style ?
how do you get your name out and about in the ebay world for a newcomer ?
would you say that you make more profits then losses ?
so i purchased mu and for the last few weeks i have been reading my way through the x-men and spider-man chronologically and that 's all i 've done so far i just finished the introduction of the phoenix .
i 'm looking to branch out more but marvel has ... a lot of crossovers to say the least .
i hear a lot about 616 and stuff like that too i 'm just feeling intimidated .
i 'm just trying to adjust to marvel and was wondering if someone had some free time to give me a cliffnotes on how to handle crossovers are there reading orders posted anywhere ?
and how the marvel universe works as a whole .
i 'm coming from dc so i understand the multiverse concept is it like that ?
also is there anything i should just plain avoid ?
looking for some dead books for christmas ideas that my family could get me !
just started playing this game after watching some of the events over the last weekend they were really entertaining and made me download the game .
i 'm having a lot of fun and have already bought the founders pack so i can unlock all the champions .
anyway i was looking through the cosmetic items and it 's a bit confusing as some are require through chests that you purchase through the gems or whatever and others are the vip only currency ... tbh its a little confusing .
for some reason when i 'm having a sweet tooth dill pickles with cheese satisfied the craving .
i know presidential debates did n't really become a big tradition until the 1960 election but there was still a precedent for big time politicians engaging in debate .
given how tense the political climate is i think one or more of the candidates challenging the others to a debate is n't that crazy .
say if long challenged reed to a debate and then curtis and garner got involved .
in game terms it could be a single event that gives popularity bonuses to the candidates respective party/ideology .
it could also take the route of uob 's congress of the trade unions and be a larger event chain though given the amount of events the us already gets this is probably unnecessary .
as frustrating as this game already is adding to it the fact that it takes a few minutes of sitting in a lobby to get into a game the game will keep declining .
me personally this is why i ca n't sit here and play for long periods anymore .
it 's just too much of a waste of time .
feel free to advertise your club or request a club to contact you .
everyone i have been reading a bit on the history of coins in the medieval time and came across this what if anyone with 200 bitcoin created her or his own fork like bitcoin cash with better features ?
what will happen to the whole cryto market in the long run ?
will you sell the free '' coin to buy the one your preferred one ?
i ask because it 's cringey and i hate it .
quit ruining shinsuke nakamura 's and bobby roode 's entrances .
i recently got an a h zed6 mixer after returning an awful awful behringer xenyx and i 'm pretty happy .
connected to it are two volcas and a microbrute .
i got a mini kaoss pad 2s for nothing a couple days ago on ebay and i was wondering how can i put everything together .
my guess is volcas and microbrute to the mixer mixer 2xlr out to 3.5 ts cable to the kaoss pad headphones to the kp ?
the idea is to be able to use the fx of the kaoss pad on the whole thing .
or is the headphones out of the mixer used for the mini kaoss ?
if i get a reloop recorder down the road can i do volcas/microbrute mixer mkp reloop headphones ?
is there any way to help them when you dont live in the us ?
other than say welcome to our beautiful world part and let them move in
i had 100 iron arrows definitely more arrows than i know what to do with .
imagine my surprise when i sent my heroes to battle fg and i ran out of iron arrows .
my question is did this happen to anyone else ?
or was there some decor item/fighting item i was n't aware of that took 80-100 arrows ?
this is very weird especially considering you ca n't accidentally delete your inventory or anything .
now that chronos pendant 's price was reduced a bit do you think it is viable as a first or second item ?
i have not played for some months so i don´t know how 's the meta right now .
since i 've masturbated and have n't had any sex in this period .
i will be having sex in a few days .
and i 'm afraid i 'll ejaculate within no time .
have you stumbled upon any new ab news or products that 's so awesome that you want to share to our community ?
did you discover something new that works well with your current routine ?
what about a product that did n't live up to it 's hype ?
do you want to talk about an indie brand or product that is underrated ?
have you found a new way to use reuse old packaging from past ab products ?
good or bad wow the community with the details !
i 've been looking for an excuse to have a rp with a celebrity .
so i have devised a few scenes that i would like to do .
wishing on a star after seeing a famous star that flies across the sky every 60 years .
making a random gesture i wish on the star that one of my favorite celebrities was my girlfriend .
the next day i wake up to a call from that celebrity .
turns out i woke up in a universe where the two of us had been dating since before they got famous .
now i 'm on my way to their place where she promised me some personal time
blackmarket mystery box the alt-right is a hell of a thing .
after they elected trump america slowly began to look at sexual slavery with a lighter tone .
now that it 's legal all female celebrities that get caught in criminal acts are sent to a rehabilitation center where they learn to be good fuck toys .
i got the celebrity of my dreams untrained and as my slave .
if you find them interesting and want to do them .
though i 'm willing to hear out your ideas for celebs .
a few years ago i was trying to do a 30-day water fast with no supplement .
however it took me around 10-15 seconds to stand up after two weeks in .
on day 27 i was at a bank waiting in line .
after standing for around 5 mins i feel dizziness and my sight turned black and felt like i was going to pass out .
i am just curious if these two are the results of not taking any supplement such as salt and potassium ?
i am asking because this time i am trying to do a 60 day fast but this time i will take sodium and potassium along the way and monitor my blood pressure and heartrate regularly .
just want to know more about how my body would react to water fast .
yesterday the first day of fasting i checked my blood pressure and pulse rate and this is the result 131 85 68 pulse .
i think my stat is within the healthy range .
so today i added some of my old 1.7.2 mods in my mod folder but then noticed that i do n't have the forge .jar for 1.7.2 so i redownload it and try and install it .
it says i had to run 1.7.2 manually first so i make a new configuration for 1.7.2 and try and play it but it just gives me this message the version manifest was corrupt .
error details missing key 'artifact ' on libraries .downloads should be object required as there 's no classifier .
they are talking about nerfing primed but even without primed snipers have little to no flinch .
i was constantly getting hit markers on snipers today only to have then one shot me after putting 2 hit markers on them .
then when i watch kill cam and see my shots land they do n't budge an inch and not even using primed in at least one instance .
all proponents driving a net neutrality repeal are hoping to
extort our money we pay for quicker '' read the same internet speed
curtail our freedom limiting the attention products services and content gets if it 's undesirable in some way
they 're forcing manopolies and running extortion rackets which are legitimate crimes last i heard .
i just fail to see the merit ... . what y'all got for me ?
edit while i 'm concerned about the legality of this any governmental establishment with a brain is going to move within legal bounds .
it 's the morality of it i 'm appalled with .
what as the average guy do i have to support in this move to repeal net neutrality ?
welcome to the daily altcoin discussion thread of r/ethtrader .
all sub rules apply here so please review our rules page https www.reddit.com/r/ethtrader/about/rules to become familiar with them .
the rules page is also linked in the announcement bar above .
this thread is intended as a welcome place for discussion of all non-ethereum related crypto .
newcomers who have basic questions about ethereum can find answers by visiting r/ethereumnoobies or our ethereum education wiki page see here https www.reddit.com/r/ethtrader/wiki/education .
to view live streaming comments for this thread click here https reddit-stream.com/comments/auto .
account permissions are required to post comments through reddit-stream.com .
does anybody know an exact date when it will start ?
so i started getting into wine about a year ago when i had a bottle of 2011 chateau beaucastel cdp .
ever since i 've been hitting my up my local wine store every couple of weeks to grab a ‘nice ' bottle of wine .
unfortunately most of what is readily available is pretty basic .
while i enjoy these i feel like i 'm missing out a whole world of experiences in ages wine .
the problem is i just have no idea where to start .
i think what would be best for me is to find a couple of bottles to dip my toes into the water .
after a few ‘safe ' trial runs i 'm hoping i will be more comfortable navigating myself .
would any of y'all be willing to help me identify a few good bottles in the pre-2000 years and potentially give me some guidance on the best way to procure them ?
i 'd be willing to spend up to 150 for a good bottle and more for a great bottle i saw an opus one in my birth year for 250 that i am contemplating although i would love to find some cheaper bottles to drink on a more regular basis .
i prefer cabs and left bank bordeaux but really willing to try anything .
i 'd like to try more french wines as most of what i usually get is from napa but by no means is it a requirement .
disclaimer 19m i 'm the same guy with congenital heard disease who asked here before .
no i do n't eat chips every week i get like one small 40g bag once a month if i 'm lucky .
love french fries though but still not to any fault .
diet is composed of veggies often with fish or meat and some seafood if budget permits .
this has always been a major annoyance of mine every single time .
i 've theorized that it 's because of gases in the bag so i just kind of let the bag sit open for a bit and i almost always require air conditioning when i eat .
i do n't really think they 're allergies either because this happens to a lesser extent when i eat a box of fries and even then when i cook fries at home i do n't sweat when i eat them and never happens on any other fried food .
why do i have to sing some stupid song ! ? !
what do you mean there 's more verses ! ? ! ?
i 'm gon na go downstairs in a minute for some good old night meal s
should i get pasta and hot sauce or a donut with probably not hot sauce
you 're all doing good but to be a great actor you must be a great singer !
if you 're looking for a japanese account or looking to gift/trade a japanese account please add japan '' or jp '' in bold to your account post .
if they have a small history or no history do n't deal with them .
if their only r/talesoflink history involves the gifting thread do n't deal with them .
if most of their posts are in another game 's subreddit and they try to offer a another game 's account do n't deal with them .
if you find their current account screenshot matches the screenshot given on a previous thread do n't deal with them .
if you notice them asking for accounts on multiple occasions or claiming to have lost their account on multiple occasions do n't deal with them .
please report any suspicious activity to the r/talesoflink mod mail .
let me know what you have and how many crates you want .
i also have heat para bio x2 and adds for a tw octane
looking to buy a new car with a budget of 4500 .
a family friend is selling his 1995 miata mx-5 for 5000 but will give it to me for 4500 .
the car only has 75k miles on it and he put in a new engine 2000 miles ago .
he has very recently put in the new engine as well as new brakes new pads and new rotors .
everything else in the car works great except for the ac and heater which i never even use in my current car .
he has shown me receipts of the work done and it all comes out to about how much he would sell me the car for .
my whole family does n't want me to get the car because of how old it is but it seems like a great deal to me plus i really love the car .
would this car be a good choice for a fun and reliable daily driver car ?
i have over 8 years of experience in the field of digital marketing .
besides digital marketing i also have the following skills that can prove instrumental for the growth of your organization
keyrex level up bot bonus cd-key http steamcommunity.com/id/keyrexbot http steamcommunity.com/id/keyrexbot
each cs go key you will get 16 card sets equivalent to 1600 xp .
each tf2 key you will get 12 card sets equivalent to 1200 xp .
every 220 gems will get you 1 card set equivalent to 100 xp .
! help show you the commands and what they do
! owner show the admin profile if you have any problems you may contact me
! stats show current amount of bot currencies sets gems keys
! level your dream level calculate how many sets and how many keys it will cost to desired level
! check show how many sets the bot have available and how much you can craft
! check amount show how many sets and which level you would reach for a specific amount of keys
! checktf amount show how many sets and which level you would reach for a specific amount of keys
! checkgems amount show how many sets and which level you would reach for a specific amount of gems
! buy amount of cs go keys use to buy that amount of cs go keys for sets you dont have following the current bot rate
! buytf amount of tf keys use to buy that amount of tf keys for sets you dont have following the current bot rate
! buygems amount of sets use to buy that amount of sets for gems following the current bot rate
! buyany amount of cs go keys use to buy that amount of cs go keys for any sets following the current bot rate
! buyone amount of cs go keys use this if you are a badge collector .
bot will send only one set of each game following the current bot rate
! buyonetf amount of tf keys use this if you are a badge collector .
bot will send only one set of each game following the current bot rate
! buygemsone amount of sets use this if you are a badge collector .
! sell amount of cs go keys use to sell your sets for cs go key s
! sellgems amount of sets use to sell your sets for gems
! selltf amount of tf keys use to sell your sets for tf key s
! sellcheck amount of cs go keys use to check information about sets you can sell
hey all just started to look around the files to tweak the fleet size involved in a battle is the limit for how many ships will be in a battle instance '' one that i can watch etc based on cp or fleet size limits ?
and what file should i modify to increase it ?
friends are important and they can be ever sweet much like the peach pies of ok ok i 'm singing ...
but savior you 're in luck because in this thread
you 've got a ton friends to help you let loose
see all you got ta do is ask around and they 'll say
what sort of units do you want what friend team would align ?
let me take your friend code i 'll add it in !
as a semi related question what do they think of their own military sailors ?
my original cable and the monoprice cables i bought to replace it both seem like they 've been burned from use .
the plastic around the connectors are blue tinged or expanding or have stopped working .
what 3rd party cable do you use that does n't degrade ?
it freaks me out that anz is making it so hard for me to find what they are investing my money in .
it was a interesting game but as we unlock new arenas the thing we unlock is new cards
legendary are extremely rare i have reached hog mountain arena still iam not getting a legendary card or a legendary chest
the reason people are getting bored is the same game mode and as we advance to new arena the thing we unlock is new cards and nothing else where as in clash of clans we unlock many things such as completely new game modes i.e builder base
this is the main reason behind the boring ness of game pls make a completely new game mode
the touchdown was new concept but not completely new as like normal 1v1 battle concept
pls make a new game mode and pls increase the flow of legendary or like the clan wars
what do you think how much will litecoin cost by the end of 2018 ?
i 've been mentioning how i had almost gotten it and i should have had it a while ago but i lost an elder 's blood potion because i forgot it only stacks to 3 normally and i forgot to even do the daily for three days during farming .
looking for a fun group of people or a place to rest your weary bones ?
it 's a small inn set by a beach we do n't charge for booze or board and there 's even girls that are willing to dance !
she 's neat and fun but are we not talking about the fact that i can potentially have a 900-1600 damage nuke on a 4 second cooldown ?
i 've bought new cooler for my pc lc-cc-120-lico liquid cooler .
it 's literally one of the cheapest aios available but according to most reviews quite efficient .
from what i 've gathered it should top at 70 in stress .
in my case it reaches 100 before i shut down stress test .
my previous cooler was silentium fera 3 and it topped at 85 max .
pump is running at 100 but my cpu still idles around 35 few degrees more that air cooler .
it also looks like there is a gap between cpu and cooler so they connect at 1/2 surface which is most likely reason for overheating .
as a uni student in my early 20 's i like to go out with my friends a lot .
at the bar you see a lot of girls looking to fuck .
most of them like to wear short shorts and skirts you know the ones that let you see the bottom of their ass or tight dresses with no underwear .
i found myself getting excited just looking at some of them .
my question to you is do you like to wear slutty clothes to impress guys and what do they look like ?
let 's look at photos of slutty clothes and try to come up with the best outfit for picking up guys .
one of my biggest kinks is public play so thinking of what these girls do in these outfits while they 're out turns me on .
if you 're looking for an outfit for an upcoming event and are feeling a bit frisky i would love to help you shop if you 're interested send me a pm with what kind of clothes you like wearing .
so i checked the posts a few minutes ago and we are at 160k likes right now .
so we need roughly 10k more likes and this campaign is officialy cleared .
if you have n't please check the links here for the different posts and like them global france south korea and china
share with other subs i know we already did but we need to squeeze as many likes as possible today before it ends .
i also want to say thank you to everyone who participated and helped push the likes this far now it 's the final mile and we cross the line ! .
occasionally i am not getting skip mode on certain shows that should have it .
it happened previously once but tonight happened in two shows .
jimmy kimmel on abc and tosh.0 on comedy central .
coming to work in the area specifically livingston for december and january .
doing my research getting my gear together and definitely checked the annual average weather but not going to know for sure until i 'm there freezing my buns off .
expecting the worst hoping for the best does anyone brave the elements during this time as well ?
and most importantly where should i be getting drinks ?
casual looking for one with harvest and trick so i can start shiny hunting with ease !
the death mage that does n't want a fourth time
his life consisted of misfortune after misfortune culminating in an unlucky death during an incident on a school boat trip trying to save a girl he barely knew .
after death he met a god of reincarnation who requested that the hundred or so dead passengers—one of them being the girl he tried in vain to save—be reincarnated into another world .
yet a series of unfortunate events forced hiroto to reincarnate with even less luck than before starting with nothing but a tremendous amount of mana .
his second life far worse than his first came to a cruel end .
however upon meeting the god a second time he was informed that there would be yet another reincarnation—one that had already been set in motion and could not be stopped .
not wanting hiroto to endure a third life filled with suffering the god cursed him before he was reborn in the hopes that he would either die quickly or commit suicide .
hiroto was reborn once more as a half-vampire half-dark elf .
not wanting a fourth life he is determined to live this third life with the only things remaining from his previous lives—death magic and his enormous mana pool .
this is n't x-wing tmg content but i love this community and i need your help .
i like using the internet and i think you might like doing the the same .
i am the one organizing the protest in santa rosa ca on december 7th .
we are patrolling between the 2 verizon stores on the main drag of the city .
i need as many of us as possible for this it is our last chance to save the internet .
please join me from noon to 8pm any minutes you can contribute are appreciated on 4th street from the verizon ajit pai 's boss store on 4th to the mall other verizon store .
if you use the internet then this is vital .
i 'm currently in london on vacation staying in kensington/high street and would absolutely love to meet some compatible couples for some fun .
i 'm 27 6 '' 0 and have a delicious beard with a wonderfully thick sidekick .
i can travel with using all the money on my oyster card .
teach a tenno to fish and they 'll be stuck between the gate dealing with random patrols and this infested spawning event .
schedules usually from morning am to about 7 pm and 7 pm to 7 am
rules we run the 6 rule and green yellow red
infos we are looking for new members to start the siege battles with you .
you can contact me here or just join the guild ingame .
yesterday i had 25 squad fitnesses today i login and have 2 .
i was invited to an interview the name of the interviewers was given to me i looked up the name and sent an invitation with a message that i 'm looking forward to the interview and would like to add them to my network '' over linkedin ?
i 'm not experienced with networking and have no idea if that 's okay .
should i go ahead and send an invitation to the other person ?
i used to have a hard on for zeals but yellows are ... just something else
is there any way to connect to this person and email message him our concerns ?
i know i 'm at work without a charger '' i 'll be home in a few minutes though .
the size of the screen should not affect dpi at all resolution might but i 'm not sure .
but how did those heckin big sneks feel about snoot boops ?
sure there 's a lot of injustice to lynch if you look at it on a 'per person ' level .
but it should because idk work to discourage would be war-crimers yeah ?
i strongly believe the point is to prevent future prospect of fubar shit not to refrain from dishing out injustice .
i did not spend a lot of time thinking about this so there might be some aspect i 'm missing out on .
i 'd go a step further and replace internet with communication .
we 've already established that everyone has a right to telephone access .
making quality internet access as sacred as telephone access would at least maintain the status quo we had going .
joe morgan wrote a letter to the senate today urging them to kill net neutrality .
by multiple endings they will probably have each cast member sit on the iron throne .
which is the cheapest way they could film multiple endings .
you are correct it is part of a mobile phone contract .
it is exactly like you have in the uk .
https www.vodafone.co.uk/pass you pay extra for unlimited access to certain programs that do not count towards your data cap .
so if you only use netflix you 7 pounds extra for unlimited access instead of paying more for unlimited everything 15 pounds in this case .
this is not exclusive to the uk and portugal in the eu there 's many countries that offer this type of deal .
of the female names used are real world names though .
i think u can that in controls switch sticks when flying
if you are a 110 with ilvl 880 and you get a 915 then swap and worry about stat priority later .
however if your ilvl is 915 and you get a 920 that is n't on stat might not be worth .
spoilers for those who have n't watched st2 yet but bob 's death was heartbreaking mostly cause my first thought was no one kills samwise .
a simple moment like shooing away bill the pony carries so much weight because you can really feel how much emotion astin was pouring into it .
that is hilarious but you should have posted the pic .
then why are some independent news sites anti nn ?
just because you they work for a news site does n't mean you know what you 're talking about or you 're not biased .
does anyone else find it suspicious strategic that ajit pai released this the week after last week tonight ends for the season year ?
whenever you feel the temptations just give that time over to god instead .
that 's because it 's does n't only effect gods .
you 'll get the same performance out of an 8600k or even an 8400 .
if you 're going to be streaming a lot or doing non-gaming stuff that will make good use of the hyperthreading on the 8700k then spend the money otherwise it 's not worth it for pure gaming performance .
the x62 is expensive there are cheaper 280mm aio or you can get a good air cooler like noctua d15
are there specific features on that board that you could n't find on less expensive options ?
the asus strix z370 boards have an llc issue right now anyway .
it is likely to be fixed with a bios update but for a 200 board i would just get something else .
you do n't have to spend so much there .
given the same components the asrock z370 pro4 will perform the same for a lot cheaper
you 're paying a 50 premium for a couple leds on your memory .
that 's fine if you really want thatb rgb but that memory is not going to perform any better than any other ddr4-3000 kit on the market
if you are planning on going with an sli setup at some point in the future even a 650w would be enough .
the g2 is a good choice but 550-650w is more than enough .
we really need to find wandering ball and chain giant now .
its done to help people not overextend when the bar is otherwise too low .
she 's willing for other people to pay a price for something she wants .
when i hit the download button it takes me to an strider ryu char link
yes all three bfme1 bfme2 and bfme2 rise of the witch-king .
they all have quite a large and active player base .
get your room straightened before you start your other morning activities .
gets you ready to go on to the next task .
you start off the day productively and maybe it 'll carry on all day .
if your day ends up beinh shitty you at least get to come home to a nicely made bed .
if anyone can find the video of the military man who said this in a speech please link it .
it 's helped me so much over the past few months..
i have a dishwasher right now he 's trying to get past level 8 in zombie army trilogy .
i 've had some serious existential issues with playing characters in video games where the suicide express '' gets you where you need to go faster than walking .
i would assume wrangling with the needs '' of an onscreen character requires higher and more evolved emotional responses .
they still have a large margin of progression but i would n't be that surprised to see them join g2 .
hjarnan is discreet yet constistently gets the highest damage share of eulcs adcs .
unfortunately it has been removed for the following reason s
this link or one very similar to it has been recently submitted to r/technology .
if you have any questions please message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ftechnology and include the link to the submission .
yeah but i thought the academy teams are meant to bring up na talents
maybe try tying your skates with the top eyelet undone on both skates might make them a bit more loose
it 's just that i never contribute with actual threads on reddit in any subs .
i 'm not sure why i guess i just do n't feel like .
but i do answer sometimes when i see interesting posts .
however i also feel like there 's a lot of clever people in r/neutralpolitics .
whenever i go to answer something there 's always someone who has already posted the same answer with more coherently formulated arguments valid sources and a better insight in how to answer the question in a way that makes the most sense in an american context .
i learn a lot from that too because while the answer might technically be the same i learn a lot from just the context of how americans view the same subject .
black metal just tends to be really coarse and manic stuff like harmony laden vocals and chord progressions you can hum along to or play on a piano is n't really something you 'd hear in that genre .
when rock or metal can do that that 's something i 'm really into
still amazed by the fact they did n't put samuroid 's head apart in the first place just put it on a shelf .
i mean it might 've been booby trapped and they did n't even check what 's inside ?
i 'm no mod but it does n't sound like you 'd be breaking any rules just the mold .
the event sounds like they ritually sacrifice one of the employees every year .
let 's just say the other angle has a little 'more ' going on .
we can all see you have n't been paying attention and do n't care enough about your own beliefs to understand them on your own .
you literally just asked someone to spread propaganda '' in the other direction instead of just researching it yourself .
there is way too much shit happening which is making the song have no groove .
try taking a few parts out and making the drums really consistent .
especially the snare and kick try snares on beat 2 4 and the kicks on 1 3
if we payed the iron price '' we 'd kill him and take the internet .
i think you misunderstand what the iron price '' is .
that 's actually the third time someone 's mentioned groupon to me recently about different things i really need to learn about it and get into it '' a bit i seem to have skipped out on it a bit but it sounds like it 'd be hugely beneficial .
thanks i 'm going to try out your build too .
i mod the ranged weapons for cc usually blast which deals with the crowds .
it 's a similar idea to prolonged paralysis but it does n't have the pull .
it 's strength is that it applies more status effects which is good for condition overload/healing return .
some of my favorite weapons to use for this style are mutalist cernos cycron and any 100 status shotgun with punchthrough .
i find the cycron to be the best at cc because of the guaranteed fire proc innate punchthrough and never having to reload .
this show is very political whether you like it or not and elliot sure as hell would support net neutrality .
i was fortunate enough to at one point in time have a windows 10 phone .
so now i play on both that phone i have since upgraded to samsung galaxy s7 edge but kept the win10 phone exclusively for dmk and switch back and forth from my win10 desktop pc and win10 phone .
they should at least let us toggle pet skills like we do equipment .
if i 'd gotten a really good essay the first time why would i spend time and money doing another one when i just need to improve my math and reading scores ?
to add on to u/thelawdown it probably also possibly unintentionally since i am not familiar with the law helps reduce accidents from people doing stupid things around the pumps since there is now a person right at the pump who will stop pumping before you drive away and can see if you leave your car on are smoking etc
anyone raised by a narc can see the little jabs she 's put in there .
charm is surface level and is mostly for other people i 'm sure that she liked showing him off .
the girlfriend piled '' in to the family car is one .
the tone here is you were n't invited but here you are !
and of course none of the siblings felt like they could go to the wedding b/c narc mother would have a meltdown .
would n't she if she were truly a bewildered but loving mother want them to go ?
actually you get all the rewards it just sometimes the inbox shows either the wrong picture or no picture but you always get something .
i 'd say they 're all your graveyards so any abilities that trigger from there that refer to you '' or your '' are talking about you and not talking about any opponent .
i was thinking more of a change.org petition for those outside the us as i 've had suggested to me multiple times .
aye brexit is a fuck-up no need to remind me .
i had a traumatic brain injury and feel for this little girl .
the real suffering was the prejudice and harassment after i left the hospital .
remove this video and do not treat your daughter 's life as a way for you to get attention .
you could see what appears in 2018 but i would n't hold my breath for anything extraordinary ...
if oled is very important to you tvs are your only choice .
make sure to check reviews though as many tvs with hdr do n't have hdr that looks any good .
it did n't work out well for the democratic party or the country and it just seems that people like you are more interested in convincing everyone that you were right than moving forward .
my favorite is monster because of throw away codeine crazy mad luv etc but beast mode is right up there because of zaytoven .
i could listen to peacoat on loop forever and never get sick of it .
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
r/netneutrality fcc changed their open internet information page https www.reddit.com/r/netneutrality/comments/7esxrp/fcc_changed_their_open_internet_information_page
nbsp if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
okay here https imgur.com/a/8f8uk is a new-keynesian economist read pro-government leaning who you should probably know the name of paul krugman
he mentions the 1950 's but early 60s was similar .
this actually was written in 1996 just to emphasize how much things have gotten better for the very poor in a short amount of time .
you can find this passage online i 'm sure or in the book the accidental theorist '' which is where i recently read it .
i did n't hold the door open for someone walking just behind me and only apologised to the once ...
alright everyone i know i said i threw my phone at the wall which i did gently but after one more gacha gramps came home https i.imgur.com/bqd38pn.png .
i just used 180 quartz with the next story coming up ahead .
i 'm so fucked jesus christ but at least i got who i wanted
also do n't throw the phone against the wall as well in an attempt to get gramps just because i did it
lebanese politics 101 https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_pact or how demographics in a country contributed a huge complexion in a country 's politics .
they are n't going to show us anything until they have it pretty much done and ready to deploy .
they are n't going to show us every idea they think of .
once they have it hammered out and settled it will be communicated .
everyone needs to realize how big of a deal saving bet neutrality is
you sure you want to go on another one ?
depends upon where in the registry you are writing .
he had 8 goals as a first liner was 23rd on the team in corsi linemates were 9th and 16th 22nd on the team for fenwick linemates were 8th and 13th and those numbers come with a 57.1 offensive zone faceoff rate .
but why does she have a condom in her back pocket ?
morris is a soft runner he hits the hole soft and doesnt finish his runs hard .
this is not complaining btw just some of my thoughts and opinions .
i am ok with de at least they are asw queens and at least i use them for my revenge for new sub loli in e2 node j and if they reward 1 de this event fine but 2 is just shoving in ur face .
and i think e1 reward are fine except the depth charge .
they are rewarding equipment that is craft able even for newbie .
i am not talking about this event only but last event too .
i think e1 should give sth that will have help newbie like a dihastsu or a lbas even raders .
i know that veterans players and older players wo n't care but these kinds of reward are very useful for new players i mean even giving a spf will help new and players that dont have any spf since they are making us use spfs for easy might not be that needed but it will help .
i was excited when they tweeted that e3 reward will be larger than dd/de so we might get a cl or even a ca but it was a sub biggest twist for me this week .
not saying i dont want new sub i am happy that i-401 got a sister but it is a drop and e-2 reward a de loli zzzzzzzzzz .
i am glad to get a new duck this event suzu but they follow the 2015 summer formula .
hahaha in sum 2015 u had to kiss aa princess ass but this time u gon na kiss pts imps and many night battles ass with 7 ships being limited to ur cv l/b and will get a duck .
and for the drops and ship rewards as a whole as seemed they for the event they went for ijn focus as u can see from drops and rewards so its ok .
but event as a whole small would have been better with these ships rewards .
anyway gl our ur events ttks ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ..
i found it under dim in the external and internal media .
to my surprise google and youtube were not much help .
i came up with many links re transfer computer to fire but no such luck on the reverse .
so it helps about a dozen families who need no help to begin with ?
monks change a lot depending on the foams etc you use .
did you get the ex-pack with the differet fitting options ?
the three men plan to vote to repeal net neutrality .
the two women plan to vote to keep net neutrality .
the three men are republicans and the two women are democrats .
given that there is a very very clear existing fissure between republicans and democrats on net neutrality and only a weak one between men and women itself a product of the partisan split between men and women it seems like the republican vs. democrat divide is the operative one here not male vs. female .
consider that in congress where there are many male democrats net neutrality votes have been strictly party-line
with all that in mind i do n't think that casting men instead of republicans as the villains here is reasonable .
that 's what i love all of a woman 's strengths talents and intelligence culminate to find her a special lover ... and she ends up on her back anyway .
it will always end this way the woman on her back her knees taken from behind .
the power dynamic is inherent in sex itself regardless of status outside of sex .
your comment has been removed because you are not registered .
please take the time to read our rules and register before posting again https www.reddit.com/r/steamgameswap/wiki/rules wiki_i._joining_the_community .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/steamgameswap if you have any questions or concerns .
i was thinking of other death blow users and had forgotten about brave users .
i still think the skill is viable but maybe not in all cases .
i prefer not to let the government tell us what we can see on the internet .
i 'm honestly not sure i 'll have to ask my parents .
it was n't an issue for harvey until one day it was .
without working illegally you 'll have about 20/day in a very expensive city .
did you even check prices before you foolishly booked this trip ?
keep telling yourself that when you 're broke and sleeping on the street .
plus this has been going on since forever not only in france but turning a travel advice thread for a sweet getaway into something racist is waaaay below me .
your plan is to break the law and work illegally .
cancel your trip because you ca n't afford it .
the point that stood out most to me was him needing 4200g to come online .
im an invoker main as well 2.5k and i find that until i get bot as well i really cant get kills .
op whats ur dotabuff..can u share would like to see how a 5k invoker plays !
it 's easier to understand the book i find when i do the practices she suggests and have a consistent meditation practice .
if the benefits of meditation could be wrought only by reading about and intellectually understanding the concepts would n't we all be free and enlightened or at least be living our lives with vastly less suffering ?
i 'm not here to really convince anyone of what is right just that it 's worth a try and it might be worth seeing for yourself .
of course pain can be tolerated but i can not speak to everyone 's experience ever in history or the future or all of the time nor do i hold myself or any particular authority as to the absolute truth of the nature of and tolerance to pain .
what i 'm trying to say is that through meditative practices experientially shifting perspective on pain especially emotional pain but also physical pain has helped me .
we 're human beings animals and it 's devilishly difficult to defeat our nature .
we 're designed to hate pain and view it as negative and try to avoid it .
it 's built in that we want to avoid it .
much of american culture centers around avoidance of pain and seeking pleasure after all .
of course palliative and compassionate pain relief are necessary for quality of life for many people .
i am not at all suggesting that pain is n't real only that a reactive view of it being negative is not necessarily fact .
that still does n't mean pain is bad '' or even that it 's fruitful to avoid or suppress it .
it 's informative and it drives us to do something whether that 's remove our hand from a flame and go to the doctor or leave an abusive marriage .
for what its worth before i came over here i was just scrolling r/all and upvoting every nn post i saw .
bots are certainly not ruled out but its possible other people are doing the same thing or deliberately searching for them .
from the looks of the location my guess is this is either pillboxes in lanikai based on plants and proximity to ocean or a kaneohe hike .
flaring massively as work is making me increase my hours 😳
what a beautiful place great place to raise the kids !
hard because there are no east-bound access or west-bound exits on the pike between alston and 93 .
a couple of bucks who will do it for a couple of bucks
if we want it we have to fight for it .
i 'm not sure i mean a lot of people take small doses the same way someone might do so with an instant release type medication
i mean hes literally just taking his assumption and applies it to a whole company .
its also not really logical that he assumes that a multi billion dollar company wont store it safely .
he takes winterfell but falls in the battle with the others .
spray the edge with mineral sprites then use the dental floss .
if you do n't have sprites use cooking oil .
sprites will break down the adhesive oil with present it from re-sticking .
goo-gone or a similar product are designed to remove adhesive and they 'll work too .
yup i 'm pretty sure it says in the bible somewhere do unto others before they can do unto you '' .
it 's right next to the part where jesus refuses to heal the sick in favor of a single-payer system .
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
we got rid of him for one term a while back .
but people can be woken up with smelling salts do n't they ?
there might even be something to it but it 's definitely not a replacement for proven cancer treatments https www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc4215472
problem is that ea isnt a game '' company its a publishing company that buys development studios and then ties a know around their neck while ordering them what to do and once they sqeeze all the juice '' out they get rid of them..
they make enaugh money to pay their devs with plenty to stack for themself but they became greedy af .
im willing to bet you that of dice was independent games would be better along with better monetization .
honestly i 'd try to cut the guy a break .
first of all he 's super young as far as the derogatory words go .
he has a lot of learning to do about language and respect .
most importantly though you admitted yourself that you only spoke to saw him a hand full of times while you were with josh ... that means his only perspective of you was through what josh his friend at the time had relayed to him or alternatively based off of how happy josh was .
i 'm assuming not very by your description of the relationship .
yes the guy was n't head over heels for his friends girlfriend right away .
maybe you were but that 's because you had a massive case of justified grass-is-greener syndrome and he looked like some shiny beacon of light .
you came into the relationship from two entirely different places so your opinions and views were probably vastly different .
if he makes you happy stop putting so much emphasis on who loves who and be confident in yourself !
enjoy the day to day and stop ruining a good thing over semantics .
i might have two got into an accident where my truck flipped multiple times and crushed the roof so bad they needed the jaws of life to pry me out ... .passenger=no injuries at all .
do i get more karma if i leave a comment here
i think that 's why it does n't get shared often if it does get shared adidas will just change the image..
hello this post was removed because you have not contributed to the community previously .
if this is a request for help a legitimate question or a link to a website that does not solicit for business please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffinancialplanning .
otherwise please read the rules https www.reddit.com/r/financialplanning/wiki/rules and review reddiquette http www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette .
if this is a post soliciting for business please review the reddit best practices '' for self-promotion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/financialplanning if you have any questions or concerns .
do explain how nn does not affect companies like google and fb while hampering other companies .
i guess my version of the game has more maps than the author 's because i enjoy war mode .
this is not the place to spam your channel or stream .
hmm according to this http www.twincities.com/2017/11/22/gophers-coach-p-j-fleck-receives-contract-extension he is n't even getting a raise .
there was a brief kerfluffle with free kegs yesterday apparently so it could just be that the store is a bit buggy at the moment perhaps .
you 'd think it being removed would 've been mentioned at least like a week before so people that were in no rush would actually know to be in a rush .
it 's very nostalgic and effects me emotionally when i can get into it .
but if i 'm distracted or not immersed it 's incredibly boring .
one a few schools consider grad school legacy where it can help you .
could we swing a deal that brings in jordan clarkson and an asset to relieve them of cap if they actually want to go after lebron or pg ?
and where the offence is let the great axe fall
yeah apple officially says it should hold 80 of its capacity after 500 cycles roughly
your battery is designed to retain up to 80 of its original capacity at 500 complete charge cycles .
i 'm concerned a brainwashed shill will torture me live on facebook
it will decrease health costs for the government because they wo n't need to subsidize all of the people who will stop purchasing health insurance because it will be too expensive to justify purchasing because healthy people will not be forced to offset the costs of sick people .
if you 're sick or planning to be in the next 5-10 years at minimum i hope you 're rich and can afford to be one of those able to be insured .
it 's a lot easier to tear stuff down than it is to build it up .
good luck seeing any improvements for this any time soon if they kill it .
here https youtu.be/na5r0bdnjzs 's a great short lecture on igf-1 in soy protein isolate .
dr. mcdougall is one of the world 's leading plant-based nutritionists a vegan guru and even shows off a fan 's vegan tattoo in this lecture .
people are surprisingly kind and often without any prompting .
any time i 've encountered something i was n't able to do when i was younger i 've mentioned it to a friend or colleague and i 'd immediately have both thoughtful advice and offers of help if i needed it .
there are things that you might think are wildly unreasonable to ask of someone and they 're actually things that people will readily do just because they know you 're on your own .
one of my friends let me stay on her couch and took me to different potential homes when i needed to rent my own place even though she also had a job and her own responsibilities .
another friend came over once i was living on my own and helped me decide what to buy for my meals and what would stay good longest and how to cook some basic things i 'd never been able to learn because my family 's kitchen was always unusable .
even when people ca n't help you through actions they 'll want to support you regardless .
i chose a credit card after talking with my colleagues about their experiences with debt and friends who shared their financial do 's and don'ts .
and even recently when i was faced with the possibility of having to buy a new car due to an accident i was so irrationally afraid i 'd be stuck doing an insane commute like the hours-long one i did for college because my nmom convinced me wanting a car was selfish and then rarely helped me cover the public transportation costs even though she also convinced me that getting a job instead of helping her was selfish .
like just the prospect of doing that again was enough to stress me out even though public transportation here isnt even feasible and ridesharing is affordable .
but before my brain could even get into that anxiety tailspin one of my coworkers insisted on driving me to work instead of letting me use uber or lyft every day and another offered to go with me to any car dealership since i had no experience in that area .
countless other people in my life wanted to know where id taken my car for repairs and shared their own experiences with car accidents and costly repairs and what to do if mine got out of hand .
friends would ask me if i had any errands to run just because they wanted to offer ahead of time to help out .
i know that i go out of my way to help other people when i can but somehow it still amazes me that other people do it too .
the biggest lesson i learned was that not everyone will use your inexperience as leverage you can find actual advice everywhere online and you 'll meet people who want to help you out just because .
living on your own is much much easier than you 'd expect and it comes with the added bonus of regular normal stress instead of crazy insane levels of psychological stress .
one day after i 'd first moved out i realized my biggest worry was which brand of cat food to buy my cat and not the crushing fear of how i would disappoint my nmom that day and i was so happy .
almost everyone has a positive review so this is the first time i 've heard this o.o
you got a lot of hate in you man .
it 's ignorant to think white people are all going to mistreat the people they adopt .
not that i 'm doubting you but any examples ?
the original prey was a pretty famous example on steam .
people bought the game and were told they 'd have to wait for keys .
i think it was taken down as a result of this .
i do n't know if the people who were told to wait got honored or refunded .
this is very much in keeping with gdpr which is coming to europe may 2018 .
it basically states if you suffer a data breach and fail to report it or had incredibly inadequate defences in place you could be fined up to 4 of the companies global annual turnover or up to €500 million whichever is higher .
that 'll be an interesting one to see for the likes of yahoo etc .
also totally agree with this comment companies do n't care about capped fine of 100,000 when they make billions .
they would care about 4 off their bottom line though .
while every game is wholly important the rams ' game at seattle is going to be quintessential to winning the division .
as somebody else pointed out the rockies were 3rd in runs scored last year .
just noting that this is misleading given park and such .
sorry for the confusion box is sometimes slang for server .
from what i understand it 's a 4u freebsd machine with with 24 drives all formatted to ufs .
we are all bulls and lakers fans on this blessed day
edit scratch that we are all bulls tank bandwagon fans on this blessed day
my reason is because i am one and ... idk i just like them too i guess !
never really noticed that there is n't a reason lol
do n't know why you 're being downvoted since this is a pretty solid answer for your situation .
just to clarify this is everywhere on reddit right now we do n't need it here too .
everything else that comes with what i define as a man .
i am not a feminist at all i want a real man .
i fucking hate all these special snowflakes who are distancing themselves from feminism .
i do n't care if they virtue signal as an anti feminist .
i want to see them challenge the biased family courts .
that is what real anti feminists like karen straughan does .
and who is she to define what a real man '' is ?
whenever i see a car coming at night the full headlights are in my face idk how to explain it .
however whenever it 's parking the lights stop at a certain point like this http www.veloster.org/forum/attachments/hyundai-veloster-exterior-lighting/9220d1346958320-vt-headlight-cutoff-vt-stock-no-fog-1.jpg .
how come when i look at it i can see the whole light but when it 's aimed at a wall it stops at a certain point ?
so the mermaid could be an unlimited blocker given the current meta though she can easil die to a strike bella token or just disabled by sylvia .
the saur is ok but i am unsure that he wins you the game and that is what is expected from a 5 drop .
tutor can be good but would need better dinos but certainly not a horrible card .
quickcastcard unfortunately enables severing and is always a minus one card .
so the only way to handle that is to win the counter war with enough counters and mana but i just used to of my hand cards already and payed a resonator 1 so chances are not that super high
am i going to have to get the mods in here ?
you 're blatantly misframing my responses to try and 'win ' the discussion .
how about you have a cup of tea and try again ?
u/p3sc3 mafia is now back on the steam store .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/forwardsfromgrandma if you have any questions or concerns .
then you clearly have no idea what stock valuations are determined by .
it was assumed by the people in charge of determining the stocks value
these two quotes of your own post are hilarious .
to go on to try to say this is how stocks are valued and then say that some people in charge of the stock value determined it was good or bad .
i think we 'll just have to agree to disagree with this one .
it does n't really matter who 's pushing the narrative if at the end of the day there is a narrative being crammed down our throats .
what makes the difference for me is that in one example a private entity that built their platform from the internet is pushing a narrative .
and the other example where a fair balance is being enforced an outside force is policing something in which they did not create .
i can see how this can be seen as irrelevant but i think it 's ethically wrong more-so than what media owners do themselves .
like i said too if isps take over access to the web i believe there are more consequences than just the difference of shitty content we see these days and i do n't envisage those other consequences to be fair .
you 're not technically wrong about what you said i just do n't agree with that perspective .
all those players combined are worth 875k do you mean you have 800k in addition to them ?
if not are there any that you want more than others ?
does n't he know not to flip anything unless he can double his money ?
lofia is kind of a vettel lite which is n't so bad considering how good vettel is .
in later jobs they both branch out in completely different ways .
vettel gets great melee jobs holy cavalier and samurai and lofia gets into enchanter and chronomancer making her a very good and tanky !
they 're both good might as well keep them both relevant
i had just turned 18 and went to stay the night with my boyfriend .
during this time we had decided that getting drunk was the appropriate way to celebrate .
unfortunately he had to work and neither of us were old enough to buy alcohol .
so instead he paid one of his bosses from work to get it for us .
the boss came by after he had left and tried to talk me into getting drunk with him .
after refusing he got desperate and climbed into bed with me .
he did n't seem to understand the word no .
the moment he went to put his hands on me was the moment he realized that i had taken a knife off of the bedside table .
stopped him in his tracks and he apologized before leaving .
he seemed like an okay guy the few times we had met so this was completely unexpected .
do n't take skier 's first task until you have both the green kiver helmet and the f46whatever fort armor already .
its timed and failing means you lose rep with him .
also the armor is pretty rare so if you dont play a lot it would take a fair bit of time or luck to find one .
holy crap every word of this was dead on .
darius just parry his q or ult and fiora wins
the thing about playing fiora is most of the time winning the game is in the hands of the fiora player like i said earlier .
even nasus can be put down but holy shit talk about a monster..
i saw it but did n't get a chance to play .
i found one i dont know what it 's called something swtor i reskinned it and added inferno squad logo when i get home i can send you my files if you want it .
well if all you see is some guy trying to go to n.k. odds are just as good as anything that they 're a nk agent .
i constantly solo play to gain goals/points but it is so riaky at this rank as opposing players are skilled enough to get a fast break goal .
so which i play a 3v1 as my teammate dont realize this and over commit un attack
there have been women cops for a lobg time everywhere in a cery small percentages as soon as men didn‘t want to deal with kid witnesses and making coffee .
i 'm going to copy this pasta all over the next panthers game thread dude you have no idea
i do n't miss being on the opposite side of these conversations .
at least i had one grandparent who was n't shitty about these things and my parents are okay about it but they expect me to carry on the family since my sister ca n't have kids
it 's better than something like valdosta or lubbock being the nearby city i guess .
if you do n't mind me asking which carolina were you in ?
if you 'd rather pm that 's fine i nearly doxxed myself on a previous account and had to delete it so i did n't get stalked by bernouts .
i was in a similar situation where i came out to myself long before i came out to anyone else .
my undergraduate university is n't exactly known for being progressive so i ca n't say i really met a lot of lgbt folks there either .
he is clearly here to shill for his president who wants to abolish title ii regulations .
title ii regulations allow the fcc to refer to isps as common carriers preventing them from discriminating against certain kinds of transmissions .
the act generally bars with certain exceptions including most rural areas acquisitions by telephone companies of more than a 10 percent interest in cable operators and vice versa and joint ventures between telephone companies and cable systems serving the same areas . ''
the g37x is awd while the g37 is rwd .
3.7l v6 that produces well over 300 horsepower and depending on which variant you get usually 0-60 is anywhere from low to high 5 's .
it 's called pics '' and half of it is just text these days .
if you 're jumping that high do n't try to catch yourself ... with anything .
the problem is someone in his position has access to a lot of young girls unlike any of the other people you listed .
what if the next girl he victimizes is 15 ?
do you think it 's ok to have a sexual predator around kids ?
if you had a 16 year old daughter would you be ok with her fucking her teacher ?
does upgrading the helm increase the crit resistance or does it stay the same ?
my dad on a few occasions was n't paid but he never did anything .
after a particular guy did n't pay years later his widow arrived with a cheque for the remainder of the amount owed .
but you are right happens more often than you think .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 askreddit is for open-ended discussion questions .
if you 've posted a question that could be answered with just yes or no it needs to explicitly ask for more discussion like asking what 's the story '' or why or why not ? ''
also questions with a single correct answer that can be researched elsewhere or provide a limited scope for discussion yes/no dae polls etc .
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you must post a clear and direct question in the title .
if you have any queries or concerns please feel free to contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=yes/no+related+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed automoderator+said+rule+1+or+3 please review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/7eorn2/can_you_hide_a_sub_from_your_feed_without .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
he could n't access any benefits at all from our government .
i need to get a custom done from you .
wow ... . i have absolutely no idea what is happening .
all i see is sketches of someones face and a turkey holding a saw blade mace .
i 'm not sure how much tmac goes for but i 'm imaging obscene amounts of mt so imo sell him to get a better all around team also finaih domination asap
the biggest thing you can do to your dps which is not rng based is get t20 2p .
that and going with fa+sera will give you the largest dps boost .
after that it 's mostly using sera on cd which means making sure you have at least one spare stack of sotr optimally 2 and to make sure to delay wings to always line up with sera 5s earlier actually .
the main thing to keep in mind when going dps build is that you need to be very on point with you sotr charges so you always have them when you need them .
if done correctly sera can actually be a effective survivability increase since it will buff the hell out of your sotr .
cases where this makes a lot of sense is huge one-hits like maiden .
if you 're against immigration then there 's no problem
the only downside on the console versions for this game are the cencored exections with the black and white filter .
i love my xbox version of that game but i will always prefer the pc port with the fan-patch to remove those ugly filters .
slow rate of fire clip size less than no .
of neutrons in hydrogen shitty ass sound less reserve ammo .
i can talk for days on how much i hate that gun
getting to phase two with most of the raid alive is the challenge .
i used to do that but it is n't the best strategy all the time .
first you lose a round that you might have won which would have given you more flexibility in round 2 .
second northern realm opponents will gain 1 free card that way effectively nullifying your gains .
if i feel i 'll lose in round 1 i 'll try to lose by as much as possible eg .
10 points lower than the opponent by throwing out trash .
that way i gain as much advantage as i can for later rounds .
working in drive-thru it weighs down the notes so if people drop anything it 's usually just coins .
and they usually close their hand in time to not drop anything .
put the notes on top and the notes blow away the person gets out of their car and holds everyone up .
sure it 's less convenient an order to get your money but you also get to keep your money .
because then you would n't be able to make games like fallout 4 .
it 's like asking why anyone would want to make domething marvelous but costly .
sure some might just decide to go full konami but thankfully for us most game companies are n't really like that .
i came over to logitech from mad catz with the purchase of saitek .
as far as proof goes there 's a few on here who have met me in person at the frontier expo recently and i 've been helping people out if they 've been having trouble getting hold of support .
i 'm a casual i do n't even know what you can buy with micro-transactions to begin with .
travel the world and learn to cook popular cuisine from the locals .
i 'm not gon na berate my wife for picking a macbook instead of the exact same laptop i have she does n't play games edit audio video or do anything with windows really .
they are a child chain on main ethereum relay chain .
i live in lisbon and never had problems with my internet .
banner can willingly transform into the hulk but he also will transform when angry or stressed as displayed on the helicarrier in the first avengers .
i do n't believe that banner willingly transforms into the hulk a single time in aou he transforms unwillingly before the attack on hydra later he is manipulated by scarlet witch and in the climax he is pushed by black widow .
that does n't mean that he ca n't do it however .
i do n't know how to make friends outside of school
which exchange would you prefer in terms of secure/trutstability ?
i know a cold wallet is the best option for long term hodlers but in case of having some stack for quick trading which of them would you prefer ?
possible future problems of tether is the reason of my doubt .
it was my impression that logging takes place in the surrounding areas which are still very valuable .
but i do n't think they are concern the national park or the nature reserves .
23 shooting but filling up the stats with 13 boards .
i agree this is probably my favorite gun in the game so far because it makes you take a step back and practice your individual shots .
well the industrial revolution was a thing it 's getting very similar to those types of levels of the gilded age and stuff .
treat yourself as if you were your own parent and you were speaking to yourself as if you were six years old forgive yourself for your mistakes and learn and grow .
honestly what was worst has elphelt with infinite range along with may and demeter literally mowing down teams with korin 's unremoveable shield stopped any chance of fighting back
i hope we 're getting a real sense of pride and accomplishment from this !
can i still do it if i 'm not in the us ?
i really would like a 5t but my op1 is still running like a beast .
if i understand correctly she already visited a doctor here ?
i assume he/she explained why an appendectomy will not be performed .
and as stated above when she does n't agree with the offered treatment she can always try to get a second opinion .
i 'm not a huge movie buff so when most critics complain about the editing in a film i generally have no idea what they 're referring to .
this is genuinely the first movie i 've sat through where in the theater i thought to myself this is a mess .
it felt like it was a decent movie that someone threw into a wood chipper and poured mountain dew on .
even if you do n't ever recognize bad editing in films you will notice it in this one .
ca n't wait for some more of his tasty pies https i.imgur.com/qk1tyxm.jpg
i do n't know how he keeps getting picked it 's a mystery .
he must have dirt on the selectors or no gag reflex
jinzo will hardly destroy the balance of the game .
remember that we have a magic version of jinzo in the form of horus and he hasnt exactly destroyed the balance of the game either .
once again people are underestimating just how fragile jinzo is .
do you look at a silent magician lv 8 and think it is invincible ?
no you just think that all you need to do is get it into defense mode and it is toast .
is this the direct cause of inflammation from high dietary omega-6s or is this one of the many effects omega6 fatty acids have in your body .
the people who are planning to vote against net neutrality will vote against it no matter what .
unfortunately that did n't make any difference when i tried after you suggested .
somehow though last night it randomly started working fine again which makes no sense the game is back on the external .
here is a white house petition to save net neutrality .
we can achieve more than 100,000 signatures and show the white house how we care about net neutrality .
as long as it 's only for cosmetics then it 's okay imo .
only other thing is that in order to achieve the loot boxes there should be a in game currency just like it is now in order to achieve them .
earn bp in game to buy the crate but pay money to open it as long as majority of the funds goes towards the tournament or whatever it 's intended for .
but personally i would have gone with rogue or a priest .
ya and then just search through each one when looking for your name i suppose .
both early game if you go dual and late game where you can literally demolish him solo .
also you can try support tb but we 'll you know it will be support tb so even if you play him good it is 50/50 .
you may try riki as well he is kinda good vs am early game because of smoke and in lategame nillufier diffusal+smoke and am ded
had kid broke up with so after finding her with other guy .
been 2 years and i just started getting my confidence back .
crushing on this girl who hangs out with me but do n't want to lose awesome friendship we have .
the fact that i 'm hanging out with people means i 'm on the up and up .
otherwise i 'd be in the basement leading people in pvp in some mmo with dorito dust on my now shaved neckbeard .
the moment i knew i liked my crush more than a friend was when she texted me saying she was smoking weed in a park saw a shit ton of plastic bottles littered and left by highschoolers who regularly play football there .
she picks up all the bottles and takes their football they forgot .
aw i was going to tip you if you were
try ow on a different account and see if it works ?
people are saying in here that it might be a ban but i 'd like to see proof .
there 's no proof that anyone has ever been banned on console permanently .
report system has n't even been out long if you amassed a ridiculous amount of reports in such a little amount of time that 'd be impressive in of itself .
teenager and almost-adult here it 's actually really common for that to happen nowadays and i think it 's mostly because you can buy pretty much any game you want on digital now instead of having to go to a game store and buy it physically with an id or something to prove your age which you can lie about online .
then again i did work in a restaurant a while ago and some kid who was celebrating his 10th birthday there got a physical copy of fo4 as a present even though it 's rated r18 where i live and i agree it is a bit weird honestly .
i 'd love to keep this cheat sheet to refer to as well .
you do realize we laugh but it does affect us too ?
sure brexit affects you more but we still feel the eventual riptide of the action .
yes the removal of net neutrality mainly fucks americans .
if there is some uk website that wants to sell shit in america they might be forced to pay american isps so that it can be shown to americans .
net neutrality is fundamental requirement for the entire ecosystem that is the internet .
yeah maybe something needs to be done about those as well .
but apparently there are more games/day than usual http www.rankedftw.com/stats/population/1v1 v=2 r=-2 sy=g sx=a .
no problem the charger is rated for low and high voltage
i was told its best to use portion control and eat small meals six times a day with complex carbs to minimise insulin spikes and help you lose weight .
the problem is that if my total daily energy expenditure tdee is 2500 calories then the meals i need to eat need to have an average of 415 calories .
but the thing is i am literally addicted to food so it 's extremely difficult for me to eat such a small meal .
you also need to find something to eat 6 times for the day .
that means that your life basically revolves around foos at this point .
with the intermittent fasting i have now gotten used to skipping breakfast and lunch .
as long as i keep myself busy it 's easy .
i now only need to bother about 1 meal for the day which can be as big as i want .
i get to stuff my belly and still end the day at a caloric deficit .
nothing cheaper than drinking water which i can get for free from a tap .
fasting works because it allows your body to tap into its reserve long term energy stores .
everybody knows that carbs are short term and fat is long term energy .
the only way to do that is by starving '' yourself .
but here is the thing thats literally what your body was designed to do .
it makes a lot more sense if you think about it .
how else to tap into your long term energy storage than going without food for a long period .
now the hardest part is switching from carb burning to fat burning .
your body needs to go through that ahhh crap i 'm out of food '' state before it switches to reserves .
but once it does as long as you have enough fat once you cant see your abs you most likely do you no longer feel hungry once you switch over .
how much days of reserve energy do you think you have .
now the trick is to keep your body in that fat burning mode nit eatimg short term energy supplies carbs .
meats veggies and fats not more than needed is what you need .
also note that it feels like you are dying the first time you do it .
i have done 48 hour fasts when i go out on a eating drinking binge i.e .
6 hours of pizza and beer but i normally stick to intermittent fasting of 1 meal a day .
i cant speak for everyone but i can say intermittent fasting and long term fastimg are definitely worth a serious looking at .
gon na tag onto the main thread also just to make sure i start getting that sweet notification juice again .
i do n't understand why you would n't want an organization to focus on men 's issues as well
i did not say or imply this unless you meant feminism specifically .
however that does not mean that specifically feminism is obliged to or necessarily even should focus on them .
also i would appreciate it if you would refrain from making such wide claims as me not understanding any male issues .
you know very little of me and i shall make no such claims against you .
you have n't gotten rekt by a fully upgraded boba fett i 'm guessing ?
i would say that a better question is what is n't reddit ?
they should have just bought a licensing deal from jaybird and released rebranded x3s .
i ca n't think of a better wireless bud for the money really .
simply outstanding sound quality that you can tweak to your ears via the app .
not sure why many companies attempt to do their own thing but little realise that it 's ultimately going to fail .
wonder what their testing methodology was before bringing these to market .
the tire used to blow up when it was shot down the last thing we need is that piece of crap randomly blowing up on us because tracer found an ulting jr on the other end of the map .
is it just me or did that load super quick
i use the highest pp in the party to determine if they notice something interesting or out of place in the room and slide it subtly into the room description .
if they pass an active check i 'll point them towards the area and if they pass an investigation roll i 'll reveal the secret .
aside from the initial minor hint it 's active rolls all the way .
also there are other ways to detect people/monsters than sight ... more often than not my npcs can hear the party coming way before they can be seen .
who 's to say the pudding ca n't feel vibrations through the floor and make preparations to hide ?
for my group passive stealth does n't even come into it unless they say they are actively trying to be quiet and then i do a group check .
the most important part for me is that the game is interesting and i tend towards interesting gameplay as opposed to direct stats but thats purely preference .
some of the cast of reno 911 as well as joe lo truglio were on the state on mtv back in the 90s .
in fact even b-99 has had some state alumni in roles .
i like beets just fine do n't get me wrong .
part of critical thinking is recognizing when someone else knows more about something than you do .
i only spoke with her about this particular topic briefly once but my guess is there are probably certain scholars whose opinions she finds enlightening .
many organized religions have hierarchical structures with top-down decision-making .
roman catholics often turn to the pope or high-ranking bishops for such rulings many buddhists of certain schools put great weight on the dalai lama 's opinions .
just because a person adheres to the structures and institutions of their faith does n't mean they automatically surrender their ability to think .
in an effort to continue his undoing of the previous administration 's actions donald trump announces that he will have an obama pardoned turkey for thanksgiving citing the turkey had socialist and islamic tendencies and should have never been in this country in the first place .
unable to provide a long form birth certificate the turkey will be slaughtered later today and will be brined in holy water and salty liberal tears .
those are all based on shaky concepts though that may change .
what if violence has a deleterious effect on a developing mind wherein all the vagueries of that language deleterious developing mind '' are at the mercy of a study which may not be impartial ?
we 're not talking about absolute truth but politics and what a politician can prove to people .
confused me for a second sat here like 'thats not a bargain ? '
arab is n't truly a race just a sociolinguistic cultural identity .
berber is in fact a semitic race not a african '' one so what i said stands lol .
first yes ofc free units are the worst just useful at the begining i do n't have an iphone but i think you can reroll on a pc then link to klab account and then log in the game yes x2 banner are the best to get 5s now the movie gacha the 3 banner are good and the fillers bad but have some healers also they are exclusive and not aviable again until a new movie promo or you can wait end of month gacha that is always x2
oh ok thanks a lot for your answer so best to wait for the portal x2 at the end of the month to start ?
the portal arrives on the 29th or the 30th is that ?
sometimes you see a message saying such and such gate is open .
i personally did n't wait for the message though .
the npcs blasted the hell out of me but i had enough horse stamina and horse speed to make it through .
yeah but i ca n't stay with the windows open at all times now .
it 's normal during winter that the inside is warmer than the outside .
his response was to get some additional ventilation holes towards the exterior ... i do n't see how that 's a good idea ... it will make the inside colder .
you 're right but i expect that they are discounting the clemson loss due to key player injuries .
not saying that 's right but it 's the most likely reasoning .
interested to hear all of the informed opinions about what a great job comey was doing .
all of you want to just scream nonsensical shit like obstruction ! '' .
can you give a single reason why they guy should n't have been fired ?
trump is incredibly disconnected from reality as is been clearly shown in the last years .
please do not break the rules of our subreddit repeated rulebreakers may be banned .
the fact that you felt the need to respond speaks volumes and tells me everything i need to know about your overall mood .
so i 'll say again let it go and go for a walk pal .
you 're getting upset about a spelling correction for goodness sake .
it worked fine for me when i tested it .
not only has he been trying to run since the 90s he tried for 2012 but did n't make the primaries .
also this dinner is after he threw his hand in the ring for 2016 and that 's why they make references to a trump whitehouse .
hi spike was wondering if you had access to the audio system wiring info .
not able to find anything useful ... 17 fusion se non sony 11 speakers .
elves are immune to magical sleep and by extension half-elves are too but i believe that 's it .
if it was a joke about trump supporters being gun owning idiot white supremacists '' then you would n't care
that 's a quote from you as you should know .
why the fuck do you think i wrote under that citacion 'this was my reaction to ' ?
jamie ... ... drool is that guy near perfect or what ?
i really like claire too but she crossed time for him and is irritating me with this hippocratic oath business .
the only good thing that can be said about the north koreans who did the shooting is it looks like they were using hardball ammo .
i 've never gotten an influence trade to work but that 's because my targets are pretty unrealistic .
when it comes to fa though my gm has delivered .
brought my shooting guard a prime joel embiid and a jabari parker that does n't tear his acl every other year .
catholic is always a solid choice for crusades holy wars and holy orders .
hindu could be a fun choice and allows a lot of flavor with the pantheon of gods .
they get powerful great holy wars and could help unite the steppe under you .
he was a democrat his entire career up until 2008 .
was independent until he had to run for the republican seat and i 'd argue he still is still completely separate from the gop .
and i get the crappy sleep because you 're paranoid you 're going to miss class !
i do that on any day i end up taking something earlier than my normal classes !
but but those are for men wo n't buying things with man '' on the label make me less of a woman ? ? ?
all he would do by vetoing the deal is lessen the likelihood of a positive outcome for the uk on whose trade ireland disproportionately relies .
if that sets in motion a no deal outcome he 'll have single-handedly fucked his nation 's economy overnight .
gran-gran this is what people who can afford healthcare do when they injure their foot .
especially after you take summer session courses then quarter system courses would become a breeze .
also try to plan out your schedule like take 2 math/science intensive courses one that needs a lot of reading one that needs writing .
your submission was removed because it looks like you 're posting music without a correct title .
does it have spaces around the dash and does it have the genre ?
forgetting these points are almost definitely why it was removed .
you will need to delete this post before submitting again click on delete above .
if you are not posting music please resubmit with the appropriate tag in the title
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
using reddit enhancement suite i just figured out you can filter out the battleforthenet domain .
add in a net neutrality and fcc filter and reddit almost looks normal again !
you 're one are ahead by making an effort to talk to people .
my antisocial ass will not say hi but it 's also because the neighborhood i 'm currently in does n't particularly have a hip and happening crowd and i 've got no kids to use as leverage right this second haha .
my local sub is boring but it 's a smaller city too .
at first i was pretty dissapointed russo kidnapped the kiddos because i really wanted to see a fair one on one with frank .
although i would n't change it at all after watching the full scene it really shows how everyone in the series has to have a leg up on frank or their royally fucked and even with advantage it 's still likely to get destroyed in a fight .
when posting your suggestions on this thread it would be great if you 'd be mindful of not including a period .
at the end of your hyperlinks so people could actually click on them to jump to that sub .
cool so who 's the girl in the picture ?
i think this is why jaywalking laws are a bad idea it 's better that drivers know they 're always responsible for their actions .
legalization would certainly free up resources that could be repurposed to alleviate the opioid crisis .
may be more expensive but there 's no shortage of support or options for what you can do with it
from my understanding the pinegrove thing is n't nearly as bad though right ?
fuck me it looks nasty cant wait to use it .
george washington his teeth were not made from wood they were slaves teeth .
but to me as long as it does n't take a burnish chrome-tanned .
mario combo heavy but has some easy ones that do okay damage even when not optimized .
has some more intricate combos but also has really simple ones that are pretty effective and easy to start off a simple grab or dash attack .
in the closed beta they had these blue orbs on your equipment as a test of physical attachments when you placed mods on gear it was removed in mod 2.0
our government has also tried to mess with the internet though in a different way .
the people were ... not amused but not up in arms about it either mostly because they immediately thought of all the possible ways to avoid the restrictions .
the harshness of the laws is moderated by it not being necessary to follow them '' as the saying goes .
the problem is that most of the government and the most active part of the electorate are the old old people who have no idea how internet works and why is it so valuable .
for them it is another thing like tv or a newspaper in addition to being that thing kids these days are using to steal music with '' .
i suspect that your country has the same problem a lot of politically active people place very little value on the internet because they grew up without it and it is not vital to their lives .
having to subscribe to access some 3-4 cites per month is fine with them because that is all they use anyway
i do n't delete old pictures unless asked to .
one of my exes wanted me to delete all the nudes i have of him and i did .
for the others tho i randomly stumble upon nudes and other random old pictures when i sort through my backups now and again .
net neutrality will only protect you americans from some abuse .
it will not solve the ground issue which is the huge monopolies that isps have in america .
find a way to bring in more competition and you wo n't need regulations to protect you from their greed .
capitalism only works when you have more than only one or two choices .
no net neutrality but isps do n't dare to abuse their costumers because that will help their competition .
nice to see more research coming out of apple !
i 'm curious how this compares to the afaik unpublished ?
ml techniques used by waymo/google sdc https youtu.be/tiwvmrtluwg ? t=10m22s for object detection from lidar .
the places they decided to create these agencies just creates a feedback loop that only keeps supporting these cities .
urbanisation away from eastern europe southern towards the north .
die spd hat 3-5 verloren im vergleich zu den letzten 2 bundestagswahlen diese gingen auf das konto der afd unter der mussten alle parteien leiden .
außerdem hat die fdp ihren platz wieder eingenommen und sich die zurückgeholt die sie 2013 an die cdu verloren hat diese hatte 2009 und 2005 auch nur 33-35 .
es wurde keine klare koalition gewählt oder abgewählt einzig die afd ist ein klares statement der wähler dass man mit einer bestimmten politik unzufrieden war mit denen kann man allerdings keine koalitionsgespräche beginnen .
die kleinen parteien müssten sich auch jetzt schon zusammenreißen tun sie aber nicht .
was wenn sich die fdp weiterhin komplett stur stellt ?
ich gehe davon aus dass auch bei einer neuwahl die fdp keinen koalitionswahlkampf betreiben wird oder wenn überhaupt offiziell auf schwarz-gelb pokert was unerreichbar ist .
die spd wird wieder so tun als könne sie den kanzler stellen .
gut ich halte rrg für sehr sehr unrealistisch da fehlen jetzt schon 10 und wenn sich die spd erstmal dazu äußert mit der sed koalieren zu wollen läuft denen ein ordentlicher teil der wähler davon wie schon im saarland .
man bräuchte auch ne deutliche mehrheit weil sich einige spd abgeordnete darauf nicht einlassen werden und ein großer teil des linken-personals nicht regierungsfähig ist sonst laufen wieder abgeordnete über wie in thüringen und gefährden die mehrheit .
how many posts do we need that state this exact same thing .
you get to wait to find out what 's going to happen just like we do .
the ramifications of that investigation are massive and very real .
a bipartisan congress unanimously forced trump to impose new sanctions on russia for meddling in our election so that 's not fake .
we need to know the truth about all of it and we 're going to .
and if you want to find intelligent discourse in this sub it 's possible .
it 'll help if you stop treating us all like one big librul tearz boogie man zombie .
the users in this sub do differ in their views and it 's not all venom and rage .
there are people like you who are just as far left as you appear to be right but there are also plenty of more moderate people who are open to constructive discussion .
the 65 million people that voted for clinton are n't all one big monster named you '' or you 're '' but if you treat us like on you can easily irritate enough people to self fulfill your own prophecy .
if you come here acting like that you 're going to get it right back .
you coming here acting like that does n't help your cause .
after i sideloaded the oreo beta my led notifications were very sporadic at best .
in the last 2 days i have noticed that they all seem to be working .
charging shows all 3 colors/statuses apps like arlo show green email blue etc .
the only thing i see that changed was the sprint carrier services app updated this week .
overall oreo seems more dialed in i was getting random boots early on not now .
we just picked this up to play as a family since it 's part of the eshop sale .
extremely choppy framerate and gameplay to the point of being nearly unplayable .
just a heads up before spending 10 bucks and regretting it like i 'm currently doing .
hi i 'm new to waves and therefore i have a few questions .
1 is there some transparency report in which we could see all the funds held by the waves team ?
2 i see in the roadmap that the smart contracts are coming to the waves platform in 2018 but there is no specific month or quarter defined is that info maybe available to waves community ?
3 what is the main driver of waves token price rise at the moment ?
is there anything planned in the future which might bring more demand for waves token ?
after completing the basic challenges and going through the first few hours of playing progression grinds to a halt .
without paid loot boxes it takes ages to accumulate credits to do anything .
i ca n't even grind on the maps or eras i want because fuck having any sort of server browser in 2017 right ?
this game is a pathetic shitshow do n't get me started on the tons of gameplay issues but i 'm glad i gave ea my 60 because i learned a lesson worth a lot more than that .
really hope disney takes away the star wars license from these clowns .
they tried to ruin kids with this casino system and are ruining star wars .
ea why did you have to ruin star wars ?
i recently got married and updated my w-4 to reflect that .
today i got my first paycheck since the change and federal withholding went from 160 to 463 .
does anyone have any idea what i might have done wrong ?
wife and i both make less than 30,000 each .
i 'm a 17 year old girl who 's in junior year of high school .
i am completely deaf and i mainly use asl to communicate .
i do plan on going to college at gallaudet but i 'm not really sure what major to take that would support my handicap .
tldr deaf high school girl looking for career advice but plans on going to college .
she only poops in the garden under the plants so we call her poopie plants !
i was wondering if anyone knew of a bar that is open today and would be playing the football games today .
... but today it 's only right that i mention how thankful i am to have stumbled upon this sub which has given me so much to learn about and laugh about this past year .
you 've helped me understand how i should mold my particular stack given me answers to those rare questions that have one concrete answer and have been companions or more accurately co-conspirators in this horrible obsession and addiction that is taking every spare dollar i earn .
your friends their dates and parents are all down in the living room excited and waiting to take pictures .
you are up on your room very excited and nervous .
you are finishing getting ready when you hear a soft knock on your door .
sweetheart are you almost done '' you hear daddy say lovingly as he opens your door unannounced and sees you standing there wearing ...
2 you just graduated college and have just started your first job .
you have your own place with a roommate and have for a while .
your mom and dad are very loving and you have always had a really great relationship with them .
later one night after your room mate has gone to sleep you shower and get ready for bed wearing ? ?
and are catching the late night news when you hear a soft knock at the door .
you walk over to the peep hole and see your dad standing their staring straight ahead ...
very surprised to see him cause your mom and dad live almost an hour away you open the door and say daddy ?
he takes a step into your apartment almost seductively .
thinking that he has something special for you and thats his reason for coming all this way this late you close your eyes .
taking a small step forward your dad gently places his hand under your chin tilting your head upward while moving in and kissing your soft cool lips ... ... ..
3 its your senior year ... daddy is taking you to look at colleges out of state .
its been a very long day on campus ... all day long i have been unable to take my eyes off your amazing tight little body ! !
we get to the hotel and a mix up has been made ... we are stuck in a tiny little room with one small bed and you realize that you forgot your pajamas !
4 its the beginning of your first year of college ... a beautiful teenage girl all out on her own living in the dorm and spreading her wings ... . two weeks before winter break your browsing your favorite porn site playing with your incredibly tight pussy when you come across something that shocks you to your core !
it must be 20 years old but you would recognize the face anywhere ... .. its your dad ! !
you stare at the still picture for what feels like 5 minutes in a state of shock before you click on the video .
you immediately see a young woman going up and down on this huge cock ... . you stare as if memorized .
its one of the largest cocks you have ever scene and as this womans mouth goes up and down it very slowly you can hear your dads soft whimpers in the back ground .
its the most erotic blow job you have ever scene and you cant help getting even more soaking wet .
its so taboo and so wrong but you begin touch yourself .
just as your about to have what feels like a toe curling orgasm you hear your dads whimpers turn into moans and he starts to have the most epic orgasm you have ever scene ... this woman who is now riding him starts to go faster your dad grips her hips hard and starts to cum inside of her.. you gasp seeing your dad fill her pussy with cum his orgasm goes on forever and his cum starts pouring out of her like a river as his orgasm goes on and on ... ..you own orgasm hits you like a freight train hips off the bed eyes rolled back moaning and thriving on your dorm room bed ... ... . several weeks go by and you come home to fall break ... you have all but forgotten that night in your dorm ... walking in your house you hear some commotion in the kitchen.. turning the corner you see your dad standing there unloading groceries and it all comes flooding back ... in just two steps your little panties are drenched your heart start pounding and you feel the goosebumps on your arms and legs ... hi honey '' your dad says you stand there frozen ... . all you can think about is seeing that huge cock of his throbbing inside of her pussy and all that cum !
have you read the sidebar and rules http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/rules ?
if gaming what kind of performance are you looking for ?
ireland but most parts are being ordered from the uk
post a draft of your potential build here specific parts please .
http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/pcpp do n't ask to be spoonfed a build read the rules !
pcpartpicker part list https uk.pcpartpicker.com/list/g7slhq price breakdown by merchant https uk.pcpartpicker.com/list/g7slhq/by_merchant
note you do not have to follow this format but please be sure to answer these questions .
please do not ask to simply be given a build .
i 'm trying to estimate 4 parameters with the generalized method of moment estimation in r using the package gmm .
my distribution is a tempered version of the positive linnik .
t0 c lam 50 del 10 the 0.3 gam 0.6
print res gmm g2 it0 t0 it0 is my dataset
model order 1 singularities in the computation of the projection matrix results are only valid up to model order 0
i really want to wear make up it boosts my self confidence .
but everything i have tried so far has made my face break out !
i know the holidays can be a difficult period for some people or they could be something you really look forward to !
i for one am feeling like i am being forced into isolation what with school closing and having no plans to spend time with my abusive family ... .just me myself and depression !
but i digress how are y'all feeling about holidays ?
i 'm currently on my last unit in my trigonometry course and i have three questions to finish before i can move on to vectors .
i pretty much do n't know how to do any of the questions .
for part a i included my sketch of the graph but i 'm not sure where to start .
since it says before the wheel starts you are at the very bottom '' my best guess is at 0 .
start at zero go to 40m then back down to 60 then up to 40m and back to 120 ?
is anyone on ps4 also having this problem where the game decides to just freeze and then boot you out to the blue screen that says there was a problem with the application ? ''
i have n't updated and based on what i 'm reading i do n't want to .
i 've played dnd a couple of times with our city friends but we husband and i live out in the boonies .
there is no way to put together a regular group but would absolutely love one !
is it even possible to play it online with people like over skype ?
sup been playing for ages and am in a guild thats barley active i am looking to see if theres anyone out there that wants to pair up for mayhem as i have found leveling/mapping as a duo better than solo and way better than 3 parties .
im fast but not racer fast turmoil i got to 90 in 22hrs played was in maps day one .
i 'll be playing all day sat n sunday then roughly 4hrs from 7pm-11pm syd time .
i 'll be running a dual obliteration ascendant using kb so i 'll clear fast af and will be happy to share any loot that i can not use .
hey guys i bought this cod on pc for the first time and as of today 23rd nov the peak was 30,207 .
i have been searching everywhere and i ca n't find any stats on other platforms .
i was wondering if anyone had numbers of how this game is performing on the consoles ?
i remember from cod4 until early days of aw the numbers on xbox 360 and xbox one were around 100,000 .
is cod just dead or is it just not very popular on pc ?
hey all i was wondering about how the matchup works out between midrange decks like jund abzan and gds against coco decks of the baby and abzan variety .
i really like the midrange playstyle but my meta is filled with coco decks and want to know what to expect .
she 's loyal af and it 's really refreshing to see .
i 've been saving up to buy jesus and i finally have enough but i think the market is going to crash with all the packs that are going to be pulled during the lightning rounds this weekend .
i should wait till after the lightning rounds to buy jesus/other players right ?
over time after i came out as trans i am beginning to not like using the term transgender .
to me it just serves as a reminder of my birth gender and just feels like a permanent indication of that .
when i finally start hormones and hopefully pass full time i want to start saying i 'm a girl and not remind people of my past .
but still presently if people ask me if i would like to hang out with other trans people who share similar experiences i am most likely to decline .
is this by any chance transphobia or is it perfectly fine ?
okay edit i do n't mean to completely disregard other trans people i just dont meet them specifically to discuss such issues .
i have two questions about the thanksgiving discount for employees
if i am scheduled 8 hours on thursday 3pm-12am but i take say a two hour lunch or even a three hour lunch to kill ot will i still be eligible for the discount ?
i clock in at 3pm and clock out at 12am but only work 6ish hours .
how will that affect the requirements for the discount ?
and alternatively if i cut the ot by leaving early say at 9pm will it make me ineligible for the discount ?
can i use the discount on an item that i ordered on walmart.com but selected as a pickup at store '' item ?
so if the item i want is only available on walmart.com but i order it today and then pick it up at my local walmart on the day of the discount november 30th-december 1st will that work or not ?
anyone could recommend good bb/cc creams without that white/gray cast that generally does n't compliment our non-asian skins ?
i personally can name only 2 out of my collection erborian cc and it 's skin prestige creme d ' escargot bb .
please guys come up with with suggestions because i do n't want to go back to the overrated western products .
my girlfriend and i have been together for about 5 months and at the start of our relationship things were relatively great .
i guess we were within the honeymoon phase . ''
as we are both high school seniors inundated by the stress of the college application process things between us have died down and she has grown rather distant mean and cold with me .
i brought this up to her today in-person and she told me that she 'd talk to me about it later because she had to attend her sister 's party .
so i texted her my concerns regarding this loss of intimacy over text and here is what she responded to me with
i actually do love you ❤️ and it is really hard to believe when i 've been acting really mean but to be very honest i just do n't think that we click anymore ...
i tell you to do one thing and you do n't want to .
for example i told you to take off those glasses that you know i hate so much and you 're like no .
that just bothers me so much cause i hate the way that you look in them .
and it puts me in such a bad mood because i hate the way that you look with those glasses because you do n't listen to me .
i know it sounds so small but small things like that trigger me .
i told you to take off your jacket because you look really weird with it on and you did n't listen to me you were just like but why and the whole reason is because i hate the way you look in it .
you did n't look like that in the summer .
when you do n't listen time i get so mad .
and i know it 's the same shit everyday so i 'm just so angry at you .
i 'm sorry if you find this petty but it really does trigger me . ''
the past too days we have been seeing stellar sit comfortably around .46 .47 sat are we witnessing forced breaks of resistance at the moment ?
today its been sitting around .49 .50 i remember seeing a different market do this the same can someone explain what 's actually happening ?
le on peut aussi manger au kelly 's burgers salades planches de charcuterie tapas ... des personnes le font d'ailleurs systématiquement
kelly 's is an irish pub by the saône that does a trivia night every monday night .
sometimes it 's general knowledge sometimes there 's a theme tv shows pirates sex the 80s ... and the questions range from movies to world flags to animals to geography to beer to statistics to pretty much anything there 's also always a blind test round where you identify songs — sometimes thematically-related sometimes a total mixed bag .
we people from r/lyon typically get there between 6:30 and 7pm team sign-ups end at 8:30 and the actual quiz goes from 9 to 10:30 .
some people leave right afterward some people hang around for another beer or few so come whenever you want and leave whenever you want it 's super chill .
it 's 1 euro to participate in the quiz but if your team places well you get booze ! ! !
rounds of shots for your team rounds of beers for your team or if you place first a big ol ' voucher to buy whatever booze your team desires .
kelly 's has very tasty burgers wraps sandwiches salads and other stuff — a number of us usually get dinner there .
i should 've asked this in my original post but i forgot to 03 ' xs
did anyone who has had the head and valve gaskets replaced plus heads shaved down notice any marginal increase in power ?
obviously i 'm not expecting a ton of increase but i figured it would be noticeable if you are restoring pressure and combustion to the system .
i last played forza on the original xbox long time ago..
been comparing this game with nfs payback and forza look like a better game but i was wondering if the online community is still active for horizon since i prefer street racing .
edit so i just tried the demo for horizon and my card gtx550ti was unable to support directx12 ... i can however play it thou with low setting but before i purchase the full game can my gpu run the full game on directx11 ?
was wondering what you all thought about kenny g being a possible boom player tomorrow .
the vikings have a good secondary but with tate and marvin jones drawing most of the defensive coverage does this open it up for golladay to have a big day ?
he started the year hot and looks like a prime big-bodied red zone target for stafford .
his snap and target counts have trended up since coming back from injury as well .
i have n't pulled a single pass yet but i 'm not give up on it though p. does anyone k ow the drop rate for these things are ?
i 'm just getting a feeling it has a 0.5 drop rate considering how i have n't even pulled a single orange yet .
edit still nothin after like 4 fever cranks and it 's kinda sad that i was able to pull a second unikiren from the crank before a single pass . .
got 245k pure offer but i missed it http prntscr.com/h3sbg4
can accept items but if you pay with items you have to overpay a lil bit more
can you take the pre-calculus class as a gpa booster ?
last night my partner and i visited cineworld in sheffield .
the centertainment carpark is infamous for being full and alas we could n't find a space even after driving around for about 30 mins .
eventually we decided to park up in the meadowhall retail park opposite .
it was gone 8pm so the shops had closed and the car park practically empty .
the film did n't start until 9:20pm so we simply got our tickets and waited around in the cinema having a coffee etc .
films ends and we get out about 11:30pm and drive off home .
around 2 days later i receive a parking fine for £95 for overstaying the 180 minute limit .
now if i am hoenst i did see the sign but figured that surely because the centertainment car park is full i can surely just park here ?
is this one of those parking fines i can simply ignore ?
is it worth calling the company issuing the fine to explain the situation about the cinema ?
i had my c and p exam on 15 nov. today i looked at my bank account to see a deposit from vacp treas 310 xxva benef '' .
i feel like a week is way too soon to receive this .
i ets 1 sept and filed my claim through the local vso .
just want to see if this has happened to anyone else out there .
need info on traveling to revelstoke for the first time ?
for new and experienced snowboarders with any questions at all about snowboarding including gear learning what to wear where to go what terminplogy is rad etc .
please ask questions in this thread and let the r/snowboarding community help out .
this is meant as a judgement-free and welcoming environment for noobs to ask any kind of question related to snowboarding no matter how dumb it may seem .
everything you thought of is wrong the only real right answer
waching all the rock and merty seasons that are released till this day youre traveling !
if you have not already download the rock band app on your mobile device .
must have tool for and player in a crew .
the app is free for everyone to download and offers value to all rock band 4 players even those who have n't upgraded to rivals quite yet .
you 'll need to link up your xbox gamertag or playstation network id in order to use the rock band companion app .
once you 're linked all of your rock band gameplay information will be displayed in the app including a detailed set of rivals-specific gameplay stats .
primarily rock band companion duplicates all of the following rivals information found in the game
weekly challenge data do n't be caught without your spotlight song scores crew xp rivals points and tier placement information both during and after each weekly challenge .
crew moderation in the rock band companion you can create join and leave crews .
you can invite and kick people from crews as well compare your crew to other crews and check out their progress roster and other juicy details .
you can also check out your crew and personal badges .
activity feed information found in your activity feed in-game is duplicated in the rock band companion app .
if you are playing rivals this will display a rich list of all the recent activity from your crew .
the app can send push notifications to your mobile device as well .
our developers went a little crazy with the notification options so you can really control what you want to know about rivals on your phone including turning them off entirely that 's cool ... we get it ... you do n't want that annoying notification sound playing during your important work meeting .
if you need to know that the weekly challenge is ending soon or that one of your crew members just told you to step it up or if ... well you get the idea .
we also added some features that are only available within the app .
the biggest one is crew chat a private crew-only chat room where you can strategize with your crew trash talk other crews or just chat about the latest episode of westworld .
but the app is n't useful only for people who have purchased the expansion .
you can also check out your player profile with all the same stats that are available in game disc song scores gold star songs song plays skill etc .
plus you can compare your profile to any other player .
the player profile and activity feed will be available to everyone who has played rock band .
the rivals-specific features will be useful if you 've got a hand in rivals .
rock band companion will be free for everyone to download and most useful for rivals players .
the gift exchange will close in less than 24 hours ! !
if you are interested in signing up you still have time ! !
the following post by throwaway82938218302 is being replicated because some comments within the post but not the post itself have been silently removed .
the original post can be found in censored form at this link
sorry this btc withdrawal can not be completed at this time .
we have disabled digital asset withdrawals for high notional balance users .
please contact support gemini.com to re-enable digital asset withdrawals .
i know sounds dumb but i kind of like to do it via outside the browser even in a of course masked browser application .
the reason i want it this way is because i still want to do live editing .
i assume things like word etc would not be able to give me that google docs in browser live experience .
but i also want a dedicated window/program in a sense for it since i use it none stop but browser windows for me get messy .
idk if this shoulda been a headshot or not https youtu.be/m28j3ahza_i
edit for context the switch version is on sale on amazon
sun labs is well regarded as a maker of form moisturizers its target is to fabricate great items that are easy to understand .
sun lab is a parkway of recommendable figure creams that are exceptional and bounty in the business .
there are different sorts of moisturizers that the research centers produce .
dark sensation tanning lotion is around the numerous items .
proceeded introduction to the climate causes the skin to get got dried out .
a sound skin may as well have a certain measure of dampness .
you have the ability to guarantee your skin is legitimately saturated by utilizing sun lab ultra tan salve .
it gives the skin indispensable sustenance to guarantee it remains sound .
an overall sustained skin has the ability to withstand illnesses and has enhanced versatility .
individuals of both sexes invest time in the sun throughout summer to have a tan .
there are not kidding issues connected with proceeded introduction to the sun .
all these issues might be kept away from by tanning utilizing sun labs ultra tan .
the salve could be utilized with no issues particularly when the directions of utilization are held fast to .
presentation to the uv beams of the sun has been faulted to cause skin malignancy .
the condition has extremely decimating consequences for the exploited person and is irreversible .
this could be kept away from if tanning is acquired by utilization of sun lab ultra tan rather than sun washing .
tanning in salons is additionally known to have negative symptoms .
there are different form salves in the business sector however this uncommon item does great in the business sector .
clients are generally crippled by things like symptoms that come as outcomes in the wake of utilizing wrong figure creams .
sun labs dark measurements not bring about any tainting rather it ensures the skin .
utilizing anyone moisturizer ought not be an issue or as such the client ought not strain in any method attempting to apply it .
sun labs ultra dark is exceptionally smooth and measurements not stays on your palms as you apply it on your skin .
it takes a quite brief time to become scarce and the there is no sparkling look on the skin .
sun labs ultra tan is perfect for utilization on any a piece of the figure .
it has an exceptionally average smell dissimilar to numerous different mixtures in the business sector .
sun lab tan is made utilizing parts that will have no destructive consequences for your physique .
it is not difficult to purchase the salve as there are a lot of merchants who bargain in the item .
assuming that you are new to sun labs items and might like additional data about them you can get more portions from the web .
the makers have a site that holds all the certainties about these moisturizers .
the items are promptly accessible in the business since you can make online buy or have it conveyed at your doorstep .
when you have any concerns in regards to the merchandise you can get in touch with sun labs for illumination .
you can rest guaranteed that your issues will be took care of in the most ideal way .
when you want more information about dark sensation tanning lotion https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ybdeqclkepq pay a visit to our web pages online today .
you can see details on a ultra dark self tanning lotion gallon https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=qtnwmqraekw right here .
when starting a multipayer game sometimes the sound is bugged ca n't hear nothing but the ambient music and annoucer voice .
after some multiplayer games it might come work again properly a fix to this is when i start playing situation first then quit the sound will go back to normal .
this is a thread for all questions related to injuries where you can ask specific questions to get specific answers .
please save injury related questions for the weekly injury thread .
this amazingly sexy script https www.reddit.com/r/gonewildaudio/comments/7dgrqx/script_offer_m4m_pay_attention_to_me_bfe_catching ? st=jabspfex sh=6badd1ed is by the lovely u/tarkustrooper
i planned on uploading on saturday but i just could n't find any time to record where i could actually be loud .
sorry the sexy times did n't last super long i always cum really fast when i play with my ass 3 here https soundgasm.net/u/lambentspark/m4m-pay-attention-to-me-bfe-oral-anal-lots-of-daddy-mentions-loud-moaning-begging it is !
comments and pm 's are always appreciated they make me feel all warm and fuzzy💕
got this on switch a few days ago just tried to enter the fort and every one attacks me .
i do n't have any bounties i do n't have any diseases .
i do n't have a whole lot of experience with higher level groups but for some reason i decided to run a higher level one-shot for a party of 3-5 13th level characters with one or two fairly powerful magic items each .
we 're playing 5th edition but general tips ideas and suggestions relevant to previous editions are fine too because i think they can be adapted .
general ideas and specific encounter suggestions are more than welcome .
how can i keep them on their toes during my one-shot ?
what kind of lesser encounters should i pepper them with to tax their resources and maybe get a feel of what they 're capable of ?
how should i scale my encounters if i have to account for more players ?
what kind of tactics or types of enemies best handle larger groups ?
i planned on including social encounters and skill challenges .
how do i make those meaningfully taxing to such a powerful group ?
i was hoping this might break up the combat a little bit .
how do i make a powerful and climatic final encounter ?
in the campaigns i 've played in a lot of the bosses i 've fought have this tendency to get slaughtered by the dice as a paladin unloads the highest level smite he can the wizard blasts away with the highest level spell possible and so on ending the largest threat in a single round .
recently got a switch and do n't know if i shoiuld get mario kart or doom ... what do u guys think
let me know which one is he most enjoyable in your opinion .
if there is a subreddit for this question other than this subreddit please re-direct me .
i do n't know if i 'm overthinking this .
the problem i 'm trying so solve is to take one stack of 3 decks and split it into smaller piles where the sum of each pile is 21 with card values as in blackjack .
the simple way to look at the problem is to order the stack of 156 cards in such a way so that card 0,1,2,3 all sum to 21 then card 4,5,6 all sum to 21 and so on .
nanoseconds is at least several years so something smarter is needed .
i have one randomization test i 'm using and after a few tries it can almost sort the deck in such an order but would anyone happen to know a better way to find such a deck ordering ?
so i recently lost a bunch of the rules inserts for several of the ap 's and expansions .
i know that ffg has them uploaded as pdf 's but those all have the narrative conclusions blacked out .
i contacted ffg and they were able to send me quite a few of the ones i lost which was awesome of them .
but there were still a few which i needed to complete the story and i was hoping someone would be willing to send me some scans or images of the rules inserts to help me out .
if anyone is willing to could you please pm me ?
or if you know of another source would you mind posting it ?
so chewbaccas groundslam can go through walls if you do the jump plus slam thing and can still kill and immobilize troops .
a tad bit op but finally gives chewie that edge he needed .
this thing is crazy in the palace in theed though .
first things first i am strictly a sub soooo any scenario involving me being a dom is out .
i 'm willing to play any and all male or femboy refs ya like !
i 've no limits and my favourite kinks include beastiality futa horse cock pet play and forced feminisation .
i 've googled for some tips on the mattel dcu figures for disassembly and customization and have come up empty handed .
just wondering if a hydroflask would be a good choice .
i have a router on my network and i want to be able to monitor traffic on my network how would i do that ?
i tried wireshark but i am not getting everything i might be doing something wrong .
he 's very aggravated and starts kicking items around the living room to take out the frustration .
during his rampage he kicks over a bottle and a genie pops out .
but there is a condition anything you get your wife gets double . ''
he paused for a few moments i 'd like a million dollars '' done '' he got a million his wife got 2 million .
i 'd like a cottage up on the mountain ''
so he got a cottage the wife got 2 .
i 'd like you to beat me half to death with it . ''
ps sorry if this is a rehash or repost i just got it off a customer and thought it was fairly good figured i 'd share it with you guys
i 've had the phone for a couple weeks now and have n't been able to get airdrop to work both between my mac and other iphones .
i 've tried reseting network settings but it did not fix the problem .
is this just a bug with 11.1.1 and 11.1.2 ?
daddy 💁‍♂️ sits down ⬇️ at the table and brings 🔙 the turkey 🦃
ive been holding on to my bch for about a week now and i made some profit .
do i hold on to it or is now the best time to trade sell ?
this post will be building off of my previous post of ryan hillegas your ambiguous testimony regarding november 3rd does n't smell right and it sure as heck ai n't my upper lip !
when you have important events happening during the initial moments of a missing person case it is even more important to make sure those happenings are presented factually and clearly so everyone can break down the events in question with their own minds and make up their minds as to whether it stinks or whether it 's peachy .
dispatch logs fill in the blanks for a lot of the ambiguous time frames that were presented in the caso/mtso police reports and at trial under oath .
law enforcement of all people are trained on how to properly testify .
it means if you do n't remember or ca n't recall then you are n't lying .
let 's take a look at the caso dispatch logs https imgur.com/a/14onq
please note that they have been redacted and marked up for easier reading
leslie lemieux is dispatched to teresas address but for some reason she goes to teresas parents house address and arrives around at 5:03pm
we know this because from leslie 's own reports she speaks to karen and tom halbach but speaks to scott by phone .
because we know that just down the street at 5:18pm ryan is on the phone with cingular illegally obtaining access to teresa 's cingular account .
leslie lemieux leaves teresa 's parents house at presumed 5:36pm not clear in logs and arrives at caso before 6pm .
please note that lemieux leaves at 5:36pm this is 12 minutes before first access is gained into teresa 's account and 13 minutes before the call records are printed out .
lemieux and wiegert both respond to teresa 's house and arrive at 6:21pm
link to leslie 's caso report showing her and wiegert responding to teresa 's house https imgur.com/a/toool
link to wiegert 's caso report showing him and leslie responding to teresa 's house https imgur.com/a/h3tnd
wiegert and lemieux are at teresa 's house until they both leave at 7:25pm
during their visit they were given the cell phone printout from 5:49pm
during their visit they were present when the cingular online account was accessed a second time at 7:18pm
please note that both the 5:48pm and the 7:18pm logins to teresa 's online cingular account were obtained illegally .
detective dedering is dispatched and en route to mtso at 7:25pm and arrives at mtso at 8pm one hour after his report says he arrived .
this one is important because this visit to mtso involves a phone call from andrew colborn track 2 checking on criminal history of george zipperer at the request of dedering .
link to dedering 's caso report showing information request on zipperer https imgur.com/cymov74
this call track 2 happened between the arrival of dedering at mtso 8pm and the following item in his report after the zipperer call 8:25pm link to dedering report showing following item https imgur.com/9obvxjw
you remember that the license plate call https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=4bqv3g2btc8 that colborn testified to making to verify information from wiegert was track 3 .
i mentioned to zellner a long time ago that the order of the calls on the audio cd were in chronological order .
she has since filed this in one of her briefs .
https imgur.com/jjq12ro we know track 3 comes after track 2 because of math .
colborn would n't need to verify any information if he was with officer dedering until 10:30pm until they finished visiting zipperer .
lynn the dipatch operator who answered the call worked the 2pm-10pm shift .
there is no way she would be answering the call until the following day 11/4 starting until at least 2pm link to lynn 's work schedule records via zellner https imgur.com/v5oi0q1
it is safe to conclude that colborns call did n't happen until at least 2pm on 11/4 .
this correlates with the affidavit of mr rahmlow when he mentions telling an mtso officer about the car on november 4th .
more information on the license plate call being on 11/4 entire text is relevant but highlighted for faster reading
why was teresa 's cingular online account accessed a second time at 7:18pm 7 minutes prior to law enforcement leaving teresa 's house at 7:25pm ?
what need did law enforcement have to access the account again if they already had the 5:49pm cellular printout that ryan and kelly obtained ?
does ryan 's 7:18 call to kelly and the simultaneous account access https imgur.com/a/2eoir have any correlation ?
remember he left prior law enforcement arriving as first contact with him is not until 11/4 in reports .
why did colborn lie on the stand about the phone call ?
undisputed chronological order of the mtso dispatch cd puts his phone call after his criminal history check on george zipperer that call happened between 8:00 8:30 pm
no reason to verify '' info caso gave him if he 's with a caso officer until 10:30pm on 11/3 .
his lies on the stand regarding this phone call is enough to impeach his entire testimony and the fact that he lies about this makes it more likely that he also lied about the bookcase shaking .
so i wanted to take an engineering class and i wanted to know if this class is any good could n't find much about and the description is pretty vague .
some teams do but i know the chargers did n't in san diego .
so the results have consistently come out on the 2nd friday of december for the past few years so it will most likely come out december 8th in 15 days .
does it come out on midnight or a certain hour ?
have you read the sidebar and rules http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/rules ?
basically want a computer that can run with a 1080p 144hz monitor comfortably and potentially stream .
if gaming what kind of performance are you looking for ?
post a draft of your potential build here specific parts please .
http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/pcpp do n't ask to be spoonfed a build read the rules !
pcpartpicker part list https pcpartpicker.com/list/346bbp price breakdown by merchant https pcpartpicker.com/list/346bbp/by_merchant
i 'm developing a pure html page while i 'm on tails .
when i tried to test it on tor browser i got a error
curtis edwards östersunds fk right footed shot from the right side of the box to the bottom left corner .
51' icon-yellow curtis edwards östersunds fk is shown the yellow card for a bad foul .
53' icon-yellow oleksandr andrievsky zorya luhansk is shown the yellow card for a bad foul .
53' icon-yellow oleksandr karavayev zorya luhansk is shown the yellow card for a bad foul .
saman ghoddos östersunds fk right footed shot from outside the box to the bottom left corner .
79' icon-yellow ruslan babenko zorya luhansk is shown the yellow card for a bad foul .
82' icon-yellow oleksandr svatok zorya luhansk is shown the yellow card for a bad foul .
90'+2' icon-sub dennis widgren östersunds fk substitution at 92 '
i spent my adolescence playing wow nonstop and now years later i still experience extreme cravings to play online games .
sometimes i think i have a handle on my issue but every few months or so i relapse .
recently one of my favourite games ever has gone free to play making it incredibly easy to install steam download it and circumvent various obstacles i put in place .
my addiction is the worst it 's been in months .
i 'm part of something like a student charity fundraising group .
there 's really no limit to how much counterfactual donations we can raise in theory .
the more time we put in the more is raised .
last night i caved yet again and installed the aforementioned game and i played all night until 8 am when i finally uninstalled after losing an infuriating match .
i slept until 3 pm so another day down the drain .
i 'm making this post because right now i really really really want to download and play again .
we raise for charities who rigorously calculate how much lives or healthy years per dollar a donation saves using various metrics popular in development aid .
when i think about my gaming time i can somewhat estimate what good i could have done with that time .
i realise there 's a limit to how much time i can put into these projects besides other obligations but with gaming around i wo n't ever reach that limit .
it feels like i 'm literally playing instead of helping save a life .
i was a bit confused by some of the post-game information .
my friend was playing beast and i was red prince but at the end of my game it gave me two pieces of information that my buddy did n't get .
one was that the dwarf godwoken returned to the kingdom and was killed by a courtier .
the other was that beast became king and led the kingdom to an age of prosperity .
it sounded like the dwarf godwoken was supposed to be the end for the generic dwarf pc since beast got a separate ending .
was there a different dwarf godwoken i 've forgotten about ?
starting a new thread because previous thread got archived but check out the vouches here https www.reddit.com/r/repvouch/comments/67q4xs/umegamandope ? utm_content=title utm_medium=user utm_source=reddit utm_name=frontpage
therefore at the end of the short survey there is a small massage for everyone .
next week we 'll tell you how the others liked it .
it was n't unreasonable to suggest that the specific figure is irrelevant .
soak receipt in your favorite household sodium hydroxide solution of choice for a simple fix
then it would sum up for 700 at the very least
buy red skinned potatoes and tell them it 's intentional like at one of those fancy steakhouses .
i 've been looking at flickr for inspiration ... but lookslikefilm.com is amazing !
the entire internet is not a monopoly so that 's how ... currently different people own different parts of the infrastructure .
it took about four hours for the order to finally go through and the app even suggested that something was wrong with my referral code and i should take it off .
but i tried to place the order once again and it finally went through !
i was really close to going to best buy and forgoing the 25 as i 'm not that close to a walmart and do n't want to jump through any hoops in case i need to exchange the mini but paying 19 for this thing was too much to pass up .
not even the immediacy of having it this weekend was worth it .
anyone else trying to go through the website be patient .
is it me or eth bullruns on r/ethtrader the best place to get upvotes .
cause they want to do it right so you end up with more money for each lisk coin that you hold
i hope i 'd have made an impact on someone 's life in such a way that they would pay their respects by playing that song .
deferring you to 2:42 of this video https youtu.be/vvr3b01nxim ? t=162 just swap out the black '' with asian ''
i honestly did n't take it as a joke .
from my point of view the rebels are bad .
if you do n't deal damage every 10 mins or take damage you get booted .
how long does it take to prestige at a good artifacts value ?
around 4 hours i 'd say 3 if you use a clan crate mir
no description can fully encompass the mind-altering nature of this book .
the carol corps uni is n't even that good its better than the ms marvel one sure but nowhere near good enough for its rarity .
plus in all likelihood she will get a new uni either with this ultimates update or when her movie comes out or maybe for infinity war i heard she makes a brief appearance there
pretty sure it was hot '' in spanish and then poorly translated to sexy '' not 100 sure though
yes the problem is that if anyone here tried to vote through a proposal that 88 were against their political career would be over and they would be ridiculed by at least 88
i think we might be approaching the fabled final revolution that huxley spoke of where after that no further changes can happen because there is a total spam on all channels and discerning truth is impossible !
there are less people with your trust factor rating so the sample of people you can play seems more stretched in order to find games .
its similar to the old version when you play between 2-7am in your area i always found the ranks were pretty diverse
i had the same soul sesrching '' like a year back or so .
i have not finished yet but i think a good place to start are the practical fundamentals for a long term relationship .
this is very connected to my long term goals e.g what do i want in 3 5 10 15 years .
if you dont know what you want it is hard to define fundamentals in a relationship .
children i am certain i want children most likely 2 .
so any woman that do not want children or dont know '' i do not have time to date .
i am a little older than you so this really hit me a year or two .
because when you 25 i was yea yea i want children by mid 30s maybe but now that i m close to 30 i have to think about this while i had the luxury to not value this so high at 25 .
i want to live in my home country in my home town the capital but still .
i then can not date people who want to live abroad or in other cities .
normally i would say this one can be negociated but for me it cant .
work i would like someone who want to work and pull their share of thw financial burden .
however i am ok of and have a good job so we could live on one income .
religion this one i decided is not that important to me as i come from one of the least religious parts of the world .
anyhow i do not want to raise my children religious but honestly if i found the perfect partner i would not go balistic if she wanted them raised with x values within reason .
after making the mistake of being together with women i thought were good looking but that i did not really desired i have arrived to the conclusion i need to be attracted more than the ah she was beautifull .
i have this one as need now before i threated it as a want .
education i prefere a woman with a degree but as long as she work this one is more of a want .
i could go on but i would not only look at your latest relationship go as far back you can and try to identify why things went wrong .
e.g did you date the wrong girl to begin with .
meh i think the point of barrel dougie is to do only one hit but you use him in emergency situations
in the books tywin really gets shat on by the author
you have to start counting from the time the lane begins .
if you land a spell immediately as you arrive in lane you can proc scorch twice before hitting level 2 and then proc it a third time during your level 2 all-in .
it 's a substantial amount of damage added up over time if you use it efficiently .
i mean i get toxic over knife round when people waste time or throw the knife round .
based on words in your post this specific information may also be helpful
while you 're waiting for someone to answer check out these resources
quick start guide an easy way to get started with weight loss https www.reddit.com/r/loseit/wiki/quick_start_guide .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/loseit if you have any questions or concerns .
first one i read about mark twain and huckleberry finn puts jim as being a father figure for huck .
cheating on pc is pretty bad from what i 've heard .
as a console player i am blessed when it comes to cheaters..
what you 're really asking for is an explanation of how spending a load of money that we do n't have on things that wo n't make a return and racking up a load of debt in the process is damaging to a country .
i suggest an online economics course at very minimum to fill the gaps in your knowledge .
you have elegantly used 5 lines to describe the whole problem .
blockchain is just being used by cbn as a buzzword and people lap it up .
til never seen that in the years i´ve played that game .
you can only split in between 2 lanes going the same direction
you 're not going to be honest with yourself that you 'll never be perfect or that you 'll always make mistakes ?
or that people who claim to be good people often are n't ?
once you sign back in via console it works fine again
onaj tko je c/p objavu odavde to će moći napraviti i dalje .
isto tako ako se zabrani jedan portal zašto zašto se ne zabrani i neki drugi .
bez obzira koliko index imao loš sadržaj dnevno.hr je i dalje nemjerljivo gori po svim kriterijima pa da i njega zabranimo .
po meni nije problem što su prenjeli nešto s r/croatia ni to što za isto nisu tražili nikakvo odobrenje nego što je članak smeće bez da su se imalo potrudili oko prenošenja sadržaja .
možda bi trebali modovi napraviti neko otvoreno pismo indexu di se traži isprika za loše/krivo preneseni sadržaj i gdje bi se definirale smjernice što i kako prenositi sadržaj sa r/croatia .
ok so im going to answer your questions 1 by 1 op .
also am i missing something here but why the fuck is the annihilator doing less damage per rocket than option with dumb fire hawk or crow for example .
it dedicated lock on ... . you cant fire it at mans ... .
it should do more damage to locked targets than the dumb fire options and or have a longer lock range ! ?
i know it has slightly faster reload but that is irrelevant when most targets are fast enough to just move out of range once the lock starts ... .
you should try enabling direct play so kodi will handle the playback of the files directly .
this is the setup i use and it really is a combination of the best of two worlds the library from plex and the playback from kodi .
is an it harm none do what ye will '' really that difficult a concept ?
no problems at all for me i use the kindle app
it would be really hard to say without seeing the specific razor in question .
as for a baseline a user grade double ring gillette would be worth around 300ish .
if it had the original case blade banks instruction manual etc .
in that case it 's just shoddy work then .
how on earth can you apply a formula week in week out that lists akpom as one of the most likely scorers and conclude that is at all an accurate or useful or informative formula at all ?
i do n't think so some people just do n't like to click news links or have used up their free it articles for the week .
what keyboard is that closest to you and where do i cop it ?
it looks cool shame you ca n't use it at the moment ...
1060 3gb or 6 gb its your best move .
just do n't be like me i 'm on an fx-8350 it 's not the best for poe running a 1060 and solo performance wise its enough .
i do n't party that much so your good to go with your cpu .
think if you went to work at a job for the same amount of hours you could probably have multiple 100/100/100 pets by now
liquor ca n't be sold at stores here in texas from 9pm to 9am .
this is why you avoid all the grass at the beginning .
you literally only need to encounter one scripted pokémon before you can get poké balls .
especially since my grandma with worsening dementia said the exact thing to me this easter .
everyone was the plan to always assault raishan after the thordak battle ?
is that why it took scanlan so long to use the flute ?
he puts the horn back down carefully balancing it .
i think i once got drunk just by smellin ' somebody else 's snakebite . ''
heat-fs have been nerfed to hell you ca n't ammo rack for shit any longer .
there 's a small mistake on the first line that made my subs go bananas ...
continues to squirrel away for mega bait 8 and xmas
well if the show could n't keep you watching i suppose there 's not much to do but it most certainly does address your issues with it .
that said i think a lot of the fans especially those who prefer the first season are edgelords who look to the show to confirm their views but that does n't stop me from enjoying a show that is in my opinion very well written and thought out .
those are my 2 cents as someone who loves this show to bits .
the good thing about snow is it slows everyone down so while there are more accidents by volume they are generally less fatal .
ice can be super deadly because a lot of the times cars are driving full speed and hit a patch of ice leading to disastrous results .
do we need to talk about how you 're ruining roasting ?
i think i 've lost the inability to develop romantic love for anyone
show me a single family member who says we should n't be debunking 911 conspiracy theories .
that 's because you 're whole take on this is fubar .
of course they support debunking conspiracy theorists like yourself .
th 's family and 911 families are on the side of debunking your nonsense through n through d
except for all those multiplayer games where it is possible ech ?
if this applied to storm bolters that would potentially be really good .
i agree with ya but thanks for the input bro !
the point of iphone se was that it is a cheaper phone .
the point of iphone x is that it was ultra-premium .
from the product 's standpoint they ca n't really be combined even if it would be physically possible .
i can enjoy the burger a bit without enjoying it to the maximum .
i prefer the rare treat of getting it exactly the way i want it then the hassle of someone just getting by on their job .
that being said do n't think i did n't notice you mention being polite which is the only way i or anyone should really treat food workers .
at the end of the day they 've got a mostly thankless job for really abhorrent pay .
i read something about cognitive ease and strain and that creativity flows with ease .
it probably explains it for me too i love listening to music i 've listened to a thousand times before .
the knowledge how the music sounds and how it changes will sort of bore me in a way inducing cognitive ease and that nurtures creativity .
i think it was thinking fast and slow by daniel kahneman .
i mostly enjoy relaxed soloing so being able to do that for my new weapon would be nice .
still not sure throwing more money at eq2 is the best use of my gaming money but that 's a different problem .
the explosion was detected by us sensors and by international agencies responsible for the detection of nuclear explosions around the world
it implies steve is godly or one of the ways people would interpret jesus
so i guess i should demand to be referred to as german irish english american .
you 're right the whole thing is so damn ridiculous .
i 'm sorry but sly marbo is the kind of guy that literally kills death for amusement .
for me as an only child whose parents have passed and not having any children of my own ... it 's not fear that i feel ... it 's holy shit i am completely unsupervised in the world !
ca n't have relationships or hit on coworkers or else it 's sexual harassment ...
lots of controversial design choices from his tenure as chief designer .
you do realize there are people who pretty much have n't heard of christianity at all right ?
i had the same exact thoughts back in 2011-2012 i was downright convinced of it .
to make matters worse my grandmother has it so the family history is there .
i was so sure of it that i had given up all hope .
then here in 2017 i am still mostly sane haha .
anxiety during its highest peaks can cause some intense derealization which for the hypochondriac means that something else must be wrong .
getting stuck in this mental loop of anxiety derealization even more anxiety can be torment .
but you 're definitely not the first person to go down that train of thought and you will not be the last .
i know it 's not reassuring to hear all the time but as a hypochondriac myself it 's all just anxiety .
it 's fortunately or unfortunately depending on how you feel about it a completely different problem .
3 months of grinding for nothing sounds worse than mmo to me .
that would make some sense but i 'm not talking about hookups .
i posted this on r/cfb where a thread was asking what are you thankful for since most tennessee fans do n't go over there anymore i wanted to cross-post here for you guys too .
we 're a testy bunch a lot of people find us to be pretentious arrogant obnoxious idiotic and just about every other adjective negative and positive you can think of .
but the one word i would use for the fans this season is resilient .
we 've been the butt of every meme and joke imaginable and r/ockytop has embraced them .
we 've been rightfully taunted and made fun of but we 've done everything we can think of to 'embrace the joke ' .
we painted our sub with george constanza for god 's sake !
and now we 've gone whole-hog into grumors mode !
i genuinely think if there was a ranking system that our sub would be one of the best if not the very best cfb team sub of the 2017 year .
in the absence of a quality team in the absence of quality leadership in the absence of any real hope the vol fans have come together to entertain ourselves the best we can .
we 've come together to laugh at ourselves as much as anyone could be expected .
the new hire may very well split everyone up again but for a few months the tennessee fans have been as close as i can ever remember .
i honestly do n't know what i 'd do without them .
r/cfb got so toxic for anyone with a tennessee flair that almost all of us had to abandon it and in response tennessee fans lived up to our favorite song
and i 'm thankfully for all the fans that make that true .
from the bottom of my heart y'all 're awesome .
i spend way to much of my free-time on reddit and when r/cfb became unbearable r/ockytop picked up the slack in spades .
you 're only saving one character by eliminating the i and it is much less readable .
i could also see myself using this library and being frustrated by the number of times that the build fails because i typed printspot instead of prntspot .
this is fine but it would be much more c++ish if you could do std cout printer .
you can do that by creating a global function that overloads the operator with a left operand of type std ostream and a right operand of const prntspot .
there are needless copies being made here when you pass in the string argument .
traditionally you would instead do void set_left_buffer const std string to pass a reference to the string instead of a copy .
things are muddled a bit with c++11 's new move semantics but i do n't believe that they will help here if your function is called with an l-value .
maybe someone with more c++11 experience can correct me if i 'm wrong about that .
you can see more about the differences between passing references and copies here http www.cplusplus.com/articles/z6vu7k9e .
in c you use macros only as a last resort .
in this case you 'd want to use constants or an enumerator http www.cplusplus.com/doc/tutorial/other_data_types enumerated_types
functions that do not change the state of the object should be declared const .
the reason is that if you have a const handle to the object for example const prntspot myprntspot then you can only call methods that are explicitly declared const .
if there is a method that does n't change the state of the object but just reads it it makes sense that you should be able to call it even on a constant instance .
you can read about const methods here https stackoverflow.com/questions/751681/meaning-of-const-last-in-a-c-method-declaration .
in modern c smart pointers https www.codeproject.com/articles/541067/cplusplus-smart-pointers are preferred over raw pointers because they make it harder to forget to include a delete operation along a particular control path and leak memory .
in the case that there is only ever one object that owns '' a pointer it makes sense to use std unique_ptr like this std unique_ptr bufferch first_ch .
you can read about smart pointers here https stackoverflow.com/questions/106508/what-is-a-smart-pointer-and-when-should-i-use-one .
looks like these all were reversed and in many cases penalties all before 2015 so it seemed the system was working then .
ps those are small fry 'blocks ' compared to google facebook and their monopolies you know the companies putting millions in to stop nn from ending .
but we did n't have the fancy cover or benches .
that 's how my lips always look i 'm not wearing lip liner thanks .
your comment has been removed for the following reason s
are you talking about the prompt to the end user of hey there 's a new version of java out .
that 's a setting you can put in the deployment.properties file .
none of my end users see the prompt to update .
poke to take note of the posts edit that i forgot
oh it says bought xx 15 hours ago '' instead of the usual 5 mins ago '' now that i look closer
they set up an appointment with a clinic for a medical test which i presume was also a drug test .
in the end i turned down the job offer because the pay and conditions were shite .
yeah i almost think nvidia is slow playing the update this time .
i would n't be surprised if they just do n't release it .
characters having witty exchanges a few guns a few fistfights extremely likeable and hateable characters and a great ending that draws all the mini storylines together .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your question has been removed as it looks like you 're needing assistance of some sort which violates askreddit 's rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2
any post with personal pronouns i my mine will not be approved .
otherwise if these do n't fit your needs check out the multireddits in our sidebar http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/about/sidebar which cover almost every topic imaginable thanks !
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=help related post review request message=my post was removed for being help related please review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/7f0g25/serious_what_degreesexperience_should_i_have_to .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
and how do we make room to grow more crops ?
biofuels have the potential to really fuck us up as a species .
men seem to fall for sansa and want to protect her .
it makes sense that lothor might fall for her while protecting her .
it would be interesting if he turned into a double agent for sansa .
no there 's no cap in lb up rate .
ca n't believe they have a subreddit for their insider trading !
i highly doubt the richest person alive is not in the states .
i 'm just clarifying that those are not the four assumptions they are just four assumptions that your particular book decided to use .
i assume you mean diminishing marginal rate of substitution .
he probably wants you to draw some indifference curves representing preferences satisfying the assumptions .
for instance transitivity and 'more is better ' ensures that your curves never intersect .
diminishing marginal rate of substitution ensures that they are at least not outward bending depending on how the assumption is defined .
'more is better ' ensures that they are downward-sloping .
if you go to the binance site and scroll to the bottom you 'll see a link for fees .
it 's when you transfer from quadriga to binanace that you pay higher fees because the former charges to transfer out .
you do n't have to share snacks you do n't have the person next to you asking what just happened or what 's about to happen .
you 're sitting in a dark room staring at a screen for about two hours why do you need to do that with other people ?
yeah i do n't know about the clothing as i have n't done any hiking recently i have done some long trail runs but that 's a totally different outfit ! .
looks like you 've already got some helpful responses on that .
do you need a ground sheet of some description for the tent ?
i notice as well you do n't have any hygiene gear on there .
you might at least want a toothbrush halved of course !
this is the lightest deodorant i could find salt of the earth natural deodorant unscented travel spray 20ml https www.amazon.co.uk/dp/b00dqry104/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_e0ufabpcj42d8 it does n't have a fragrance but seems to reduce body odour .
given that it 's likely everything will get wet and or muddy i 'd take a few more disposable cloths e.g .
something like this 5g each as i remember hrph 50pcs/lot mini portable face care compressed towel for outdoor travel health sports magic towel https www.amazon.co.uk/dp/b01kutsfjs/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_gxufabap50mg9
estou dizendo que querer calar as vozes que dizem que fulano é negro '' e ciclano é branco '' é reacionário .
it is my first but i am planning on putting all 250 lbs of me on/in and testing this .
no way i 'm putting my baby in there if i do n't trust it .
stafford playing backyard football but his teammates are n't having it .
i dont know what is the point comparing life leech and damage avoidance because you never build avoidance without life/leech/damage .
the point is you just do n't build it at all .
i dont know what you are thinking about of my builds but all of the options have 5.5k hp good damage 800k against shaper and leech capped at maximum rate
then do n't bother investing in anything else besides more hp and damage .
investment in 'defense ' is just going to lower your actual survivability .
if still feel you need it get more life get more damage or get good start manually dodgeing everything or just avoid playing some content .
if a build ca n't get any more of those then its max and you should look for a different build if you are unsatisfied with its 'defense '
morris could just as easily be back in the picture if he has a good mls season in 2018 .
i agree based off a mix of injuries and lack of production in mls this year he does not deserve a call-up .
however as evidenced by the pool above a good year where morris looks more like 2016 morris than 2017 i think he is back in conversation for the usmnt .
all i can hear is jack nicholson in the back seat saying noodle salad ! '
damn ... i have a dreamcast but no idea where my copy of this game is ... .
he 'd be writing laws the completely go against the charter of rights ?
seems like a pretty stupid move to me maybe you can elaborate ?
best at pvp depends entirely on pocket healer or not otherwise warrior pvp consists of 1 minute polymorphs .
if the scaling is nerfed baseline would need to go up .
well they needed one main tank druids were supposed to be jack of all trades .
that leaves shaman warrior paladin shamans being caster-oriented means paladins ca n't be the optimal tank cause horde would be butt probed
atm actually there used to be a company called tyme that was regional to the midwest it was bought out i think in 04 is what i could get from google but that 's how they got it 's name .
i mean fuck all of those innocent people died for nothing .
while this dude shits all over democracy doesnt give a fuck about the public and is straight up fucking liar .
hes being paid so fucking much for this shit .
what you say is contrary to what the cops said not the guards idc about what they say .
get a fucking first down for the love of god
the lions look like it was a short week .
i 'm spending time with a lot of family and friends and eating tons of food .
i like to stop browsing reddit on a good note like this
i do n't think they 'd be able to demolish such a beautifully historic feature today
chad astolfo because of an earlier join time to do thieving things
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech and other incivility violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politicalvideo if you have any questions or concerns .
remember in 2011 when we were coming off a win at fsu for the first time ever ?
they were just trying to get our hopes up again .
you all win win by 3tds at least again .
tbh you 've left it far too long to look at doing anything about it i 'm afraid .
probably lpl and definitely lms.just because they wo n't win worlds tsm and liquid wo n't either does n't change the statement .
i just got my custom built one from klark kable last week to go with my pok3r race board and it 's really stinking nice .
i just do n't know if i can bring myself to pay that much money for a usb cable again .
i thought gilly pronounced it wrong ... .it 's not ray-gar ?
there is no photographic evidence of franken molesting anyone .
yes he 'd just finished a long minecraft stent before pixel gun .
i tried getting him into the new animal crossing game but i do n't think there 's enough action for his taste .
mida is the worst at getting killed behind cover.. no matter what you think it will always track you and kill you behind cover .
and how we float down.. it 's like you ca n't cancel a jump anymore
last year for me too barely above honors grades and just trying to hold on .
my prof said ai n't no trying just doing so let 's do it and ball out this year .
i wish that you would understand that no one here would ever purposely use a racial slur .
instead of being hostile you could just educate people .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/emojipasta if you have any questions or concerns .
definitely get it but wait for the christmas sale if you 're not in the best financial situation quite yet .
sure if they did n't actually bother to balance it ... .
if they did bother to balance it then it would be balanced .
because these chairs cost about 3000 each for the most basic model more if you want more features like cupholder .
furniture from us companies especially institutional furniture is way over priced right now .
another user pointed out to me that the reason they can do that is because it 's much harder to get licensed over there .
fewer shitty drivers on the road and look what you can accomplish
it physically hurt me that you took a picture of the monitor with your phone instead of screenshotting .
using regular flour '' i 've had tremendous success with the no kneed dough '' receipt from bittman/ny times .
i did mix some whole wheat with it and my fam .
every day i see my big bags of einkorn and think that i need to get baking !
wich means you need for both toons 530 shards .
for 530 shards you need assuming a droprate of 30 28.266 cantina energy .
with 3 refreshes on the double drop days you have so to say 2.100 energy 1050x2 .
assuming rey event comes around 15.12. and it last 7 days then you have 27 days to 7 star both .
so you need daily 969 energy or 7 refreshes so have fun with that p
you 're hella brave for standing up for yourself like that thank you for sharing your story with us !
he was in the front a lot in the early days of puscifer .
in fact when they would close with the humbling river .
it would be him and carina front and center with the band sitting around them in lawn chairs .
if i can somehow stop playing stronghold on repeat i 'll check them out .
i slowly crawled out from underneath the bus and checked my surroundings .
i needed to find out what happened to the rest of the humans and that seems like the only place .
i heard a muffled crash coming from my apartment .
we had one fucking job and you had to fuck it up ! screamed a muffled jarvis .
you did n't have to sleep in too ! jarvis retorted .
i decided i should n't overstay my welcome and ducked off the street into an alleyway .
i needed to find a way to that damn meeting .
suddenly the beating of flapping wings took over the sky above me .
i do say grizwald that was a rather good breakfast i heard from above .
it ' nice to be able to snack on bread without the interference of those apes.
although i do wish we could have stayed longer emile another voice from above replied .
i guess their voices sound familiar enough that my mind was able to pick them out of the jabber .
but how will i keep up and stay out of their eyesight ?
there 's a reason it 's called birdseye view .
i began searching my alleyway for some sort of cover .
no my solid snake impression would be too obvious .
that would be way too noisy let alone far too heavy for my meager strength .
a voice came from the street ... would you lay of jarvis ?
i get i fucked up ! well that answers the question of how much longer i had before those two came around .
oh i do n't think you do tilson ! hissed jarvis .
if we do n't either report his death or bring him in we 'll be outcast !
fine but you 're explaining why we had to bring him in alive jarvis muttered .
this could be my ticket into the mee—no no .
i 've played way too many video games to think that this will work in my favour .
they 're probably going to kill me in a spectacular way that gives me the chance to perform a james bond-esque escape .
i needed a legit plan and i needed it now .
hello ? came a feeble voice from farther into the alley .
my body relaxed but my heart kept beating faster than any round of pubg could ever cause .
i can hear you breathing you 're not very quiet said the voice .
well shit of course you can hear me breathing .
well that 's awfully vague and in no way comforting .
i mean i did ask you if you were a human too the voice said sarcastically emphasizing the word too .
considering how absolutely fucked this morning has been i 'm not too inclined to rely on logic anymore i said finally turning around .
i could n't see the face behind the voice only a silhouette in the shadows .
the voice was less hushed than before it sounded human .
we should get moving before those two dumb ass geckos make their rounds it almost sounded like a she .
those are my best friends ! i found myself saying .
they did n't seem to friendly earlier when they were talking about killing you.
it was an instinct to defend them they were my only friends.
this is nether the time nor place for introductions and backstory .
as if on cue i began to hear the distant voices of tilson and jarvis .
they were coming this way and did n't sound so happy .
come on i know a place we can lay low about a block from here she said .
her silhouette beckoned me into the darkness with a wave of her hand .
i did n't know this person so my anxiety was flaring but hat other choice did i have ?
it was go with her or die to my geckos .
i got out from my hiding spot and quietly scurried over to the silhouette .
she put her finger up to her lips telling me to be quiet as she grabbed my arm and pulled me into the darkness .
she continued to pull me along in silence down this alleyway .
eventually we reached the other side and the sun began to illuminate our path .
she had shoulder length copper hair that was done up into a messy pony tail .
my anxiety did n't get much time to over-analyse this person i had just met before we reached the edge of the street .
carefully checking both ways for animals she turned to me .
my friend 's apartment is just across the street in that complex she said motioning to the building behind her .
she hated animals so it should be a safe place to hold up for a while at least.
do you think she made it ? i asked before my anxiety could stop me .
we 'll find out when we get there she replied quite hastily .
she checked the area one more time before sprinting across the street .
once she had reached the other side she turned and motioned for me to follow .
i looked both ways and took off across the street .
just as i reached the middle of the road i saw motion out of the corner of my eye .
i quickly dove underneath a stopped police car and looked over to my new friend .
she must have seen it to because she was no where to be seen .
was she that quick or am i losing my mind ?
i readjusted so i could take a better look at the source of my panic .
they did n't appear to have noticed me and my possibly imaginary friend .
they were just strutting down the street all talking and cheering .
their voices were posh and rather annoying if i 'm honest .
i guess i should be happy to be allergic to their fur .
my allergies are going to go haywire when they walk by .
i need to think of something fast lest i let my death come at the hands of a sneeze .
the panic quickly began to set in as the pack of felines inched ever closer .
i looked around me for anything to clog my nostrils something to hopefully keep the allergies at bay .
i was under a car what was i going to find ?
then it hit me like a brick wall i could just rip my sleeve !
i quickly proceeded to create a makeshift nose block with my left sleeve .
the time was now the herd of cats began to stroll by .
i heard them jumping onto the car beside me and saw their paws walk on by me .
i was fighting to hold back my allergies and mediate my breathing .
if that girl heard me breathing earlier than these cats would surely hear me now .
what felt like forever was only a few minutes .
soon the feline threat had passed but i decided to wait another couple of minutes before i dared to move again .
i checked the side of the road where the girl was before and saw her peek out from behind a large bush .
okay i 'm not insane that 's a win .
i slid out from under the cop car and stood up .
i pulled my sleeve out from my nose and looked back at the cop car .
i could see the standard issue shotgun in the backseat .
i looked around for something to break the window .
i turned to see her tossing me a rather large stone .
i turned back to the car and swung at the passenger side window with my new weapon .
i began to regret my decision mid swing as i remembered that this likely has an alarm .
my hand with the rock smashed clean through the window .
maybe whatever thee animals did to our electronics was affecting this car too .
i did n't feel like standing around contemplating what i do n't know for too long .
with the gun in hand i quickly finished crossing the road .
the name is zaria not stan she said climbing the fire escape .
hi zaria i 'm clark. i followed her up the escape and through a window into her friend 's apartment .
just about anything if you drop it on a carpet .
if you work them or are their boss no .
all the shit happening is chicks complaining about their prick bosses .
and they have reason to the guys were assholes .
this game has aged very well the graphics look like something from an indie game on steam .
your wife absolutely see 's that she just does n't want to tell you that she would rather be the cool parent than the responsible parent .
also where do paul 's parents think he is staying ?
because if they thought this was a guest room situation and then find out it was n't they might not be as cool about everything as your wife .
current playthrough has no constructors yet and the god damn woods always get in the way .
i do n't have flamers so it 's annoying like hell .
i 've been looking for a decent collection of bp though .
do you guys think it 's a good idea to buy a i7-7700k for 290 right now or should i go with something else ?
did you get a raw fw4 and hand-stain it ?
as a result of the cuts left without much of territory missions characters and development to the caesars legion in new vegas .
even as our teams worked to modernize and repair our launch complexes in florida so that we could reliably return to flight for our customers spacex invested 14 million into the south texas project said gleeson the company 's spokesman .
now with our launch construction projects in florida wrapping up by early 2018 spacex will be able to turn more attention to our work in south texas he said .
so assuming everything goes ok with remainder of launches this year from the cape including falcon heavy construction crew should transfer to boca chica and work flat out to make that end of 2018 deadline .
she was also polarizing because of her political affiliation and some of her policies
lol i was just wondering if i should start watching this .
but you are still paying for 50 keys and if you buy the keys for the 250 gold in nexus that gets really pricey .
the fame makes sense but the task seems a little ridiculous .
currently i do both lifts 3 times per week .
the biggest issue has been my many mobility issues which have been very slowly improving .
it does n't help that i do n't lift at a dedicated wl gym so ca n't drop weights .
car looks great but getting tired of these mega downforce giant diffuser gte changes .
wish that the regulations would go the other way and make the designs incorporate aero rather than tacking on these giant fins .
i 've added you and i 'll be in the plaza .
not something i would do but it shows someone 's using their noodle .
i try to sometimes stream creative and i think a lot of people go to channels they already follow through other social media sites .
in the 1st 6 minutes of the last 3 games we have yet to surpass 4 points
the average redditors grasp on what nn is lady 's and gentlemen .
shall we combine teams and sign dennis wideman and be the most hated team by the refs ?
yeah do n't really know what the hell the caption for this is lol
the struggle is real but the change will come .
i hope it 's going to go decriminalized medical recreational .
got ta get rid of those old farts from the government though .
we give that shit in a gift set to people on thanksgiving
from another comment here 's the last 2 nn votes
if you 'll go online i can tell you your third pokemon
this is another area where i run into problems when sbs want photos to prove i 'm real . ''
there are scammers putting photos on various revenge websites and then charging an extortion fee '' to take the photo down .
sds have every good reason not to share photos .
and when we suck in the beginning we always go in firing in the second half
the norm in society has been that women are sociopaths ?
when i was showing my wellnessfx results to my doctor he asked how much i spent on it .
he was able to order up blood work for a similar amount of blood markers if not more for half the cost .
i 've been using the lab he recommended through him ever since and i just uploaded the data to wellnessfx .
if you rely on particular osx apps without viable linux replacements then no .
not only will you likely experience a performance increase but you 'll also be able to do upgrades practically forever and easily reformat from a usb disk .
definitely try a livecd to make sure your hardware is compatible .
play around and see if anything is broken beforehand .
my favorite part is that you can break everything if you want and you do n't need to worry about how to get back to the original state like with windows .
also i cut off all the strands and stuff they came with because they were getting annoying
i read somewhere that the 2pm launch is for select customers only '' full launch tomorrow
i know not like north korea i mean morning fresh .
the reason this thread is not blowing up is because there is already one that has climbed to the front page https www.reddit.com/r/fifa/comments/7evdrw/prime_ferdinand_on_the_xbox_market
it always felt that five times more of the effort went into the soundtrack instead of the story or characters .
i was about to say 'still not roman ' and then i scrolled down ...
yeah almost nobody does this they just take the records out
i did that at a home depot a couple months ago 5 minutes into my jar of pennies the manager just stood there and stared at me .
but from his point of view the jedi are evil tho
the bitcoin blockchain is not a fucking website and even if it was something something past does n't predict future .
or ... infact no i 'm not even going to justify by comparing it to websites let 's compare it to the only other thing that comes close to it in the last 50 years why has n't the internet itself been myspaced ?
lily heads to the door with the green whispy thing .
ah you 're correct that she was aware the message did n't go through i missed that .
however in my opinion that only slides her actions a little bit further along the bad scale .
if she 'd been in contact with her boyfriend during that time and kept up a charade that everything was fine while living the single life i 'd have more of a problem with it .
i just do n't see what she did as that big of a betrayal .
for two days this guy had a wrong opinion about his relationship waiting and trusting her .
even if she had n't slept with the dude he 'd still have had a wrong opinion because dumping was immanent .
i do n't really see why she should have to set aside an amazing experience abroad because a text would n't go through .
the only difference for the boyfriend was the extra bruising of the ego .
to me it matters that her relationship was n't good because being stuck in a bad relationship lends context to the sudden desperate need to get out once she realises how much she 's missing .
it demonstrates that the boyfriend is n't some angel who will be completely blindsided by a breakup that he is n't the perfect sympathetic character .
it matters that she did n't try to rekindle a relationship because it demonstrates that she was well and truly done with that relationship and not using doubts abroad and the thrill of foreign romance as an excuse to cheat then beg forgiveness .
the boyfriend did indeed deserve to be made aware his relationship was over .
and i believe that she deserved to be able to exit the relationship at any time of her choosing and to not be beholden to a man because of poor communication infrastructure and technicality .
it 's unfortunate that this man had a false image of his relationship for two days but she informed him as soon as she was able .
an incredibly fundamental part of his life was going to irreparably change anyway .
what does knowing that two days later really change ?
i 'm of the mind that a relationship is over as soon as one partner becomes set in that desire .
i agree it 's ideal to communicate that desire immediately so that you do n't waste your ex-partner 's time or string them along .
i 'm aware that this could be abused by someone who uses it to sleep around then claim it was n't cheating because i was totally gon na dump you but i changed my mind ! '' .
under the circumstances i 'd be completely ok dating someone who made the same decisions .
i 'm aware that not everyone will agree with me but i thought she deserved to know that there are those of us who do n't vilify her based on these actions .
he 's really not that good in ga. choke is more a hindrance than a help and his lack of speed gets him killed in seconds .
he seems to basically say that it should be running better but it 's not and he does n't know whether thats him or another person connecting badly to the server that is the problem ?
or at least that 's what i took from it .
not exactly comforting as you 're never going to stop people from having bad connections and playing the game .
baked macaroni and cheese has always been my first love at thanksgiving dinner followed closely by pumpkin pie .
you cant say something like that and not provide links !
anybody else have show yourself by masatodon stuck in your head now ?
how much of that was when he was a legal adult ?
like everyone is saying you are super hot but also should be proud for how far you have come .
press b and forward same as the sitting glitch .
it 's pretty much a bad version of the skorpion from bo2 .
i 'm choosy i use protection and i never hesitate to pass if something seems off .
consent is a beautiful thing sometimes because it 's revocable .
just a quick fyi what 's happening in portugal is legal in the uk too for example
exactly the same thing as the meo mobile zero-rating plan that 's being shown around everywhere
even if i was secure about my body you can never be too careful these days
is plex free in this case if i 'm streaming locally ?
it 's esesntialy a upnp server at that point right ?
op thought he meant the sport wrestling where two people use all sorts of different moves to pin their opponent to a mat .
or the more theatrical version of wwe wrestling where they beat the crap out of each other and throw each other off tall things but they 're both performers and everything is choreographed .
op 's uncle meant wrestle '' as a euphemism for creepy ass non-consentual adult-uncle-on-11-year-old-niece/nephew sex .
i hate seeing people do pullups '' where they only go about 3/4 of the way down .
that there are greens outside of the democratic party does not preclude the possibility that there are also greens inside the democratic party .
parents women who bring their kids son into a bathroom and use separate stalls ... what is the point if you do n't help them with a flushing b wiping off the toilet seat c overall bathroom manners and cleanliness ?
or i guess am i missing the point on why you would bring your son in with you if he is still unsupervised ?
that is an awfully new and nice outback to have been totaled .
i 'd walk only knowing that and what little i know about insurance and car maintenance .
thanks for trying to be helpful but that has been there for a little while .
was completely unintentional and dragic was underneath him in his space
my xbox one has been plugged into a surge protector since day one .
nords seem more appropriate for a balanced offensive/defensive gameplay .
now if you like the roleplaying we have imperials and their sweet mouths .
loadsss of good cbs in this game boateng bailly ramos sokratis manolas etc etc but lbs not so much .
he 's not worthy of you and anyone who treats you poorly hwve control issues .
sorry but i had to remove your recent post on r/r4r because your title did not comply with our official guidelines .
you can check out the guidelines here http www.reddit.com/r/r4r/comments/z08ap/how_you_should_tag_your_r4r_posts .
this is the proper way to format a title age r4r location description
here is a tl dr checklist of what should be in your subject
use only m f t and r for tagging gender .
make sure you 're not using w when you mean to use f or a when you mean to use r.
use around the r4r tag so it looks like r4r .
for multiple ages or letter tags only use 's so it looks like 21/21 mf4r .
if you are posting about r/r4r please use a meta tag at the beginning of the subject .
please visit the submission page http www.reddit.com/r/r4r/submit ? sidebar title=age r4r location title to resubmit your post .
if you get an error message asking you to wait you must wait until the timer expires before posting again .
if you 're still having issues with your post please feel free to message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fr4r .
finally please make sure you read the rules on the sidebar !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/r4r if you have any questions or concerns .
your question has been removed by an automatic filter .
this could be for a number of reasons 1 your post is a yes or no question 2 your post could be answered in one word 3 you did not post an actual question in the title 4 your question is incomprehensible and the filter did not recognize it as an actual question .
regardless of whether you think this message is in error 95 of the time it is not .
if you have re-read your question re-read the sidebar and still believe that this is a failure of our automatic filter it 's just a computer then message us with both a link to this post do not delete it or we can not see it and your reasoning as to why it does not violate our rules .
excuse the abrasive approach most of our mod messages are because of this filter .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askmen if you have any questions or concerns .
with the amount of whining self importance and judging of other people for no other reason then they own a product that is a different brand than what he prefers ... . why would you want to play devil 's advocate for him ?
no i just do n't like pedantic nerds who ca n't resist the urge to correct an inconsequential every day expression. http i.imgur.com/dpq9yjl.png .
the trucks net weight is 33,000 similar to other trucks .
cargo transport is nothing but a simple math formula in a plant managers excel spreadsheet .
it is cheaper to use this truck per pound moved and companies will adapt shipping strategies accordingly .
unless you need to move a single object greater than 50,000lbs .
a driver earns 40k 50k and has total costs management/hr costs and benefits that usually equal 1.6x the take home pay rate .
so that driver is costing you 60 80k a year .
2-3 years of that pays for a free truck .
a driver can call in sick speed run a red light get sleepy while driving simply blink and miss something blow a transexual hooker behind the bathroom at a truck stop and get arrested take too much trucker crack get sketchy cross a yellow line and kill a family .
a robot does none of this and when it happens it will not he considered ‘at fault ' on the company truck insurance .
insurance rates for driverless trucks will be cheaper in a hurry too .
we already have data from tesla proving beyond a shadow of a doubt that autonomous miles are already safer and we keep making the software/sensors better every year .
diesels driven by humans will still be the king of the north and we 'll need humans to move weird giant things like wind turbine blades .
but the classic definition of the ‘collapse ' of an industry is a 90 shrink or reduction in employment and that is a pretty safe bet for those jobs .
reminds me of my dads severely just no sister .
my sister had a set of two matching candlesticks she bought at pier one years ago .
unexpectedly after christmas one year we found one missing .
fast forward a couple of years when we go to crazy aunts house and lo and behold we see the missing candlestick proudly displayed on her entry table !
it 's an abbreviation for my lips but better . ''
i know i it 's a road that leads nowhere but more confusion .
atleast now she has shared/confirmed diagnosis and to see her switch from sweet to sadistic in instant was something else .
my emotions ca n't make sense of it just yet but is getting easier .
just need to let go fully now and stop reliving it like you say
man guys i am about at my total limit of having to explain every play to my non football watching family .
it 's like saying why is n't anyone fighting moore by trying to molest his daughters ? ''
it 's because productive people are too busy trying to be productive and helpful to shitpost their life away for fancier vacations and better cars
as a person who is ageing as is my eyesight i have mixed feelings about those lights .
they are great when i 'm driving but otherwise i do n't like them either .
this crosspost was performed automatically as a part of the imagesofnetwork .
learn more about the imagesofnetwork how you can help and other frequently asked questions https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_what_is_images_of.3f or visit us on discord !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_remove_my_post the bot got this one wrong !
https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_the_bot_got_this_one_wrong stop crossposting my stuff ! '' https www.reddit.com/r/imagesofnetwork/wiki/faqandinstructions wiki_no_really._don.27t_ever_crosspost_me_or_my_subreddit .
you mean the video of her trying to play off a seizure ?
he does not change direction very well at all .
yes i just contacted my bank b of a and requested a wire-recall ... .let 's hope that works ... that 's crazy i know they 're busy but least get some good customer service or put a message on your website displaying how much time things are taking right now so we do n't end up feeling stranded and hopeless
ajax is one of several european clubs founded nearby to and with heavy relations with jewish neighbourhoods and communities .
both ajax and spurs are historically jewish-affiliated in the same way that real madrid is affiliated with the spanish crown .
l i g h t n i n g n e t w o r k
i 'm speculating but i think blmto is probably hip to that too i 've seen a lot less of yusra and a lot more of janaya and rodney who tend to be a little more direct and reserved in their press statements .
people here hate blmto so they blast whenever they can .
it makes me roll my eyes redditors are typically so about arguing with logic backing up their words with links and citations calling people out on logical fallacies .
until blmto comes up and all that 's out the window .
i feel like saying you considering qutting when no one asked is more teenage girl attention seeking than what i wrote
holy shit this is such a throwback for me lmao i used to be obsessed with shaking heart .
lions hog the ball and scores with three seconds left .
as others have said there 's a difference between equipping kids with knowledge and resources to ensure safety and actually condoning them having sex by allowing same bed sleepovers .
i do n't think there 's a single us state with an age of consent under the age of 16 .
i 'm a probation officer for kids who have been adjudicated delinquent just for having consensual '' sex with their partners .
often times it 's both kids that end up on probation after word of them being sexually active gets spread around and an adult overhears .
why would a parent help put their kid in that situation ?
it 's irresponsible and legally they 're contributing to the delinquency of a minor .
besides that i want a more balanced token/engram system pvp playlist or dedicated servers .
some updates on the updtaes they are planning not just a one time deal in a twab sorry if you saw me as a salty mofo wasnt the intention
the fcc regulation '' is basically just there to prevent isp 's from regulating the internet .
its only purpose is literally to make sure that the internet is n't regulated .
it a running through breakers this is n't a big deal .
the only problem here is that it 's not running through the case and there 's no face plate
i 'm stealing this for the next time this argument comes up .
fuck keenum man bradford would n't have ignored diggs like this
with the block inlay and binding it has to be cbs era .
my guess is it 's a late 60s or early 70s .
we have revisited the 5.5 midfielders from the beginning of the season and assessed the impact they had so far .
some interesting findings particularly that the two standout players came from the bundesliga .
i wonder if they were undervalued due to being inexperienced in the premier league but this has n't proved a factor at all .
it is certainly a consideration next year for when i review cheap midfielders
i 've filled banana several banana boxes with books and multiple garbage bags of clothes .
the boxes are so heavy and i keep envisioning myself falling down the stairs while carrying them .
when i can manage to focus on a task it goes into hyperfocus .
i end up spending hours on the details which end up nowheres near the perfection i crave .
when i loose steam the task isnt finished and who knows when i 'll get back to it .
i invited my boyfriend over for thanksgiving but with so much to do and no organized plan ...
i called him balling and told him i ca n't have him over .
i 'm going to bring everything over there ... and not enjoy one of my favorite holidays because i 'm terrified he is going to stop loving me .
women poc and lgbt people are the ones fighting for equality
but the commenter above pointed out that men face issues too and many feminists want to address them .
also many white men are helping the people you listed fight for their equality .
5 hrs of ww2 level 55 ... ..have no interest in playing anymore as its trash..got rid of it today and couldnt be more happier..
i still play mw remastered which will be my go to cod now aswell as iw/bo3
edit keep the downvotes coming boys ... ... truth hurts for some peeps 😂😂😂
hardly anyone who seriously knows anything about the game really thought houston would be a top 10 pick .
try being ugly and not getting attention at all .
you ca n't be ungratefull because hey you look like a piece of shit .
but also it 's like.. is this the league i 'm in ?
it feels kinda bad to know the future is being alone .
there are legitimate sec 8 recipients disabled and elderly .
i used to deliver pizza to a couple of elderly disabled gentlemen who always tipped a couple of bucks .
they really just wanted someone to talk to always felt so sad when i left the house .
still worry about them sometimes thousands of mile away and five years later .
he 's still usable at lower levels for sure .
coupled with a mute he can be a pain in the ass .
i 've had my fun with him on certain maps and team comps .
often times on a low rank secure area match i 'll use him to waste their time and in the last minute or so of the match i 'll wall in the objective .
more than a few times they did n't leave themselves enough time .
i would n't recommend it unless you can play well enough to give the horn a solid test run .
otherwise it 's too easy to drop 500 on a horn and then learn it needs another few hundred worth in repairs .
the one part goes into the vagina and the other part rests on the clitoris .
people in alabama may be backwards but they know how to party
well i made the right choice choosing not to watch this match .
early in my shift i stopped a guy on a traffic stop that had a warrant .
later in my shift i stopped another vehicle where the driver was dui .
driver was one of the jail staff that took my guy earlier .
nice guy but always tried staring me down anytime after that i was in the jail .
also work retail but you can hardly fault the customer for asking a question like that .
well it 's trumps fault these slaves are being sold .
and then one huge deep throw was a super pi .
i keep thinking today is the 24th for some reason .
get it play as doppelganger jack weep because he 's got student loans and has to deal with an asshole of a boss .
i love this game but i felt like most of your choices did n't matter .
i know i made a post a couple days ago about what corsair mouse to get .
well corsair 's sale ended up being nothing special so i 'm open to anything now .
as for a keyboard i decided against corsair and decided on a ducky shine 6 .
i 'd like it to be rgb both the 403 and 502 are .
it 's on sale so i 'm tempted to buy but not completely sold on it
i 'm not even sure exactly what i need to say i 'm just feeling really really shitty lately and needed to blab somewhere i guess .
i feel like i 'm a coward and like i should be doing these amazing things with my life and i am just letting myself stay stuck .
i 'm in a long term relationship with someone i do care about but i also am very independent and a big part of me just wants to run away from everything and those two things are just really tearing at me right now .
i do n't know if this sounds dumb but does anyone else find their daydreaming makes them really sad ?
i have super strong daydreams that i wish could be realities or at least aspects of it but i do n't think that world exists .
i 'm feeling really shitty lately when i read about other times and places that sound like a time/place that would have fit me where i would have made some sort of sense .
i just feel really crazy lonely and like i do n't fit and feel too scared to do anything about it .
also not having any money to just up and go somewhere and figure it out definitely contributes to the problem
this is also super embarrassing and i feel dumb because it feels kind of juvenile but i find that i get like really badly obsessive about certain things and people ie .
crushes on celebrities that i know i obviously could n't be with especially if the version of them i 'm obsessing about is from the 1970s ... .ahem and it 's really really bothering me lately .
i think it just ties back into my daydreamy/fantasy life not feeling attainable .
i have this idea of how i want my life to be but no idea how to get it or if it exists or if i could even manage to achieve it .
i also really really wish i could move somewhere else .
i follow the i want out subreddit and it all just seems to daunting borderline impossible .
i know that living in a different country would n't fix all my problems and that there would be different problems there but i guess that ties back into my dreams and feeling really stuck not being able to work to attain them .
i 'm just feeling particularly shitty lately and needed to get some word vomit out .
this is a sci-fi movie where the astronaut gets chosen by some tall aliens he gets submerged in water or something like that .
i would estimate this movie was made in the late 90 's or early 2000 's .
thanks in advance all i need is the title and probably an actor or something .
there seem to be many companies that offer various dna tests and reports .
as someone without the understanding of the relevant science i have little idea how to select one of these services over the other .
in case this helps i am most interested in information that could be relevant to my current/future health other probabilistic information about myself based on genetic info and about my ancestry in that order .
can someone or multiple people break down the pros and cons of each of these companies ' services ?
so i suppose i have discovered that one of my kinks is futas .
so i have created this account to satisfy my need to be a 6ft tall brazilian looking model with a huge dick .
the roleplay i had in mind was that of a futa high school .
i play the tall beautiful head mistress and you play a young less hung futa student sent to my office .
i know it 's short and simple but we can start from there .
i will describe my look specifically when i get chatting with someone that also seems to have the same taste as me .
i 'm really looking for other girls like myself who are into it but fem looking guys i also kinda have the hots for so ca n't leave them fellas out !
i do n't have many dislikes but gore piss and scat .
i also do n't mind using images you have found off of the internet to help create a better visual experience .
if you 're not into that your call though .
will try and get to as many of you as possible .
nobody agrees about which books they like by him .
i have yet to see a thread where someone says i like perdido '' without someone saying i hated perdido and loved embassytown . ''
i think it 's pretty cool that i 've seen almost all his books cited as his best and worst .
i 'm having issues with my call volume being too low and the only thing that fixes it is by using the voice boost during the call but that would mean i would have to turn it on manually all the time when talking on the phone .
using the call volume slider does n't seem to affect it at all .
it still sounds the same even setting it to the lowest setting .
i also find it strange that if you go to settings sound you wo n't find the call volume slider .
the only way to see it is to be in a call and press volume up/down or tap the phone icon and press the volume up/down button and then press the drop down arrow to see it .
can anyone test to see if your call volume slider works ?
i really like the design and features but there are a lot of things that are making it unbearable for me and i 'm probably going to return it within a week if i ca n't fix it .
i can deal with the brightness camera and battery life but if i ca n't even use the phone to talk to people that 's going to be a problem .
anyone else experiencing random freezes from time to time ?
they start about 20-30 minutes into playing the game and then the occur kind of randomly lasting for about 5-10 seconds .
the game completely freezes and the audio gets extremely slow to the point of stuttering .
my friends and i recently came over from d2 and are looking for others to expand our clan past ghost level .
we are very active as of now with mastery levels ranging from 2-10 .
we 're just a bunch of fun-loving politically incorrect rowdy casuals .
our clan is the whispering eye and that should tell you all you need to know about our maturity level .
this move gives a more flexible 2040 offseason and we retain the '40 boston pick that was acquired previously in a pick swap .
not saying i do n't have urges infact i almost relapsed a couple of days back the urges were strong but the thought of going back to old ways is scary .
this feeling clarity calm energy.. everything.. is way too precious to be messed around with .
i hear stuff like this on other online games all the time xbox etc .
i 've never encountered this sort of nastiness during go and wonder if anyone else has had similar games at some point .
they resigned at the end of this exchange though i was still about 20 points behind at the stage
i did get a bit snarky through the process but i 've honestly never seen anything like this and thought my go games were above such assaults .
19:29 me oh no i '' m probably to tanked for such a close handi game
19:30 me i do n't have time now to study go
19:30 me i just play hard gmes and try to learn
19:44 me actualy i should have gave pause so my sry
19:57 them you are n't good enough for 4 stone handicap
19:58 them if you think i did n't see that you will make me laugh harder
19:58 me if i am trash you should try for harder games
19:58 them your ego has to be really big to think you can actually face a 4 stone handicap
19:59 them so like a joke i do n't take you seriously
19:59 me kill me i will die in education and rise to apply later
19:59 them i already proven i cap you every time .
19:59 them common sense should n't need to be educated
20:00 them common sense that i am running all over you
20:00 them i told you from the beginning i 'm giving you a chance and i 've made that so obvious that i 've let you live and keep your stones
20:00 them common sense should tell you you are n't capable of handling a 4 stone handicap
20:02 them if you think you are earning anything you have
20:02 them i told you from the start i was going easy
20:02 them bc you stand no chance if i wanted to stomp you all over this board
20:02 me thank you master for beating me lightly at the start
how am i supposed to waitlist for cs 145 ?
according to the linked chart the class will be automatically dropped if you enroll in the lecture but waitlist in the lab .
i noticed 2 people have been able to do it .
i really want to secure a spot in this class .
i was just playing on factory and was hiding behind the wall right beside the door that leads to alternate exits stairs .
heard a guy on the other side so i tossed a made on the other side of that wall into the stair well .
grenade went off killing the enemy and me ... ?
and is it possible to visit the king 's chamber today ?
anyone know of anything around tucson for teens that ca n't drink ?
everything to do seems like bars or for way older folks .
honestly i 'm looking to meet people my own age 18 .
so i have been involved in the occult for quite some time and i have never found an answer a question that still lingers in me i would really appreciate any piece of info i can get .
when i first started dabbling in the occult.. just some chaos magick and neo-druidism i had a dream and when i woke up i had the name astaroth echoing in my head and i just had to look that name up .
i was wandering if that is a type of calling or if i am just going bat shit crazy .
i am really interested in nay piece of advice or info is more than appreciated
anyone else pissed at the new changes to amazon prime ?
they have doubled the minimum amount customers need to spend to qualify for free two hour delivery from £20 to £40 and changed the minimum spend to £15 but have introduced a charge of £3.99 if you do n't reach the minimum spend for two hour delivery .
what 's the point of paying £79 a year when these additional charges are added on ?
i was n't even notified of any changes until i looked on the app myself .
amazon have also closed my local wholefoods giffnock scotland and their 's no sign of amazon fresh coming to my area .
seriously pissed off and have cancelled my prime subscription as a result .
i 'm waiting for customer service to get back to me on this but i think this will be the last time i use amazon services they 're getting worse and clearly do n't give a shit about their services in my area .
just wondered if this is a uk wide issue and if anyone knows what the fuck amazon are playing at ?
i 'm planning a pretty long summer road trip accross canada and the usa is there anything good to eavesdrop on or people to interact with on c.b .
if you 're reading this you want to explore this fetish right .
i enjoy blowjobs where my fists are curled into your hair tightly and i 'm plunging down into your throat .
i also like blowjobs reclining back on the couch while you kneel between my legs gently stroking my cock .
i want to feel you slide your slick hand down my long shaft .
i moan when you cup my balls and pull me toward your warm wet mouth .
but i also like it when you only use your mouth perhaps with your hands tied behind your back .
i want to be surprised by them in the morning in bed when i 'm half asleep .
i imagine taking you in the car on a long open road while i gently stroke your hair .
then you unbuckling your seatbelt and leaning over the counsel to take me out .
i imagine blowjobs when i come home from work still dressed in my suit .
you dropping to your knees unfastening my button and sliding down my zipper .
i 'd tell you to pull out your tits so i could watch them sway as you worked .
i 'd place my hand on the back of your head to encourage your speed .
i have lots of scenarios in my mind and i 'm not afraid to describe all the details of what i 'm thinking and feeling .
i 'd like to chat about our experiences and tastes or rp our fantasies .
i also interested in the d/s dynamic light bondage lingerie and rough sex .
i 'm 6 foot 2 and have dark blonde hair and blue eyes .
i 'm broad shouldered well spoken easy going outside of bed but otherwise passionate .
my name 's domi i 'm representing a new community called evocators .
we are fairly new and looking for new members do join us .
it does not matter what rank you are whether you are playing ladder or co-op have been playing before or just starting out .
in-house tournaments practice buddies of all ranks arcade events chance to participate in team leagues find new friends .
be friendly and open minded show up to events be active on discord and in game .
join our discord https discord.gg/usamudu and introduce yourself admins will be in touch with you .
purposely made a throwaway to be vague because i do n't want to get killed .
there are wonderful subs on reddit to support people with ... less than ideal families/childhoods .
i 've posted in most of them myself so yes i understand how fucked up your own relatives can make your life and how it can mess you up .
but sometimes people post and they are so glaringly in the wrong or no better than the people they 're ranting about .
and we 're all supposed to pat them on the back in the name of 'support ' .
there 's this one person who has an ongoing series of posts and she is so obviously no better than the family she 's pissed at .
she picks stupid fights herself and has a weird golden child/scapegoat thing going on with her and her sibling 's dogs .
the way she talks about people is so condescending and it 's quite clear she thinks she 's sooo much better than her entire family .
she over analyzes situations like she thinks she 's a psychologist .
and it 's even more exhausting that her self-righteous posts get hundreds of up votes an supportive comments condoning this when there are people who could use the support more .
but no do n't say it sounds like you 're causing just as much of a problem here '' or you 'll get permabanned from the entire site .
op might 've burned the house down because her mom yelled at her over dishes but they had it fucking coming you ca n't treat your adult children living in your house rent free like that .
this is the best tl dr i could make original http www.popularmechanics.com/science/a13860281/scientists-build-handheld-particle-detector-for-seeing-through-walls reduced by 57 .
so how exactly do you find out what 039 s inside a building without going in ?
muons can usually pass through walls but sometimes they collide instead meaning that a detector will see fewer muons if there are walls or other objects in the way .
by measuring how many muons pass through a certain area-like a building-we can figure out exactly how much of that area is solid and how much is empty space .
there 039 s one problem existing muon detectors are large and expensive which is why a group of physicists at mit are building a cheaper portable version .
currently mit is marketing the detector as a learning experience for high school and college students and its website provides detailed instructions on how to build and operate the device .
maybe someday thanks to this research every first responder will have access to a cheap handheld muon detector .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.popularmechanics.com/science/a13860281/scientists-build-handheld-particle-detector-for-seeing-through-walls faq http autotldr.io 246396 summaries so far . ''
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords muon 1 detector 2 how 3 build 4 mean 5
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic .
please do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
my best friends birthday is in a few weeks and she has been saving for a trip to thailand is there anyone who would be willing to send a postcard to her with a note ? ?
i hope it would be an encouragement to keep saving for her goal .
draw a tangent along the line of the above equation where x=2
i have a pc who has repeatedly threatened jokingly to abuse the whole revenant pc 's from ua gothic heroes return to life after death .
my world has no resurrection magic so death is permanent however incredibly rare .
i know he 's joking but i 've warned him if he ever does actually start abusing this he may find major consequences .
soul cage from xgte traps a creatures soul as a reaction when it dies storing it in a cage and preventing it from being revived .
revenants reform when they die 24 hours after death or inhabit another dead body if theirs was destroyed .
the writing does state that the revenant dies before this happens and then reforms which seems to satisfy the casting of soul cage .
i know i am the dm and can just say it is but it 's easier if that seems to be what it would do raw anyway .
realised soul cage only lasts 8 hours and does n't have upcasting effects .
still having him sell out all the parties secrets will be pretty brutal if it ever comes to that .
i do photography and graphic design i 've had some random clients from reddit for graphic design but my photography is the real gold mine .
i 've only had about 14 clients in the 6 months i 've been running my niche is streetwear/fashion editorial type of photos .
plenty of ids love our content but kids do n't have money ! ! !
how can i generate income if my target market is broke ?
having played ghost war during the first free weekend and found it some what enjoyable but not interested in the campaign or any form of sp/pve co-op .
i would have hope that ubisoft would try marketing ghost war as a standalone in an attempt to increase the games small player base .
60 usd for ghost war alone is a huge ask even with the current autumn sale 50 off the content for ghost war alone is extremely underwhelming .
personally i will be picking the game up for the free weekend again to play ghost war with no intention of buying it at its current price point .
i believe that providing a standalone for ghost war at a similar price point as r6s 15-20 would help increase the longevity of the game .
i 'm of the mind that the progress system should remain the same for those who opted for the full version .
should ghost war be sold as a standalone version to the single player in addition to the full game sp+mp ?
we all know no one likes country so why would they put it in the pass ?
i mean i knew what i was getting into when i bought the spotlight pass but i do n't care i still want a refund harmonix .
harmonix will trick you and you should never trust them .
hey guys i accidentally washed 10g of marquis tested mdma in my winter coat .
there 's still a lot left but is it okay to consume ?
i 'm looking to get some cubans for my dad .
in january he celebrates a decade since he was diagnosed with multiple myeloma and luekemia .
he was told he had six weeks to live .
since then he has battled through and we have enjoyed many cigars together .
he likes sweets drew estate dirts tatiana cherry trader jack 's deadwood sweet janes etc .
that being said he was asking me if i had any way to get some cubans for him that would show him why everyone loves them so much .
i 'm mostly a n00b when it comes to ccs and need some advice from you guys .
what is the coolest looking airsoft gun you 've seen ?
does n't have to be practical working or great internals just has to look cool .
if matt is going to have a lol team i think he should start playing it .
it would be a great series for his second channel .
it would also show all of the call of duty fans one of the most popular esport titles .
i am a huge fan of cod but once my friend showed me lol i have n't been able to stop playing .
i can not wait to see what 100 thieves can do this season .
here is song starting at chorus https youtu.be/c-dvtjk_07c ? t=59s
i want to be the dj makin ' my team fall in love again .
view the bill in its original formatting here https docs.google.com/document/d/1ip7e2laulyoyg8mdrombovtcadkisihigsorstrcxqc/edit
in the 11th general assembly of the atlantic commonwealth .
begin the transition of state agencies towards the use of vehicles using cleaner energy sources .
be it enacted by the people of the atlantic commonwealth represented in the general assembly thereof
a this bill shall be known as the the clean energy vehicles act or ceva for short .
b a motorized vehicle shall for the purposes of this bill mean any vehicle propelled with any other force than human power owned or rented by any state agency used for civil purposes in urbanized areas at least a quarter of its time in official service no heavier than fifteen thousand 15 000 pounds and not used for emergency purposes by the state police or guard and not a specialty vehicle .
c a clean vehicle or clean energy vehicle shall for the purposes of this bill mean any motorized vehicle that uses alternative fuel .
d alternative fuel shall mean for the purpose of this bill shall mean biodiesel bioalcohol methanol ethanol butanol refuse-derived fuel chemically stored electricity batteries and fuel cells hydrogen non-fossil methane non-fossil natural gas vegetable oil propane and other biomass sources .
every year after this bill is enacted the general assembly of the atlantic commonwealth shall review this section for any amendments .
e for the purposes of this bill the words board clean energy vehicles board and clean vehicles board may be used interchangeably .
a the clean vehicles board shall be established and be constituted of
nbsp nbsp nbsp i one chairperson designated by the governor of the commonwealth
nbsp nbsp nbsp ii one general assembly member designated by the speaker of the assembly and acting as deputy-chairperson
nbsp nbsp nbsp iii one senate member designated by the temporary president of the senate and acting as assistant deputy-chairperson
nbsp nbsp nbsp iv one member designated by each state department
nbsp nbsp nbsp v two members of each house 's budget and finance committee
nbsp nbsp nbsp vi one member of each house 's energy committee
nbsp nbsp nbsp vii any number inferior to five experts qualified on the matter appointed by the governor after consultation of the lt .
b at any time the speaker of the assembly after consultation with all the officers of the general assembly and senate and the entirety of the board 's members may destitute the chairperson of the board and call for a new designation by the governor .
c the chairperson of the board may designate assistant chairs but were they not members of the board they would not have any participation rights to it apart from the duties of the chair .
nbsp nbsp nbsp i the deputy-chairperson may do the same for their position and duties .
d should the chairperson should find themselves unable to assume their duties for any period of time the deputy-chairperson shall assume them for such a duration .
e should the deputy-chairperson find themselves unable to assume their duties for any period of time the assistant deputy-chairperson appointed by the temporary president of the senate shall assume them for such a duration .
nbsp nbsp nbsp i this assistant deputy-chairperson shall designate the other assistant deputy-chairperson adequate to fulfill their duties should they not be able to for any duration of time .
f any member of the board shall appoint one or two temporary replacements for their seat at the moment of the establishment of the board .
g the board shall establish its own rules in accordance with this section at the moment of its establishment .
a the clean vehicles board shall firstly establish a full report on the status of
b the board shall establish guidelines regulations and directives for the various state agencies and departments to follow to ensure section 4 of this bill is respected .
a between 06/01/2018 and 01/01/2019 one and a half percent 1.5 of the totality of state agencies ' motorized vehicles shall be clean energy vehicles .
b between 01/02/2018 and 01/01/2020 four percent 4 of the totality of state agencies ' motorized vehicles shall be clean energy vehicles .
c between 01/02/2020 and 01/01/2021 six percent 6 of the totality of state agencies ' motorized vehicles shall be clean energy vehicles .
d between 01/02/2021 and 01/01/2022 eight percent 8 of the totality of state agencies ' motorized vehicles shall be clean energy vehicles .
e between 01/02/2022 and 01/01/2023 ten percent 10 of the totality of state agencies ' motorized vehicles shall be clean energy vehicles .
f between 01/02/2022 and 01/01/2023 ten percent 10 of the totality of state agencies ' motorized vehicles shall be clean energy vehicles .
g between 01/02/2023 and 01/01/2024 twelve percent 12 of the totality of state agencies ' motorized vehicles shall be clean energy vehicles .
h between 01/02/2024 and 01/01/2025 twelve percent 15 of the totality of state agencies ' motorized vehicles shall be clean energy vehicles .
i the clean vehicles board shall every three years with a possible delay of six months at most propose to the general assembly and to any committee the speaker thereof shall deem adequate a plan for eventual amendments to this section to modify it or add subtexts to it .
j the board shall not be able to propose to strike this subtext .
it shall also be forbidden to modify the final percentage of clean vehicles below fifteen percent 15 .
a only positions existing under the meta state of the simulation shall be concerned by this bill .
b this bill shall come into force immediately after it becomes law .
this bill was authored by u.s. speaker of the house u/jacksazzy
same old drill amendments on sunday vote on tuesday .
i posted about this before but i did n't link anything at that point .
first what i expect to interest a lot of people the appearances of cirsi and the ramul in full color !
and this sprite has talksprites similar in appearance which exactly fit the silhouette of cirsi in the game along with some black sprites on the same spritesheet so it 's pretty clear this is cirsi
here 's the spritesheet with cirsi 's talksprites i mentioned above .
next is the rest of the dialogue between cirsi and the ramul after it cuts out at the end of the demo .
i 'm removing some formatting characters the actual text has some hashes and stuff .
cirsi nothin a little pick me up ca n't fix .
ramul do you really think you can help him ?
ramul i grew a bunch over the summer and everything !
cirsi ear length do n't count for nothin kiddo .
cirsi now help me get him back to town .
cirsi well that 's about the best i can do fer now .
cirsi feel free to get yer footing before ya head out .
i assume that last part is intended to be a joke about the fact that baron talks or perhaps an indicator that baron talking is just lore 's interpretation of his body language or whatever .
we also learned that the place is called animus .
though that information was already on the kickstarter page .
there 's more text under that but it 's not part of the same dialog .
the first bit seems to be the response for examining ... something .
i believe these to each be separate results for examining the same presumably weird thing multiple times .
no idea what the inscription is on the bottom of but this reveals that cirsi 's last name is thistle .
there 's some more text and a fair amount more sprites but i 'm tired right now of sorting through it all .
i 'll post more tomorrow if there 's demand .
we created and several times updated the design of our website http neitdesign.com not wanting to use a template but to make something individual .
view the bill in its original formatting here https docs.google.com/document/d/1u1vdgtevvtmfnxdlfkgs-upkl1n4huzmzqzxupdtlhk/edit
formally adopting sharknado as the cinematic interpretation of our state 's mission act
whereas the people of today 's world need more than just words to understand goals
whereas the cinematic films of today present a very strong willed message
whereas the government of the state of atlantic commonwealth needs to supply a stronger message to the state 's people
whereas the film sharknado has been found to have a strong message of perseverance and hopefulness
whereas the message of the film sharknado is comparable to the mission of our great state of atlantic commonwealth
be it enacted by the assembly of the state of atlantic commonwealth
nbsp nbsp nbsp the formally adopting sharknado as the cinematic interpretation of our state 's mission act
a. sharknado shall refer to the 2013 movie directed by anthony c. ferrante and produced by david michael latt
mission shall be defined as the eternal goal of the state of atlantic commonwealth
c. the mission of the state of atlantic commonwealth shall be defined as persevering through the worst of times and being a beacon of light in times of darkness .
the cinematic interpretation of our state 's mission is hereby an established title which may also be referred to as the official film of the state of atlantic commonwealth
the film s awarded this title must be interpreted as a representation of our state 's mission
sharknado is hereby adopted as the official cinematic interpretation of the mission of the state of atlantic commonwealth .
if it is found that another film should better fit the title of cinematic interpretation of our state 's mission then the film sharknado may be replaced providing the replacement meets the following qualifications
nbsp nbsp nbsp a both the assembly and the state have reached at least a two-thirds ⅔ majority in voting yea for the replacement of this film with the new film
nbsp nbsp nbsp b the governor has signed his her or non-binary possessive pronoun approval of the replacement of this film with the new film
nbsp nbsp nbsp c at least five 5 years have passed since the last replacement of the official film of the state of atlantic commonwealth .
if the film sharknado is replaced this bill shall still be referred to as the formally adopting sharknado as the cinematic interpretation of our state 's mission act or the fascism act
this legislation shall be enacted the next midnight est 12:00 am est or 00:00 est following the academy awards
the original version of the bill was n't numbered so i did that
same old drill amendments on sunday vote on tuesday .
let me start this off by saying i love a lot of parts of the new update including how it shows what direction i 'm looking how the textures look and other small things .
but something i 've noticed or have n't is that i miss when people get downed or killed .
with the current server having it in the bottom left feels more noticeable .
also the colors associated with either kills blue or teammates downs/deaths red make it much more accessible .
the test server has everything in grayscale including kill feed the map somewhat and my health bar .
i find myself constantly not realizing when teammates are down or when my health disappears which a lot of times is detrimental to my success .
also is anyone kinda getting a cartoony fortnite vibe ?
tradeback literally running a nuzlocke and i need to evolve my haunter and phantump .
i could totally corrrt yhthose typos i just dont feel like it
golett/golurk literally no results on gts only version-exclusive mon i could n't get .
can take 1 without a trade back to breed/evolve or both with trade backs .
i apologize in advance for the fact that i have basically nothing to give in return but i hope i will be able to give back once i get my breeding all set up .
wonder how many hours i have wasted spent time exploring on reddit in the last five years ...
r/furry is one of my active subs yet i made three comments with 8 karma almost three weeks ago i 've made plenty of other comments and posts in those 3 weeks r/furry should n't be displayed as my fifth active sub when i have subs that i am clearly more active in .
bayonet vanilla float on vanilla knives omegalul http csgo.exchange/item/12612529458 https s.metjm.net/9tijvfd.jpg 53 52 sold
chmuranet is yet again ironically proud to support worldwide a brick and mortar retail tradition that special american holiday dedicated to buying stuff black friday and this being a digital deal you are far less likely to get trampled or sit outside for hours in the cold .
boy do we have something special for you with this new black friday offer !
if you rent any three servers you get a fourth one free !
this is an amazing 25 discount that you can only take advantage of today !
ever dreamt of being one of those guys with so many servers they ca n't manage all of them ?
and this is n't some first month only johnny come lately sort of deal !
the fourth server of equal or lesser value is free for as long as it is actually your fourth server with us !
we have opened a brand new 1g/9 raid machine just to mark the occasion making this offer even easier to take advantage of today .
and remember this extra special deal is only for the community of people that rent seedboxes !
just put the secret phrase in each of your three orders buy3get1free '' to take advantage of this awesome deal and we 'll get you all three then we will get you a fourth !
and remember as a chmuranet member we promise we 'll never put it about you having a virulent std ... that you got from your mom .
would like to purchase a record player to play my newly bought records .
i prefer an audio technica lp120 or a different high end turntable but am open to anything besides crosley thanks !
the lol screensaver download is really good and was hoping there was something like that for wallpapers .
this is the best tl dr i could make original https www.aol.com/article/news/2017/11/23/texas-woman-charged-with-mailing-explosives-to-obama-texas-governor/23286809 reduced by 48 .
a houston-area woman has been charged with mailing booby-trapped packages designed to explode to former u.s. president barack obama texas governor greg abbott and a federal office in maryland .
julia poff 46 was ordered held in jail last week ahead of trial after she was indicted on charges of mailing packages last year that were designed to kill transporting explosives and other criminal counts court documents showed .
poff who was charged earlier this month and pleaded not guilty last week reached out to the houston chronicle to defend herself the newspaper reported on its website on thursday .
an explosive-laden package mailed to obama in october 2016 while he was still in office contained hair that an fbi crime lab matched to one of poff 039 s cats the judge wrote in the detention order .
packages sent to obama and the u.s. social security administration in maryland were both stopped in screening according to houston tv station kprc .
in october 2016 abbott the republican governor of texas opened a third package that also was rigged to explode but it failed to detonate .
the packages sent to obama the social security administration and abbott contained pyrotechnic powder and investigators found a large amount of fireworks at poff 039 s home in brookshire west of houston the court order said .
summary source http smmry.com/https www.aol.com/article/news/2017/11/23/texas-woman-charged-with-mailing-explosives-to-obama-texas-governor/23286809 faq http autotldr.io 246456 summaries so far . ''
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pm 's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords poff 1 obama 2 package 3 order 4 abbott 5
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic .
please do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
this thread is a place to post any minor topics that do not quite deserve their own submission .
the daily post should be utilized for questions requests track id 's general discussion as well as being a place to have some casual banter with your fellow users .
or feel free to join our discord channel https discord.gg/skrillex for casual chat with other people
please keep the discussion civil and be sure to follow the subreddit rules at all times .
on dec. 14 three of the five leaders of the fcc federal communications commission will vote to end net neutrality and title ii oversight .
title ii means that the internet is treated as a utility and they ca n't discriminate .
what if your telephone service provider wanted to cut your call early because you were calling their competition because you wanted to switch ?
they ca n't and that 's because they are a utility .
if the internet is no longer classified as a utility then they could .
the internet service providers isp says that title ii and net neutrality prevents them from making fast lanes '' on the information superhighway but that 's not what would happen .
the isps would just slow down one lane and call the normal lane the fast lane '' .
also do you know who gets hurt by this decision the most ?
let 's say you have a big business and you let people watch movies and tv shows for a subscription fee but then the isp says to the business to that they are in direct competition with their own streaming service and that it 's either pay up or their customers are going to see that buffering wheel a lot more .
you begrudgingly pay up because you want happy customer but this does mean you have to raise their rates to cover the loss .
for a big company this would hurt you more then the big company but companies ?
yeah how can they keep paying the isps to ensure that their site is n't slowed down ?
how can they grow and reach a new audience if that new audience is met with a slow web page ?
you can use this site to call your congress easy https 5calls.org/issue/defend-fcc-net-neutrality
remember mignon clyburn and jessica rosenworcel and for net neutrality.
you can use this site to find protests in your area
so i say again the internet needs your help ! !
i do n't know if it 's accurate so any help would be useful.
also if the editors would be fine with it to let the final version of this be open for anyone to submit to their local newspapers. canceled
how can such a slow and archaic system like u.s. government possibly adapt quickly enough to the coming challenges that exponential tech brings ?
automation leading to ubi best case scenario or economic collapse .
climate disaster that will allow greater exploitation of the poor .
to me the biggest threat are the unknowns ... a single new app can crush an entire industry ... ai reading the stock market ecosystem collapse big brother i do n't know ... who knows what 5-10 yrs of tech advancement will bring ?
the question is does proximity to the singularity decreasing stability ?
if so it would be logical that the singularity will never actually arrive ?
hey i 'm a returning player and i 've been trying to find some decks but ca n't seem to find a good up to date source .
i know a new expansion just came out recently so things probably havent leveled out yet as to what decks are good besides saurian magmar .
alternatively my favorite deck was one that was close to burn starhorn with lots of rush minions attack buffs and card draw .
i would like to continue playing it but thumping wave and saberspine got nerfed are there any replacements to keep the deck intact ?
would like to purchase a record player to play my newly bought records .
i prefer an audio technica lp120 or a different high end turntable but am open to anything besides crosley thanks !
i had this realization today after spending almost the last two years in solitude that my parents are absolutely amazing and without them i am no one .
there was this emptiness growing inside and i decided that i would put an end to it .
i spent the majority of my day today with my family at thanksgiving and i feel so full !
i used to be critical of them but i ca n't see a good reason to be now they raised my crazy ass !
has anyone else grown to appreciate their parents as they got older ?
they do n't understand me but they appreciate me and try and i do the same for them .
pcpartpicker part list https pcpartpicker.com/list/fh4nrg price breakdown by merchant https pcpartpicker.com/list/fh4nrg/by_merchant
i 'm not sure what kind these are 4gb ram an 650w power supply and some motherboard
after the first boot of the day or even after a couple minutes-hour the windows 10 loading screen freezes and i have to shut the power off from the power supply and turn it back on which would let it load .
list anything you 've done in attempt to diagnose or fix the problem .
as the title says i just got arma3 during the sale and was just wondering what advice you guys would give to a noob or that you wish someone had told you ?
do n't know why something the community have been requesting for years took so long but now it 's here and it 's great
as it stands the highest medal you can achieve through party ranked is legend 5 which amounts to around low 4k .
i am a party-only player with 'historical ' party mmr of about 4.9k and without this restriction and a reasonable calibration performance i 'd probably end up in ancient 1-2 or something with the possibility to climb further but alas that 's not going to happen .
i realize there are not too many people out there who value party ranked but for those who do this arbitrary restriction can be very demotivating .
please volvo show some love for us party ppl and remove the cap on party ranked contributing towards the medals .
ps i do n't want this to end up as a war 'solo vs party ' imo both have their place and it should be for the individual players to decide which of them they regard higher .
i get it.. he 's a beast and will never come out when he 's injured ... and trust me as a lions fan..
i appreciate that.. but that stubbornness has cost us two games .
can we get a coach that has balls and will bench him when it needs to be done .
i worked a full shift during the black friday sale .
i thought it was a coupon they give you ?
har hørt at jagland selv var på stortinget da han ble innsatt .
i 'm an acon currently enjoying his 3rd year of nc with my nmum and enabler dad .
i 've kept in touch with my younger brother who still lives with our parents .
he 's currently 21 and is horrifically antisocial he almost never manages to keep a friend for more than 6 months or so
in order to help him socialize a friend of mine let 's call him dylan has been inviting him to parties dnd games etc over the past year or so .
dylan loves helping people so he did this without any prompting from me .
so dylan threw a dinner party and invited my brother as well as a girl becky who i had a bit of a crush on .
over the course of the night she gets incredibly drunk and starts talking about her own abusive possibly narcissistic parents .
i 'm ashamed to admit it but seeing her so vulnerable and troubled killed any sort of romantic interest i had in her i still wanted to be there as a friend for her though
as the night wound down the few of us who were left spend the night comforting becky making sure she was alright .
except my brother who used every opportunity to make it about him .
we ignored him though and he got the message staying quiet at the back of the room .
he often sulks when he does n't get his way so i did n't think much of it .
i had work the next day so i left with both my brother and becky staying the night as well as a few others .
a few days later dylan gave me some horrific news .
this is ... hard for me to write about but he told me that my brother had tried to rape becky after i had left the party .
it 's been almost two months now and i have not been handling this well .
i have n't spoken to my brother since i honestly think that i would send him to the hospital if i saw his face and i do n't want to ever speak to him again if he 's going to do something like this to another human being .
i do n't know how he could do something like this .
our parents would often try to make us feel absolutely weak and powerless as often as they could so to see him try and do the same to someone else someone who is too drunk to fight back it just ... disgusts and angers me more than i ever thought possible .
i feel bad even talking about this but ... i feel like i 'm unable to get any support from my friends about this .
as this incident happened to a member of our group of friends while i was n't there my friends always tell me that it 's not my problem '' and none of my business '' and just make me feel like i 'm not allowed to be open or upset or hurt by my brother 's actions or even to talk about them .
dylan who was previously someone who i trusted more than anyone has been cold and distant towards me avoiding talking to me not about this specifically but just in general .
i have n't had a proper conversation with him since this happened every time i 've tried he 'll just brush it off talk about mundane things going completely grey rock '' with me .
i do n't like to feel this way it just feels so selfish of me to even think about how this is effecting me when becky 's the one who was seriously hurt by his actions .
i feel like my brother has cost me all of my closest friends and there 'll always be a wall between us .
i feel bad for even thinking that because i 'm not the one who he tried to hurt .
but then i just have nowhere to vent about this and just ... end up going in circles .
i want to be there for becky but my other friends have made it clear that they do n't want me to .
it 's never been an angry conversation with me just ... distant ones .
i 'm not sure if it 's relevant but i 'm also concerned that their support '' is n't all that helpful as they tend to just smoke a lot of weed and let her vent about her problems rather than trying to move past them i feel like she 's constantly reliving them not just the incident with my brother but her abusive childhood as well i went to the art gallery with her dylan came as well but he was a couple of hours late .
when it was just the two of us she seemed ... happier than i 've ever seen her .
once dylan showed up she went right back to venting about all her problems again though i should note that this is about her parents not my brother .
i know from experience that constantly talking about my problems with my parents never actually helped me all it did was push people away .
i feel like she 's wallowing in her problems rather than actively trying to move past them and i feel like my friends while they are being very supportive are also not really being overly helpful .
also i feel like i 've been cut out '' of this situation and my help and support is not wanted that i 'm not even allowed to have any thoughts or feelings about any of this .
my brother raped a friend of mine and it 's put a serious strain on my relationship with my entire group of friends .
i feel like i 'm not allowed to have an opinion about this and that i 'm not allowed to feel hurt by my brother 's actions .
none of the names i 've used are the names of the people involved here .
also my first time posting here so if this is against the rules mods feel free to delete it .
been looking for a while and ca n't get a clear anwser .
need to sell oneplua 5 with 8gb ram and 128gb storage .
need to sell as am in desperate need of money .
i levelled my thieving skill i am now level 78 .
be as specific as possible and include specific games or programs you will be using .
i 'd like to update my 10-year old build as it 's just far too slow now for basic tasks .
i 'll be browsing multiple sites simultaneously and playing 4k content while doing it .
i 'll have several programs open while doing it .
i will do some light video editing too but this is an after-thought .
i 'd like the build to be a silent as possible as i 'll be using it in the bedroom while my partner sleeps .
i 'd also like to play gta v and fifa 18 at mid-high settings if possible .
note beyond a week or two from today means any build you receive will be out of date when you want to buy .
over the next couple of weeks but i 'd like to make use of the black friday and cyber monday sales .
what exactly do you need included in the budget ?
i need the tower and internal cables and os .
i already have 4k monitor keyboard mouse usb wifi bluetooth speakers .
which country and state/province will you be purchasing the parts in ?
if you 're in us do you have access to a microcenter location ?
if reusing any parts including monitor s keyboard/mouse/etc what parts will you be reusing ?
i also have the following items that are probably completely outdated but i 'll list them in case they can bring the cost down
if yes are you interested in overclocking right away or down the line ?
i 'm not sure about this but if i do it will definitely be down the line .
are there any specific features or items you want/need in the build ?
ex ssd large amount of storage or a raid setup cuda or opencl support etc
i also would like it to use mostly usb-c ports with at least 1 usb-a port .
do you have any specific case preferences size like itx/microatx/mid-tower/full-tower styles colors window or not led lighting etc or a particular color theme preference for the components ?
do you need a copy of windows included in the budget ?
if you do need one included do you have a preference ?
i 'd like the build to be a silent as possible as i 'll be using it in the bedroom while my partner sleeps .
and it saddens me i remember all of it so vividly reality being far from it .
soon turning 22 as a virgin with no social experience with a girl but with mild to severe cases of anxiety disorders depression and gynophobia all clouding my youth .
i now miss my ocd which had left me when depression first hit me .
it was a burden but now i think of it as the only consistent friend that kept my brain busy .
i do not know how social interactions and life works anymore to a point that i have started to call a mental condition a friend .
27/11/17 20:00 kayserispor 1-1 medipol başakşehir kayseri kadir has stadı tba alper ulusoy link https tr.beinsports.com/lig/super-lig/ozet/2017-2018/13/kayserispor-1-1-istanbul-basaksehir-mac-ozeti
as someone who got into link in the last month i missed out on all the ico drama but one thing i have n't been able to figure out is if we know who bought the 29 million that was presold of the 32 million that was supposed to be sold in the ico ?
when the ico happened ostensibly 32 was to be sold but everyone was surprised to see that the vast majority had been presold ?
do we know who it was or they bought that 29 million of link ?
hi i have recently purchased guitar hero live for ps3 .
i discovered clone hero the other day and wanted to give it a try with my gh live guitar .
i 've mapped the buttons from the main menu without any issue .
but the strum is n't recognized by the game and i ca n't play the notes because of that .
the songs are playable with dualshock mode as i do n't have to use the strum .
i saw from other topics regarding this issue that an xbox360 dongle is required for the strum to work but i do n't think those are available in my area .
is there a way to solve this problem that does n't require an xbox dongle ?
in this http www.nme.com/news/music/smashing-pumpkins-billy-corgan-compared-to-donald-trump-by-ex-bandmate-1986306 article about billy corgan there 's a video of him talking about current and past times .
he talks about layering '9 ' guitars back in the olden days .
what 's an approach that audio engineers sometimes take when layering several guitars in a song ?
i assume there 's parts in there for guitar fills and stuff..i 'm just not quite sure of a logic or methodology .
i have never used a health pot dps rules etc i never used a giant 's strength pot too marginal to be of much use i have rarely used a gold find pot not worth the time to actually click on them and i have used fire breath pots occasionally to break a boss but even there sometimes it does n't register the clicks and becomes a pita .
what if the hell valley sky trees are just lava bubble like alien creatures that live on the planet ?
i mean the planet that mario visits is incredibly hot it would be the perfect environment for a race of lava bubbles from mario to live .
take it a step forward and these bubbles maybe jumped up there from the lava below i mean that 's what lava bubbles do in mario ?
and just look at how alike both look the lava bubbles have round eyes just like the sky trees and somewhat melted round bodies just like the sky trees the sky trees even look like there melting .
this seems legit to me but i 'm open to all opinions .
i want to hit key it to my mouse but ctrl alt does n't bring it up in the action list
edit i meant name of the action so i can hot key it
arteezy 's calibration is out and his mmr are 7.6k .
can someone explain me why he get a ancient 1 medal ?
about a month ago i started a save as breton monk named diarmaid .
he did some basic quests for the mages guild and the imperial cult and spent most of his time near his shack near gnaar mok fighting critters and collecting flora from the bitter coast which he would flog for his income .
he would then spend his income on holidays to the more luxurious parts of vvardenfell caldera being his favourite sleeping in nice beds drinking good wine and eating well .
i 'm thinking of starting a similar style of save but i 'm looking for some inspiration .
has anyone had any particularly enjoyable laid back saves which they would like to share ?
i just bought 2 sticks of gskill trident z with rgb light they are in the mail so i ca n't test them .
but then i realized that my mobo might not be compatible with the lighting .
i am looking for a subject for my master 's thesis in the field of computer science and econometrics but i have one problem .
i am currently working on my own game in unity and c and it would be cool to write something that is related to games or programming but my teacher said that pure programming is not welcome here '' .
now im lost do n't know what to do all i want is to write about something that could be fun and interesting .
this may seem a little bizarre and i 'm giving out some information that i 'm not comfortable with saying on my main which is why i 'm using a throwaway .
to provide background info my mother worked as a publicist up until a year ago when she quit her job without my say in it and made us move to a sketchy apartment with drug addicts and homeless people lining the sidewalks around us as well as a pub next to us that has the occasional unsavory character .
as a kid transitioning from a nicer neighborhood with families and easy access to stores to a much worse area is incredibly jarring and i feel unsafe in this newer place .
recently my mother has been going out at night to hang out with her friends '' until 2 or 3 in the morning .
she always tells me she 'll be back before midnight and never does .
when i question her on it she complains that i do n't let her go out often enough .
what 's upsetting me is that i 've made it clear with her that i 'm ok with it so long as it 's not every other day since i do n't like spending time in this unit alone especially on ground floor next to an alleyway filled with addicts and homeless people with a bar on the other side of me .
and yet she still complains that all i want to do is keep her locked up in this apartment which is n't my intention .
but it 's only natural for me to be worried if she comes home so late at night and so often .
this is n't her teenage years she 's had plenty of time to do these shenanigans before she had me .
and with having a kid comes a certain responsibility which she 's been failing to uphold recently .
she acts like a child whining about how i wo n't let her go out with her friends to have drinks until 3am .
or is my mother simply too immature to raise a kid ?
hmm i would imagine a trade maybe eric gordon for kyle lowry ?
i really hope the teacher does n't select me here d
with a bit of google translate you should be able to sell it .
but they 'd effectively be dead kami fusing with piccolo deactivated the dragon balls so it 's not like he 's still alive in some form .
wow i never thought about this but if you install fast charging at the loading docks they could be charged enough for their next trip by the time they are fully unloaded .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/personalfinance if you have any questions or concerns .
zimmer does n't sound too excited about committing to keenum i doubt that happens
not quite sure what at laws are but from the way i understand it
right now today there is nothing keeping isps from throttling overcharging or paid prioritizing the internet anyway .
if isps wanted to they could do these things tomorrow .
they do n't do it because customers would leave and get internet from other companies .
so essentially nn is n't even up for debate in december .
what 's up for debate is the reclassification of the internet away from being a utility under title ii .
this decreases government regs on the net which is good probably increases costs for content providers like the google 's and fbs which is bad for them i guess and hardly has an impact on my internet bill and even if it did there would slowly be more and more cos to get internet from .
so it infuriates me when reddit gets all up in arms pushing for something they do n't even know is gon na harm them all because orwellian names like battle for the net '' get pushed to the front page by liberal reddit admins and their crappy algorithms .
if you 're trying to insinuate that i 'm 14 i wish i 'm 30 .
if you 're trying to insinuate that i 'm a dumbass you 're entitled to your own stupid ideas .
even if we do n't sign him roger 's is n't going to not try because they 'll be lending out 20m for a week before they get it back
really you have to qualify that statement with which rising .
iirc was n't the united irishman rising shortly before an gorta mór ?
go to worlds one of the best gyms in the world .
if you end up wanting a coach let me know mine is super skilled .
modelmærket er dog stortset ulæseligt så jeg kan ikke hjælpe mere specifikt end det .
mine forældre har også en zwilling kniv som min morfar gav dem inden de blev gift for 28 år siden .
den er stadigvæk i brug i dag selvom den er lidt mere besværlig at vedligeholde end nye knive .
men 28 år er sgu også en fin levetid d
i have an mk7 gti and absolutely love it ca n't go wrong with one
not even close to the dpoy levels he was at the previous 2 years .
chris grant at 105 will probably never be matched .
drafts do n't even last that long anymore and finding quality past the third round is getting rarer
this is the truest most correct and factual comment ever .
if anyone offers you 50k as a meme ... '' just take it ... . no brainer
i have n't experienced any side effects from taking keppra and i 've been on it since may 2015 .
unfortunately last month i had a seizure because i was off it for just over a month because the neurologist could n't give me a new prescription since i have n't seen him in over a year .
true although most are so hyper potent and not orally active they 'd be useless for anything but surgical anesthesia
i think the idea was to make crucible a team based thing like overwatch .
not saying that was a good idea i am also mourning the death of enjoyable pvp gameplay in destiny 2
are you going to watch the videos on your tv ?
watch them on your phone like a normal person ...
you can make out circles drawn around the gaping hole in the cavern ground .
almost half the circles is engulfed by fallen rock .
for all you know it 's been crushed under the avalanche .
last week i finished naruto after powering through it for two months so i was kind of burnt out .
then i started welcome to the ballroom this week .
caught up pretty quick and now i 'm reading my hero academia .
i 've been a die-hard tsm fan since 2012 but after seeing the same thing happen year after year i feel like i get more excited watching c9 play now .
that was when we were 3rd and long and needed a field goal to win .
if we ran there we would 've gone to overtime and still lost
yea someone else just told me that i 'm an idiot lol
thanks my dude i 'll be looking around for that then👍
you 'll have seven other people with varying degrees of social anxiety or who are nervous about how their voice sounds over the internet .
if you have a really sexy voice and i end up in your group i might flirt with you but that is like worst case scenario you would have to deal with .
working and trying to get my work family to be a little happier than usual .
everyone is happy so its been better than what a day with my family would be .
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofmuffdive/search ? q=title 3apittsburgh 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all new ! ! !
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofmuffdive/search.rss ? q=title 3apittsburgh 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all
be sure to check the comments in all previous posts for any warning signs !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofmuffdive if you have any questions or concerns .
i wear all black job reasons and it 's cheaper to wash .
i guess i do n't see why anyone would want to be a gun store owner in ca .
if you do n't have people buying you are n't making money .
seriously though you 've asked a very well thought out question and have obviously put a lot of time into this topic so i 'm going to try to give you a well thought out answer .
warning though my well thought out answers tend to be long
as i said 00 is canadian and italian wheat and based on the low strength of all italian wheat i can guarantee you that it 's more canadian than italian .
one other huge aspect of italian wheat is that not only is it lower protein but the protein it does contain is n't as viable as north american wheat at creating gluten so while on paper the 12.7 protein of kabf and 12.7 of caputo pizzeria flour seem to match up perfectly the caputo in practice is a weaker flour .
i 'm not going to dwell much more on this because i think helping you in your quest is more important than winning the 00 vs kabf argument but while we 're on the topic of wheat it is important to keep in mind that european wheat from a perspective of gluten producing ability is exceptionally poor .
north american wheat steals european wheat 's milkshake it 's not just the italians who import a large portion of their wheat .
as of right now the whole world is importing vast quantities of north american wheat .
so what i 'm getting at is that there 's nothing special in the slightest about the italian wheat fraction of 00 and there 's not a chance that 00 's italian component brings some aspect to the table that will allow it to outshine a pure north american wheat flour such as kabf .
any flour with a percentage of defective wheat is when pushed to it 's limit going to pale when compared to unblended non defective wheat .
00 vs kabf aside my first theory is that it might be possible that the kabf might produce a level of chewiness that you simply do not prefer .
historically there has been a precedent in ny for using weaker flour .
we ca n't really get into the topic of hole-in-the-wall ny pizza flour without at least touching on the history .
let me start out by saying that the history of deck oven ny style pizza is incredibly light .
the background on coal oven pizza is just unending .
in his talks on pizza history scott wiener a prominent ny pizza historian spends about an hour and a half on coal and about 5 minutes on deck oven style pies .
we know ridiculous trivia about the first coal oven joints but for foundational aspects like the flour they used in deck ovens there is so little information it 's embarrassing .
we know that at one point the flour was all purpose most likely 11-12 protein .
we also know that new haven is 13 and seems to have been so for many years .
we also know that modern ny style pizza an incredibly generic and lackluster product that i call 'mcpizza ' is 14 .
did ny ever have a time where 13 was the prominent flour ?
a part of me wants it to be a part of the canon because i 've found 13 to perform the best but i ca n't write history based on personal preference even though sometimes my detractors will accuse me of doing so
14 protein mcpizza did n't put pizza on the map .
mcpizza was born out of the ensuing apathy that erupted after ny style pizza won over the hearts of the world .
but when you start looking at this world conquering pizza and going back to the really classic old school places it 's almost impossible to tell the specs of their flour .
the slice i was getting there was unbelievably tender and a little crispy .
it was super super thin so it 's possible they were getting the tenderness from that or maybe it was a 13 flour .
i myself have worked with 12 13 and 14 and i 've worked with clients who have tested the gamut and i am about as gung ho as you can possibly get for the concept of 13 making the absolute ultimate old school slice .
right now today with the information we have at our disposal i have really no idea if 13 has any real historical significance but i 've made enough pizzas to know that nothing can touch it for the pizzas of my youth .
gemignani last year brought diastatic malt to the public 's attention and since then you do see malt being used to effectively weaken 14 in such way that it creates kind of a 13 analog with better browning abilities but i can guarantee you that diastatic malt was never used commercially prior to this decade .
between the historical disconnection and your seeming preference for tenderness i think it 's very safe to assume that 14 malt is n't going to answer your prayers .
i know your enjoy your experimentation i would n't never rule out 14 malt but right now i think you can invest your time into more potentially profitable activities .
i do n't meet too many old farts like myself on reddit so i 'm guessing the 'hole-in-the-wall ' joint of your dreams could be my mcpizza .
mcpizza my old school pie a shitload of apathy .
the end results are not really that different especially visually it 's just one blows your mind and the other is garbage .
i promise you you will not make my pizza and go hmmm ...
i like it but it could use a titch more 'i do n't give a shit ' ''
okay i think we 're ready for a few questions
what is your 00 'gummy ' dose and the fermentation regime for this dough that went gummy ?
do you have a resellers tax id or know someone who has ?
i have some close friends who feel pretty strongly that cold fermented dough loses the suppleness of room ferments .
i have to admit that i 've gone back and forth a few times on this topic and right now i 'm probably more in the 'undecided ' column more than anywhere else .
i do know that room temps start off incredibly slow and then get faster and faster and faster as you reach the target so you do n't get much of a window where the dough is at it 's peak as opposed to cold ferments where the dough is to an extent much more static and you can be a bit more flexible with scheduling but no where nearly flexible as your average use on day 2 through 5 '' online recipe i see you kenji !
to me room temp feels a bit like i went an hour too long uh oh '' vs. extended cold i get 3 hours in each direction pretty comfortably ''
a big part of the reason my cold fermented doughs are so supple is bromate .
i push kabf pretty aggressively on this sub because of the numbers of beginners here .
if you really want to chase the ny style dragon you might be ready for the big leagues .
the big leagues are when you bring bromate into the equation .
restaurant depot has a location in alexandria where if you have a tax id or can talk your way in you can pick up a 50 lb bag of the good stuff .
there 's also i 'm sure quite a few other distributors that carry pizza flour as well .
as you move into real wholesale pizza flour it 's possible that you may want to play around with a 12ish protein flour like occident .
to start though i highly recommend my go to flours full strength or the harder to find spring king .
these are both 13 which puts them a little higher than kabf .
you may want to supplement with dm maybe but again out of the gates i think you want to see what they can do on their own .
but in actuality it 's pretty much identical to my beginner 's version .
it 's just a wholesale 13 flour a little more water and steel plate .
for some reason full strength seems a little less thirsty so if that 's what you end up getting go 60 and 4 oil with that .
also if you want to try 5 oil i do n't think 5 exceeds canon but any more and you 're pushing the traditional boundary .
no need to be embarassed by the lecithin btw .
i do n't endorse the book in any way but nathan myrhvold and friends in modernist bread are adding lecithin and polydextrose to their pizza dough to improve handling .
apparently the lecithin has some undesirable side effect that the polydextrose offsets .
i 'm not running out to try this but it 's interesting .
since the book literally just came out i 'm guessing that you were doing this prior .
even if you did n't come up with idea it 's still a little impressive .
i kinda whished they treated it as a radio play .
kate and michael would narrate their respective chapters but they 'd exclusively voice characters of their gender .
this is the internet you can say 'bastard ' without fear .
i am a novice archer but that 's besides the point .
what does my girlfriend and i looking alike have anything to do with anything ?
in regards to mercy i would like it if using her ultimate did n't impact the use of guardian angel .
when i 'm zipping towards a dead body hitting my ult should n't stop me mid flight then i have to manually direct myself towards them .
if i wanted anyone to beat bama it was him and msu 2 weeks ago .
once you 've been downtown in fayetteville afghanistan is a relief .
when you run it like that it will successfully call your main function .
the bad argument error is not coming from the code you posted .
please post your complete code the arguments you are invoking it with and the complete error message that you get when running with those arguments .
by the way your if statements are useless argparse already checks that you gave a server argument and prints usage information and exits if you did n't .
your try/except statement is also useless unhandled exceptions will print a traceback and then exit the program by default without you having to do anything .
you 're just throwing away useful debugging information by having that there .
counterpoint t-mobile arena was 100 privately funded too half by aeg whose ex-ceo is funding a keyarena renovation plan the other half by mgm resorts which was looking for a new indoor venue to replace the mgm grand garden arena and gary bettman did n't stop vegas even considering how transient vegas 's population is even considering the possible conflicts of interest from sports betting being legal in nevada even considering that it never gets below 50 degrees year-round even considering the lack of canadian snowbirds in nevada as compared to l.a. or phoenix which at least could justify an nhl team in spite of having a hot desert climate like vegas .
which is n't to say that indoor or even outdoor https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1991_outdoor_nhl_game_in_las_vegas hockey ca n't be played during the vegas summer .
it is almost public knowledge that bettman gets a boner for sweet taxpayer deals related to teams or stadiums perhaps even moreso than the nfl or nba considering considering the millions he spent keeping the arizona coyotes from moving to quebec city rip nordiques .
and yet he was quite receptive to the idea of a team in vegas .
he was even nice enough to make the golden knights an expansion team .
the nhl did n't completely ignore vegas in the past though the nhl awards have been held in vegas since 2009 the mgm grand has hosted an annual pre-season kings-avs exhibition game for 20 years and there was even an outdoor game https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1991_outdoor_nhl_game_in_las_vegas when the nevada monsoon was only starting to wind down in late september .
and if you ask me if it had n't been for those ties i do n't think the league would have even entertained the idea of a team in vegas publicly-funded stadium or not .
in the case of a new arena in seattle which as you point out would be ready for both basketball and hockey bettman 's public comments do n't really plug him as opposed to a future team in seattle .
reading between the lines i 'd say his opinion is we 'd love to expand to seattle eventually if you get the arena situation settled '' noticeably praising the keyarena renovation plans even though it would be 100 privately financed .
also til the modern-day howard hughes phil anschultz has friends .
i think people who expect perfection are the ones that make us think there 's no hope at happiness .
you do n't get borders for completing the missions .
edit actually i found a small image of the borders in the page i linked https am-a.akamaihd.net/image ? f=https news-a.akamaihd.net/public/images/articles/2017/november/projectlearnmore/icon_borders.png
lol i 'm chinese and thats not one of our cuisine dishes
and gestures this commentator really has it out for baker .
a good shoulder bag can make a nice gift .
many missions recommend against backpacks and he will need something to carry all of his stuff around .
hey i 'm in it for the e6 for everyone course if there 's anything still available .
is he a virgin because he is a christian ?
also unlike many neckbeards at least he isnt screaming about how he deserves some super model .
i just calibrated as ancient 2 as first picking 5 most games .
i think they were saying it 's too late for them not to be sad not for the confirmation .
are you interested in a moon ball drampa heavy ball togedemaru moon ball delibird or moon/fast/heavy/love ball swablu ?
i was going to say i do n't have that issue with the new pixel 2 xl .
so far all of my lasting friendships have been people i met and hang out with in person but that does n't mean you ca n't make good online friends .
i 've met and approached a few interesting people online in the past who i ended up getting along with very well .
that required me to approach them though and it can be intimidating .
that 's something i 'm working on myself because otherwise i 'll be relying on chance encounters which is rare .
that 's especially true when you 're someone who does n't genuinely get along with most people well
angelology but that might be too archaic and christian not to mention corny .
scholar robert wuthnow refers to the new age phenomenon as angel awakenings '' in his book after heaven .
though i think that may just be an outsider imposed term .
maybe it was just because i barely played yesterday but yeah playing today and it 's back .
not as bad as when it first started was missing 7-10 per song where now it 's 1-2 but still really annoying .
have complained on every platform bey has but to no avail so far .
wait so does that mean if she and her husband ever have any kids they 're going to have a trans aunt on both sides of the family ?
gosh i did n't realize everything was so black and white .
why did n't anyone just point out it 's simply good vs evil ?
turkey shreds the odd shaped pieces after slicing for sandwiches and other uses mixed with a bought mole and made into tamales .
i usually freeze the shreds and trot this out for the feast of our lady of guadalupe on december 12 .
the monday after t-giving i make my late mother-in-law 's turkey hash just as she always did a layer of stuffing on the bottom of a 9x13 and browned under the broiler then topped with the leftover gravy mixed with the hard boiled eggs that did not peel well enough for deviled eggs chopped into chunks and cubes of turkey .
bake that till hot then add the third layer is leftover mashed potatoes either piped on or at least layered to have a lot of edges and run under the boiler till almost browned .
just before fully browned sprinkle on any french 's fried onions that were not used to make green bean casserole and finish under the broiler .
this is pretty specific to our traditional menu but is a perfect low key way to revisit the big meal .
chicken tortilla soup is way better when made with turkey .
according to that exact same thread boss man said that the issue is fixed .
https www.reddit.com/r/fireemblemheroes/comments/783azv/the_summon_simulator_at_gamepress_appears_to_work/doqrrdk if there is any more issues please tell us .
people asked questions they did n't want answers to .
his current salary according to sources is apparently 2.5 million china is gon na have to uo that if they want faker to join .
and even if they do i highly doubt skt will let him go .
it 's like being a wehraboo except people ca n't call you a nazi sympathiser .
hi do you use dropbox for storing and syncing your files on your iphone and mac .
it now supports previewing heic on dropbox on any of your device .
and the process to open heic files on a mac by using dropbox is also very easy !
my best female friend and i constantly get the are you together '' question .
i mean thanks for believing in me and all but after the 45th time it gets kinda old .
edit oh and the old are you sad/angry ? ''
i seem to have the male equivalent of resting bitch face .
really no crate option goes for 5 to 1 key ratio
i regret to tell you that your post has been automatically removed because you did not include a valid title tag .
do you have a question about a product or skin concern ?
the sca routine https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/sca_routine information on building a good skincare routine deciding what products to use and what order to use them in
products and ingredients https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/index wiki_products_.26amp.3b_ingredients includes product recommendations and info on how best to use a product from moisturizers to chemical exfoliants and from ocm to retinoids
common skin concerns https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/index wiki_common_skin_concerns help with a variety of skin concerns from acne to stretch marks
we also recommend doing a subreddit search https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/search ? q restrict_sr=on sort=relevance t=all for your question because it 's very likely been asked before .
if you 're looking for advice we recommend you post in the help thread stickied on the front page http www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/about/sticky ? num=1 .
that 's where our most experienced users hang out to answer questions and you 'll get the most reliable advice !
if you still want to make a post to the sub you 'll need to use one of the tags from this list https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/comments/3f0jmg/meta_list_of_valid_title_tags_and_their .
a correct title would look something like this tag this is the title of my post '' .
do try to include all relevant information when asking for help .
see our posting guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/postingguidelines wiki_information_to_include_when_posting for suggestions .
we have a sidebar you may not know about filled with more helpful links !
to view the sidebar on the official reddit app tap the three dots in the upper right corner when you 're on the sub r/skincareaddiction and tap 'community info ' .
instructions for other apps can be found here https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/mobile .
searching in the reddit app click the three dots and then select 'search '
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/skincareaddiction if you have any questions or concerns .
t-mobile does have some very light weight content filtering on their data networks .
however if you 've got a non-tampered phone and you 're on a non-monitored wifi network there 's no way they would know .
reset the phone to factory defaults reset your passwords turn on 2fa .
unless you 're an adult do n't look at porn please .
it can warp your sense of what is normal in a sexual relationship .
also if you think you 're mature enough to look at porn you 're mature enough to have some mature conversations with your mom .
on the other hand i saw a striker counter today done against me .
tomato curry leaves coriander spinach fenugreek spring onions mint and eggplant with varying degrees of success .
op if you do choose to go to uw counselling it 's important that you not get seen by mr mackay .
i wonder what their receptionist would do if you request that if they 'd ask why .
these small business tax changes barely affect anyone making 100k or less .
it 's hard to feel sorry for people making tons of money who complain about taxes .
you might want to read this article and follow the links within it .
it can probably explain it better than i can .
it 's the same mechanism behind why you should never put out a grease fire with water https youtu.be/9waqcquaru8 .
team does n't play the same without 🧀 in the game
best rendition of the first thanksgiving i have ever seen ! ! ! !
only time i ever get this is when i go to the shop tab i could get my masters degree and come back and the shop would still be loading
cargo loaders have these little wheels so workers easily move the pallets no forklift https thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/loading-cargo-plane-18399417.jpg
i guess more of the issue is that twitch was supposed to be a dedicated game streamer site .
there are already ten thousand cam girls sites out there if that 's your thing .
from the perspective of twitch though it makes buckets of cash of sense .
exploit their current base of young horny often lonely gamer nerds to cam girls ?
its not like another twitch ca n't be made and then what ?
twitch becomes another cum stained dark spot on the web that no one goes to ...
yeah i can see why these kids are upset about their platform being usurped .
why is it that when people finally reach stability they think it 's the thing to do to go and turn everything upside down ?
it 's one thing if they genuinely want kids but a whole other ballgame if they 're just bored and stagnant .
i honestly wish the combat log included organ damages and more variations
i have n't but somewhere around 10 of all kids who masturbate start out with pressure-based masturbation so this is a really common problem .
i used to volunteer as a counselor at a women 's health clinic and it came up surprisingly often not just for young women but talking about boyfriends who could n't orgasm from bjs or normal sex because they used a death grip '' or slammed their cocks into the rug to get off .
anyway the good news is you did n't do any permanent damage to yourself .
i 've never heard of anyone who did n't recover sensitivity within two months of the time they stopped .
you may even leave the shot in some more time and ferment jenkem right on site !
however you must attend the inevitable issue of the runs .
unless you 're into that then it may prove to be a very favorable condition for 1 or both parties involved .
it 's more that if the fans want a new movie they should tweet warner bros entertainment .
aside from susan eisenberg being on board do n't see anything about the cast actively wanting it to happen
blizzard should clarify but they sure as hell should n't unban this guy .
one-tricks a super niche hero who sucks in a lot of game modes turns off all forms of communication and refuses to switch even when getting hard countered ?
this guy is the personal embodiment of the cancer killing competitive positive winrate or not and he 's a popular streamer ? !
fuck this guy doubly fuck his fanbase and fuck blizzard for manually reversing a ban on him .
if they were preowned or new and unopened then yes
the real question is why the fuck did argentina even have a submarine ?
you know damn straight that if she was n't a hottie this pic would have only a few upvotes .
edit i actually just cropped it and it 's generously 2.87 .
the one way to guarantee getting denied a security clearance is to lie .
as a matter of fact i personally had a few charges for minor in possession of alcohol and a dismissed charge of burglary of a vehicle .
the only thing that held up my clearance was my credit .
after i straightend that out i ended up with ts/sci .
if i had lied about any of it i likely would have not gotten any clearance at all .
if you lie on your application you ca n't be trusted .
i regularly play with a large playgroup 8 people never less and the agreed upon house rule is you 're not allowed to combo out on any turn before 15 to 30 mins on the clock this usually ends up being like turn 5 or so because like half our group plays eggs .
i 'm the one guy slots in a time stop in every deck that has blue in it .
the civic si which is the performance model of the range is only offered in manual .
the non-performance variants of the civic come with automatics and manuals but the automatics are n't set up for performance and the gearing on the manuals have longer ratios or more gears with shorter rations for improved fuel economy .
if you do n't care about performance get the automatic .
it does n't matter it should n't matter and it wo n't be something you will ever wonder about or regret if you never had the intent to buy an automatic anyway .
everyone 's car has a job and if your cars job is n't to go fast then the transmission matters less .
your friend got a car designed for utility and therefore an auto was just fine for him .
the problem with autos is that performance is more than just going forward it is more about the ability to control gear changes quickly and efficiently .
most autos do not change gears quickly as there is considerable lag between the time you hit the paddle or stick and when the car finally changes gears .
the automatic transmission dilemma ends when there is a wet twin clutch system involved because the shifts will be considerably quicker than a manual transmission .
the problem is that getting a good twin clutch is expensive because you have to find a car that has one golf r 911 m4 .
some cars have cvts in their performance models wrx but the transmission can not hold much more power than stock and they tend to be finicky .
honestly the manual transmission is great because it 's cheap reliable and long lasting .
you can learn to drive stick pretty quickly and it only seems hard because it 's something new to learn .
i 'm going on 13 years of driving stick and do n't really enjoy automatics enough to buy one .
i have n't done so in over a decade .
if you want to buy an automatic that 's fine .
you will most likely get shit for it and that 's to be expected with a slush box auto .
but do you man it 's your money and your car .
but do n't expect to buy an automatic and get any real performance out of it whether it 's adding power or shifting speed .
i mean like in closer range when it 'll be outgunned by smg 's .
i do n't see anything in there about group chats or how to talk to people from this link .
but i 'm a bit of a tech-tard so maybe i 'm doing it wrong .
that would have given the movie an irresistible pedigree .
here 's hoping the budget is n't low to the point that it 's conspicuous .
he literally says after all this hell i ca n't lie i do wish she did abort ''
it 's just not as easy to use as the pray and spary lancer in theory at least .
it 's even pretty good at stopping rusher is you can accurantly blindfire it .
it was n't as popular in g1 as it took up a power weapon grenade or pistol spot on the map .
everyone swapped it out for the more versatile and fun boltok .
hence the boltok replacing it on nearly all gridlock remakes .
if you played insane campaign due to there actually being ammo for it it was your bestest friend .
as for public events nz examples are hard to find at a rush but a google on schools object to parents filming events '' gives some links to others .
month to month is normally more expensive than paying for a whole year so i do n't understand how you are getting it cheaper .
is the business lounge comfortable enough to work there 40 hours per week ?
even the 99/month seems too cheap if you can do that .
the business lounge was clearly not intended to be a full time workspace but is seems like more people would use it that way if it was that easy .
hello i hope i 'm doing this right all the info on this sub is so overwhelming !
issue i am 23 and my acne has just started getting out of control this year it 's never been bad before not even as a teen .
i regularly get large deep painful pimples mostly on my forehead and around my mouth .
plus there are a lot of dark spots on my cheeks .
i also get it bad on my ears which makes it painful to sleep on my side .
i 'm super new to routines since this has never been a problem for me before and right now i 'm just using cleansers but it only gets worse and worse and breakouts dark spots take so very long to heal .
i need help knowing what to do from here and maybe what 's going on here ?
why am i suddenly breaking out so bad in my 20s.. ? ?
skin type my skin is incredibly oily especially during ahem that time of the month .
i know i need to start moisturizing after cleansing but i 'm worried since my skin gets so oily .
how do i go about moisturizing with oily skin ?
current routine am i shower when i wake up and use neutrogena oil-free acne stress control power-cream wash .
it makes my skin feel less burny but a lil dry .
then i rinse with cold water since i hear that closes the pores .
pm i use burt 's bees purifying gel cleanser in the evening .
i never scrub or rub and always pat dry .
i like the burts bees cleanser because it makes my face feel so much less oily though it does really dry out my skin and lips .
still it seems gentle enough and it was the first cleanser i tried that i saw any sort of results with so i 've stuck with it .
how long been doing this specific routine for over a month now though i 've been using the burt 's bees cleanser since august i just rotate the am cleanser trying to find one that works .
before this i was using neutrogena oil-free acne wash pink grapefruit foaming scrub and i kinda miss it i think i was seeing more results with it but then again it 's just been getting worse and worse in general so i do n't know .
anything new i 've been very stressed out and anxious recently so that is probably contributing .
i drink a fair bit of caffeine but i 've been doing that for years and trying to cut it out has n't seemed to do anything .
i try to drink a lot of water throughout the day .
diet and exercise have never been my strong suit but i 'm slowly improving with that .
i tried taking vitamin a supplements by recommendation of a friend who said it helped her breakouts immensely but i got through the entire bottle and saw zero improvement .
i am scared of doctors so i have n't made a derm appointment yet and i want to make sure i ca n't handle it on my own before doing so anyway .
any advice would be very much appreciated ... ... thank you my breakouts are making me not even want to leave the house or take pictures of myself it 's awful i just want it to be over .
a dislocated ankle is a few weeks out unless there is more damage they havent told us about .
he probably wont play in the bowl but the offseason will be a great recovery time for him and he should be back to 100 fairly quick which is great .
they kill all organic life and expand and expand and expand .
the lifeless planets get made into new living places for the gems .
it 's not technically wrong because certain words evolves differently in every language an region .
try going to spanish speaking country and serve monay bread or puto cakes .
the only way to technically define the proper use of the word kawali kaldero and kaserola is for the commission on the filipino language https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/commission_on_the_filipino_language rules on it and publish the correct definition on a filipino dictionary .
how zealios 65 compare to mx blue or gateron blue ?
i 'm consider to get anne pro or pok3r .
dark is usually fine but any kind of milk/white chocolate i avoid like the plague cause my skin will break out like mad .
there is no therapy or other medication that has ever had succesful outcomes .
nothing i 've seen so far can match this phone .
ms is gon na have a tough time convincing me to come back at this point .
they already stated a long time ago that listen servers would be super difficult to implement based on how the game was built .
i 'll stop when i can spoof my gps per application or in total .
i wo n't be watching you do much of anything in december .
running on watered down republican messages did n't work so well for democrats last year .
popular among conspiracy theorists is the claim that the eye of providence shown atop an unfinished pyramid on the great seal of the united states indicates the influence of freemasonry in the founding of the united states .
however common masonic use of the eye dates to 14 years after the creation of the great seal .
furthermore among the members of the various design committees for the great seal only benjamin franklin was a mason and his ideas for the seal were not adopted .
and any team game is completely different on the pro level or in your case with friends because you no longer view them as 5 individuals but as a unit .
my death here means my carry who i know is the best in the world escaped the gank and survived will have so much room in next few minutes that this is the right sacrifice play .
of course we preferred if none of us died but oh well . ''
my death here means i will be behind and i do n't know this random carry guy nor can i control him or tell him how to play so who knows if he 'll be able utilize this to catch up or not maybe he 'll just die right after and it would have been better had i just left him to die and saved myself because at least i 'm in full control of my hero and me being alive will probably have a bigger impact on the game ''
this is what happens with matchmaking and internet strangers .
nobody ever own up to any mistake as long as there is a team to cushion the blame and no concrete stats to show exactly what was lacking .
yet whenever someone offer up to 1v1 to settle who can aim or output more damage to put pressure on enemy heals they dodge or call it childish dick measuring contest this is n't a 1v1 game 1v1 does n't mean anything in a team game . ''
as if the other side is some mlg premade coming into the game with a grand strategy and perfectly executed us no they 're just bunch of internet strangers who can aim better .
6 strangers each with individual aimbot and zero game plan other than bum rush the objective is going to beat 6 strangers with the best anti comp/strategy/grouping but only aim at the sky .
i feel like i 've just made the wrong decisions and went along with guys who were wrong for me
if you are less straight '' than you appear at first i could see how that may mean you attract the wrong guys .
one way is to use blunt honesty to combat this e.g .
by telling people that despite first appearances you are in fact a fan of musical theatre who loves to prance about .
i 'm on the regular 6 with beta 4 and sometimes typing can be a pain with the lag .
battery life is about the same as any other version .
if you have more than one app opened in the background the phone lags like crazy .
if you mean otooshi i thought it was because they are not supposed to serve alcohol without any food .
i 've found more than one player with that last name
please specify the first and last name followed by statsbot to bring 'em stats .
i probably should n't have engaged him for as long as i did .
he legit is only subbed to here and the ice sub he is a hardcore ice fan so it makes sense he is n't the brightest .
the drive that is making noises is very probably beyond recovery .
the quiet one perhaps not it might have had a problem with its electronics and/or internal connections .
i 'd try shucking it and connecting just the hdd directly to a sata port on your computer .
heck i 'd try that with both drives but the one but making noises has a better prognosis .
grade right now probably so if everything goes well and the one-and-done rule still exists he could be in the 2024 nba draft or 2023 if they get rid of that rule in the future .
i believe lebron would be like 39-40 by that time .
we have vc still playing and i believe lebron is skilled enough that he could continue playing up till then barring major injuries .
i agree why would they slow down transactions 12 hours before cashing out to cause prices to drop 15 before cashing out .
still bitrex has a 1.6 million miota sell order at .69 that does n't seem to be lifting this does n't look good .
what the hell only 37 thumbs up for this ?
6 comments below bro and do n't forget to change your pants
so if i keep losing will i have to win back those games to reach a new medal level ?
or can i just win that 140mmr and rank up despite having dropped a lot ?
the vet told us she just needed an operation and she would be cancer free..
i have animals as kids.. she is my baby .
the operation was costly and i do n't have so much money but i did n't care.. my dog got the operation and it was all worth it .
if you can stir fry in a pot i congratulate you .
you or i probably will not come up with the viable alternative because we do n't have the necessary resources and wherewithal .
nonetheless that does n't deter from our resolve to grant the freedom from suffering to the best extent we can which upon all evidence suggests that we let them go safely and stop getting involved
it is based on demographic trends and the demographic shift which societies undergo as standards of living access to medical care and other functions of modern life become more accessible .
it is a lot more reasonable to assume the number will be closer to the projected maximum population of 11-12 billion people than to think that we will have 30 billion .
miles remembers the ultimate universe so to him peter 's death still motivated him to take up the mantle .
if you can tell me how to link to the western conference analysis directly you are a better man than me .
dude commits felonies on the daily and gets out of jail all the time .
man have you forgotten who the fuck aaron rodgers is ?
it would absolutely be a game we could lose .
i more against how the fanboys prance it around like children .
i am for the practice of what they define as fine wine '' though .
improvements over time with driver updates are always welcome .
all this military mysticism of service '' honor '' duty '' bringing freedom '' the constant creation of heroism which might have even been warranted at some point in some conflicts what if you were to take this and use it for your own profits ?
why did the aftermath of the irak war go as badly as it did ?
if your goal is profit it makes a lot more sense .
every system is perfectly designed to get the results it gets .
just look at the results and infer the system .
if they heard it it happened at the surface .
and most of the oxygen on a ship like that is stored not just floating around .
first off in a submarine like this a lack of oxygen wo n't kill you .
you 'll feel bad sure but its not lethal .
what is will be the carbon dioxide floating about that only needs to get to a few percent and everyone is dead .
you have methods of removing or dealing with that co2 .
but without systems you rely on backup cans that do n't last too long .
the one week is optimistic practically it 's looking like a lot less .
if you have a systems failure you wo n't get that new oxygen anyway .
also to note explosions tend to throw out things like carbon dioxide as mentioned above .
or things like carbon monoxide against carbon monoxide you 're dead before you can do anything about it those quantities .
you 're fucking angry because you 're a tribal person .
but that 's not what i 'm saying here .
i 'm saying that 1700 years ago christians had trouble unifying .
and that maybe oppression of a movement means unity .
i already have friends with gogetas with multiple paths open lol .
it is like those magical eye books from the 90 's .
posting in this thread because the friends thread is always empty .
i 'm clearing out my friends list of all the inactive users and could really need more friends .
i 'm a light-dark user mostly using black ivy ace but i have other units most notably ravian duke nabi serestia felix mw isillia to be used as ace if needed .
if you have a light-dark ace black ivy/meta or light aces and have space in your friends list for an active player please add me up or post here !
he isnt with the girl for the sake of the girl its all he has and i highly doubt he could stay away from her at this point !
he is practically clinging to the last bit of companionship he can have ... being alone isnt easy man
yeah 100 thieves is the only team that could be good that does n't have a support .
maybe reignover will play better in the new environment .
30 left people dying left and right and we 're trying to get a sick cross in
he 's going to know everything about the female reproductive system .
aluthol https www.reddit.com/r/wayfarerspub/comments/6d5nmz/meta_quick_character_reference_2/dnbxkec plops down on a chair beside him with a plate stacked so high and so carefully with food it might be classified as a work of architecture .
do n't think i 've seen you here before . ''
... is crapple the abused step child of apple and snapple ?
but if thats what i have to do to compete with naturally introverted or attractive guys then maybe thats good ?
i 'm sick of having a limited dating pool because i 'm short and minority .
or do you think i should just bat in my own league '' and accept that i cant afford to have my own preferences ?
there 's a lot of history nerds clustered around westminster and 3 rd. then .
i do n't really care that it 's foreign .
if democracy is a decision system and the fundamental currency in it is the decisions of individuals i ca n't for the life of me work out why we are n't more concerned about newspapers with large readerships being so heavily directed by people with an agenda .
how does a random person on the street connect their angers fears needs and wants with politics ?
how do they decide the political and economic possibilities ?
how do they learn if the government is doing a good job ?
but i 'm not happy with a media censored by private interests either .
something like half all the papers sold are owned by two billionaires .
google search ancient statues of women and ancient statues of men. we 're talking thousands of years of naked women just so happening to stand in vag-concealing ways .
it 's literally where every human comes from so you 'd figure the post-hellenic humanities would n't have just happened to forget about it for so long .
i mean if you want to be sensible then you should n't assume that people talking factually about sexism is always outrage .
this is quite different from what i imagined it to be .
a coin must be completely private for privacy to work .
alice bob and charlie each have 10 clams sitting on the table in front of them .
alice has 15 clams bob has 10 and charlie has 5 .
the transaction was completely private but because address balances are completely public it 's trivial for computers to figure out who sent who how much .
dash 's privatesend is a form of coinjoin which is basically coin mixing .
a human may not be able to follow it easily but a computer can .
i think it 's disingenuous for dash to say they can be private and unethical to outright lie when they claim it 's fungible .
monero transactions are large right now but bulletproofs '' are being worked on by mathematicians that the monero community donated to fund .
preliminary reports say that it will reduce transaction size by 90 .
dash is doing a couple of good things trying to help people in third world countries but that is canceled out in my opinion because they 're trying push a scammy coin on to them but i ca n't see it being a viable currency especially with the masternodes and all that entails 45 mining tax locking up half the coins being a point of failure for instantsend etc .
if dash survives that long perhaps one day a majority will sell but the way dash works that would undermine the security of the coin and i ca n't see them selling because of the 45 mining tax proceeds and control over the network .
the simple difference is the long development cycles for the games you listed were done on the company 's dime .
star citizen is done on the player 's dime .
is that a precedent consumers would like to set ?
i do n't really care that much about seeing other peoples ' just really glad they added the bar at the bottom that shows you your own that was one thing i really wanted after playing beta and was super happy they added .
i wish that same bar was visible after game and i wish there was a career stats page .
what was done to the nazis in wwii was morally correct and should be done again .
i had that much yesterday on jp and i am grinding doors today in order to have enough qp just to level servants .
once all is said and done we all should constantly remind this fucker that his dad is a rat
italy spain france and now uk all have the discount ... i am still waiting for germany
i thought the same thing for a sec after clicking on the post notification !
i was starting to think that he almost forgot he had the commegalife account when there were posts of his dogs on his main recently haha
i 'm not sure about why the women quit though lol i 'm guessing just nobody knows .
i just played the save and i agree that almost none of the women are looking for jobs i 'd expect most of them to be looking for jobs since they 're unemployed but they do n't seem to be .
i do n't see any mistakes or anything that you might have made to cause it .
how 'd you get so much money just selling oil and shoes ?
i assume their fur is flame retardant and their manes secrete a combination of oils that combust on contact with air
i had literally never considered the matter that way .
silly question what 's the difference between mmf and mfm or mff and fmf ?
i ca n't wait until all you fuggets get burned by a multi-month meltdown .
after you 're all out of capital and your bank sells your home to move your second mortgage debt into something a little more collectible i 'm going to buy your motherfucking home for pennies on the dollar with cash and make you rent it from me if you want to keep your kids in the same school until they graduate .
that 's most definitely the gayest thing i 've ever seen .
you want i will try and mail some to you ?
if you 've ever seen standup you 've seen a primate doing standup .
i 'd try harder to not fuck up my time in school .
this should be stickied to the top until like a month after ae releases
because you think they are cool or because you are sympathetic to their motives ?
because they are genocidal and are very clear antagonists .
tora is barely a bmd and 3 acc imports and 3 non crate very rares animus is more then a tora in my opinion you dont have to be rude
the first several times i tripped i felt like a different person the next day not really bad or good just different .
start off slow and see if you like it .
as far as a bad trip if your with good friends and in a good mood before you dose that feeling will carry you through .
well i feel like my first video was almost constant haha .
i think when you 're frustrated it generally comes out anyway and i think that 's personally more acceptable .
casual pvpers who just do random battlegrounds once in a while probably love it .
more competitive pvpers who play a lot of arena do n't like it at all .
but i guess the casual battleground players masses are the true pvpers who definitely know what 's good and what 's not .
should i download the game around 30gb or just use the optimal '' game file and let my data streams my internet is limited .
not at all it 's all part of my show of generosity
the only present i ever received was a single huge beach towel in an obnoxious color .
i threw all the bags away so they are all naked now .
maybe i can crack the windows slightly open and stick them on the ledges .
i heard they like it some what on the cold side .
i kinda felt sad when i saw who was my most anticipated upcoming servant line because i have none ... .
nice survey though i hope i see the end results
i did n't realize you were coming at this from the angle of never having had the chance to work as waitstaff it probably does n't look very hard compared to manual labor .
i think you 're probably responding well by just not going to restaurants in that case .
they see her getting fucked in the window but misunderstand what 's happening .
your math is fine albeit i 'm a little unsure on the 48 hour rendering time per frame stat that 's being given .
anyway even if it was 48hrs per frame that means 48 work hours for a computer which can be spread across multiple different machines .
as in a gigantic render farm that can do 48hrs of work in a couple of minutes .
so if it did indeed have a 936 work years render time they 'd still get it down to a short few hours or possibly a day or two by splitting each render frame to a different workstation/server/gpu cluster .
you mention wargames capture the flag and penetration testing simulations at the start of your article very good article btw do you have any recommendations ?
she said she only remembered seeing eyes and then died instantly . ''
what could kill someone with just a glance ? ''
uh let 's go through the list a basilisk a gorgon and a cockatrice .
did n't even need to go to the library for that one . ''
should we do something about this like try to figure out how potentially a 1200kg reptile got into the girl 's bathroom ? ''
cool thread ik heb een geweldig idee maar ik ben niet zo handig dus hulp is welkom !
voor een andere surprise wil ik een pizzelgedicht maken omdat ze van puzzelen houdt .
ik heb al het 'potions raadsel ' van harry potter erin verwerkt is ze erg fan van maar veel verder ben ik nog niet gekomen .
re-implement skirmish and make it bette than in swbfii or implement instant action
make skirmish not solo or co-op only but with more players against bots
check r/btc they 're absolutely convinced it 's all blockstream 's plot to take people 's attention away from bch ...
my cousin sat on our pinball machine and broke it
yes you 'll be fine i have an american power cable with a converter too
but when i asked him if he would tell me when he wants to stop talking he said he would .
cant wait to see williams trying to sprint back from the halfway line
yeah let 's not start giving shout outs cause someone hopes to make a big rocket when everyone today is almost there and you ca n't really even launch regular payloads
i desperately needed more land to build more synthetic oil plants so i started my own middle eastern campaign but fucking italy wanted to 'help ' by capturing one bit of territory .
said piece of territory will eventually turn all my hard earned territory italian and gives them credit for occupation .
italy ended up having the most contribution despite mostly getting it 's ass kicked and getting saved by germany .
fnatic sk liquid imo but i 'm not sure what 's the general consensus is like .
when they genuinely want to know how you 're doing .
.or maybe just staying in touch holding a good conversation beyond the hi how are you '' phase
i 'm just waiting for the jump away from plastics .
i want to print metals and pcbs with circuit printing functionality .
soon as we get a 3d printer with that kind of capability at sub 2000 i 'm jumping on the bandwagon .
right now it 's still early days for both technologies and the general public wo n't even notice the tech until it 's everywhere .
it 's basically going to have to get to that mass market '' form factor .
it 's not even close yet once it gets down to swimming goggles/shades level it will hit that smartphone ubiquity .
we are start/over a dutch metalcore band from amsterdam with an unique mix of djent metalcore and melodic hardcore .
after the successful release of our debut ep laments earlier this year we have just released our newest videoclip for our single lucie on the 24th of november .
with this single we introduce a new and unique sound that will set us apart from any band currently out there .
we have shared stages with bands like for example make them suffer and novelists and the royal before and within a year of performing live we have built our own light and soundshow to strengthen our powerful live-experience .
he has n't even been playing well this season .
unfortunately your submission has been removed because your reddit account is less than a day old or your comment karma is negative .
this filter is in effect to minimize spam and trolling from new accounts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pcgaming if you have any questions or concerns .
damn damn damn that is one hell of a luscious body i 'd never resist 😍 so luscious i would n't keep my lips off of it😍
saw your stream and can confirm you are nr 1
thats what ive been saying oh my god lol 😂 that shoulder should be explicit 😂 said the exact same thing in my reaction hahaha
to understand your business is our part of process which allows us to alter our concepts and rebuild the designing part .
we provide various services including logo design services in delhi .
jump forward 67 years and there 's the theory that colonialism may have partly been due to the terrible quality and blandness of european food .
the spice trade and search for new staples such as potatoes was a major factor .
well this is going to be a staple on game forums
still waiting for some word on his not so 1:1 creams
for someone who hates white people you sure did pick the wrong country to move to .
i had an 81 firebird in my teen years wish i still had it .
i keep having a dream where i find it at my parents i always wake up a bit sad .
lol today i am looking for a local dude with an 80s iroc for a cool pic idea with my fox mustang .
perthshire has the highest percentage of english outside edinburgh i think but i 'm not sure how much that would skew the average vote .
i use windowed fullscreen and there might be a 3fps drop but when im already running at 120 3fps is nothing .
im even using wallapaper engine '' as my wallpaper .
i dont think only rendering the desktop is the cause for such low fps
i mean i do n't think that we need to see peter hook up with mj there 's nothing inherently wrong with having zendaya 's character be his end game love interest but if they do go for mj then yeah they should n't just make a white character not white solely to try and claim representation '' .
i am not concerned with my ability to identify with a video game protagonist .
i do not need to have my views validated by a video game and i am aware that i am not represented by my character .
i do n't mind hating the protagonist there is so much more to a game than the ego of the player .
leave it to comcast to somehow screw up gigabit internet .
according to pep he 's top3 in his position so yes it 's unusual .
the new dg models are too cluttered for me .
the nurglings are silly and i 'm not into that in my grimdark .
i worry about not being good enough due to disability also .
and i 've thought a few times about talking to religious counselors as well .
well some pointers what fun '' are you after ?
are a skateboarder who wants to skate some streets a bogan with a loud car wanting to rag his car ?
heads up if you mean drinks check the faq i built a very extensive bar list in their
i do n't think it was halfway through at all i believe the majority of jl was finished and wheedon did minor re-shoots to pad some bits out in his own words £while trying to keep the spirit of the film snyder has made '' .
i think it was only added in .15 if that 's any consolation for missing it for so long .
if a dac simply output the result of the direct conversion of the numbers it could sound horrible .
the straight signal contains frequencies you do n't want in there .
it 's called aliasing and is easier to explain with an example
the bandwidth of the audio itself goes up to 24khz half the sample rate .
that 's the general rule sample rate must be at least twice the highest frequency you have to capture or transmit .
the way a dac works the direct audio output from the dac contains both the desired audio plus a mirror '' or alias '' of it .
if the original has a signal at 20khz the alias '' is at 48-20 28 khz .
i 've used a sample rate example where it might not be but cd-quality '' audio has 44,100 samples per second and other audio gear such as older keyboards may use lower rates .
some audiophiles claim that higher frequencies are important for overall audio quality even if you ca n't hear them recording studios these days might record digital at 96khz or higher just in case .
so just to be safe those aliasing artifacts must be filtered out after the dac .
that takes analog audio components and those can vary in quality .
in cheaper dacs such as those in your phone they can be are integrated on to one chip .
audiophile dacs have discreet audio components after the chip and care is taken with their quality and the audio signal path in general .
you can fine-tune cell margins a lot more precisely in powerpoint compared to excel .
excel only lets you use the usual left center right with one setting for indent '' .
unfortunately your post has been automatically removed for being too short https www.reddit.com/r/television/wiki/rules wiki_15._text_posts_with_little_to_no_text .
text posts in r/television require 100 characters or more in the text '' field of your post .
it is recommended that you resubmit your post instead of editing it as automoderator will not know to reapprove your post if you edit it to comply .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/television if you have any questions or concerns .
nature taught me a lot of things that allowed me to improve my life
i agree with what you are saying but you have not taken into consideration
yeah i know that vid very well been practicing those licks !
too expensive for me to responsibly buy but too affordable for me to resist .
this confused me at first because the heide area was so dark .
it 's a team of writers vs a team of engineers .
if you can afford the little wing and like the little wing i see zero reason to entertain anything else .
just pointing out the hypocrisy to people who seem clueless to it .
he is still to be tested in australian sa england conditions .
had that one century against aus otherwise he was very poor .
i am m i do a fair amount of walking on my daily commute most of which is through a quiet suburban area .
sometimes a person in front of me is inevitably taking the same route as i am and i fear that they think i am following them especially with women .
i am also quite a fast walker and often overtake people but i am worried that they may be anxious as i approach them from behind in order to overtake them that i plan to do something bad to them which of course is not the case .
or is this not likely to be the case and i should n't be worrying about it ?
basically i 've just started to implement draft.js in my react app i also have graphql to save data etc .
my huge question is how to one stores content from draft.js 's state to a db or send that object with graphql ?
for what it 's worth i do have a specific car in mind but the prompt does n't necessarily have to be about that specific ford anglia .
aside from the suns we have 8 game stretch against potential playoff teams book ended by games against the celtics .
i 'm bracing for the worst and hoping for 4-4 .
trying to form hannover as hamburg own the right provinces and waiting until admin tech 10 .
however the part about having to be an elector or out of the hre is giving some trouble .
i do n't want to leave the hre as its much harder to expand .
can hannover be formed if i am the emperor ?
hi all example of some games that i 've been playing .
i own a pc and ps4 though always up for mobile games too .
need info on traveling to revelstoke for the first time ?
for new and experienced snowboarders with any questions at all about snowboarding including gear learning what to wear where to go what terminplogy is rad etc .
please ask questions in this thread and let the r/snowboarding community help out .
this is meant as a judgement-free and welcoming environment for noobs to ask any kind of question related to snowboarding no matter how dumb it may seem .
hey i 'm trying to make a script for pokemon on the visual boy advance emulator that will load my save then pick treecko and if it is n't shiny it will reset the game until it is .
problem is i 'm having trouble getting it to send the input into the game .
this is what i have so far and it is only sending 1 input when its meant to send 2 inputs .
i also do n't know how to do the shiny detection i 'm thinking about using pixel search and if the pixel of where the pokemon is the colour of the shiny the script will stop .
there also may be timing issues that may cause it to break and i need a way to make sure it wo n't happen .
i mean i know the answer is that they are fictional but there has to be an in-universe '' answer .
it seems like their talents would have been useful .
usa wow the wall was a great idea i 'm propably the first one to think about it . ''
mexico you know the chinese built their wall 3,000 years ago . ''
usa '' it does n't count they are communist . ''
• ki boost or gt links and stats boost atk or def or both for all or str type
please notice me if one or 2 are f2p i already have master roshi
edit it 's for my hybrid-str i need to buff def of ssj4 goku and to reach 10ki minimum on main rotations no matter their place .
x ki is their respective minimum ki level at start of the turn
hey guys i bought the legend edition because i‘m a big shaq fan .
i got every week my weekly pack but after i bought me a ps4pro i do n't get any weekly packs ... .what can i do ?
are the weekly packs only for the ps4 system you bought it for in my case it is the ps4slim not my new ps4pro..
ps sorry for the terrible english i hope anyone can help me !
i 've recently ordered the dark imperium and while i 'm just going to add the primaris as gifts for my blood ravens i 'm still a little unsure how to paint the death guard .
i have some chaos miniatures in a black legion scheme .
i 'm a little unsure what i want to go for with the dg .
should i be going for the greeny-rotty stuff or is it plausible enough for black legion to have a black legion death guard group ?
as far as i know they take in folks from lots of legions but i 'm a touch unsure if it is n't stretching it in this case .
even then i 'm a bit unsure what to do with the poxwalkers .
i 've seen the codex and it suggests different colours for different dg warbands .
does anyone have fluff that crushes or supports the idea ?
when i am working on my stories i usually write them down the first time around and add layers to them every day depending on my new ideas .
is there a more structured way to pimp your own story ?
keyrex level up bot bonus cd-key http steamcommunity.com/id/keyrexbot http steamcommunity.com/id/keyrexbot
each cs go key you will get 16 card sets equivalent to 1600 xp .
each tf2 key you will get 12 card sets equivalent to 1200 xp .
every 220 gems will get you 1 card set equivalent to 100 xp .
! help show you the commands and what they do
! owner show the admin profile if you have any problems you may contact me
! stats show current amount of bot currencies sets gems keys
! level your dream level calculate how many sets and how many keys it will cost to desired level
! check show how many sets the bot have available and how much you can craft
! check amount show how many sets and which level you would reach for a specific amount of keys
! checktf amount show how many sets and which level you would reach for a specific amount of keys
! checkgems amount show how many sets and which level you would reach for a specific amount of gems
! buy amount of cs go keys use to buy that amount of cs go keys for sets you dont have following the current bot rate
! buytf amount of tf keys use to buy that amount of tf keys for sets you dont have following the current bot rate
! buygems amount of sets use to buy that amount of sets for gems following the current bot rate
! buyany amount of cs go keys use to buy that amount of cs go keys for any sets following the current bot rate
! buyone amount of cs go keys use this if you are a badge collector .
bot will send only one set of each game following the current bot rate
! buyonetf amount of tf keys use this if you are a badge collector .
bot will send only one set of each game following the current bot rate
! buygemsone amount of sets use this if you are a badge collector .
! sell amount of cs go keys use to sell your sets for cs go key s
! sellgems amount of sets use to sell your sets for gems
! selltf amount of tf keys use to sell your sets for tf key s
! sellcheck amount of cs go keys use to check information about sets you can sell
i 've just bought a harmony hub and got it to turn the tv on and off using ifttt but ca n't see how to change channels or adjust the volume easily if i want to change the channel to abc do i need to set up an activity for that ?
i used to use the xbox and could say the name of the channel and it would use the guide to change .
for those of you unfamiliar with stand saturday it 's a weekly game where we each create our own stands .
a stand is essentially the personification of one 's willpower which is the power that replaced the ripple hamon starting in part 3 of jojo .
each stand 's ability is completely different to an extent from everyone else 's and really depends on your creativity on how to use it .
in addition to stand abilities each stand has its own stats which represents its effectiveness these are power speed range durability precision and development potential .
pick an artist/band or song beginning with the letter t !
for example if the dragonborn is prophesied to defeat alduin in the elder scrolls does this mean the dragonborn is basically immortal as he can not die until he defeats alduin to fulfill the prophecy ?
this bitch is doing my ass in i 've gotten her to like 10mm of on screen health and than she combos me with fire and blood and rapes my asshole .
appreciate another figure on the battlefield to sacrifice their lives at the end of the fight so i can kill her and kill the ugly white placenta swinger next .
i 'm from estonia and i 'm really into selfdevelopment .
i 'm trying to make a team to play to together and get better by playing/learning .
our team currently needs a player who can play pos 4 or 5 .
would prefer a player with small ego and is conscientious .
we are playing every day between 6pm 9pm cest .
so if you ca n't play every day then do n't bother to read further .
the main goal is to go competitive in 1-2 years .
have a working mic discord whatsapp good internet connection .
there 's zero tolerance for flaming/blaming/finding mistakes at others/telling we gon na lose etc while we are in the game all of it must be left outside the game .
have a mindset that either you gon na win or lose you will not lose your calm .
playing as a team means you have to do it for the team and there 's no i '' or me '' trying to get eachother to become greatest version of self would be our main goal no selfishness .
play times will be discussed in whatsapp so we can arrange our time and not be strictly behind pc and wait for invite to game or whatever .
friend of mine pointed out the advantages of work at a not for profit business so i thought i have a look around
most of the major charties have their main base in sydney or melboune but some have officers in newcasltle
i myself like it very much though some of the rouge subclasses are eh
after combing through a lot of threads asking the same question i 'm 80 confident i 've found mold on some javas i received last week .
they 're stored in an acrylic humidor at 60 degrees and 65 humidity so i 'm relatively certain the mold was already present .
i found some on this one https imgur.com/gallery/aujd5 after cutting .
should i lop off more of the head and smoke it ?
i plan to contact the retailer p c to see if they 'll replace the pack since i 've found traces of it on several others .
i 'm in need of some new tires for my civic .
photomode is incredibly popular and deservedly so but to make sure the subreddit is n't completely dominated by all your beautiful screenshots we will ask you to please post in this thread !
we may have a refresh on this thread every few days or so .
we also have a channel in our discord specifically for photomode aptly called origins-photomode !
we will not be deleting any existing photo mode posts only new ones .
we have enabled contest mode for this post so that every visit you have will generate randomized orders so you are n't seeing the same stuff every time
my flgs said he ca n't order right now because reaper had a packaging problem blisters falling apart bad glue and they have been swamped with returned product basically putting them underwater economically .
so i was on keto for months and started fasting .
trying to eat again and guess what i have gallstones !
i really want to get back to keto but everything i 've read stated to avoid fats .
i discovered this after i cut all that out and then tried bread/pasta a few months later and had terrible effects from it
when a character is said to be a human but performs feats that are clearly superhuman are those feats outliers even if they are performed repeatedly while the character continues to be classified as human ?
also how would this scenario play out in non-superpower settings ?
any tips on getting the tripwire kills for the mosin nagant marksman ?
picked up a 43 fde on black friday woo !
and i 'm trying to figure out what to do about grip .
ive got the talon grips on my 19 and love them but im not sure what i want to do with my fde .
should i get black which looks awkard to me or the new moss they have ?
anyone have the moss and if so how does it compare to contrast with the oem color ?
or should i just invest in having it stipled ?
i figured this group would be a good place to ask
what are the rules for mentioning real-world trademarked or copyrighted materials in self-published books ?
for an example if i want one of my characters to be wearing a pearl jam t-shirt or if there is going to be an ac/dc song playing on the radio when somebody turns it on .
or is that something that you need to get consent from the artist before using ?
i could easily take the details out of the story replacing them with generic rock band t shirt '' or making up a fictional band 's name instead but i think including the specifics would help to ground my story a little bit .
or is this some legal area where i actually need to be careful ?
i 'd like to start by saying thank you for reading my post .
like many others i 'm looking for a domme .
what i hope sets me apart is that i recognize it 's not about me and what i want .
after all you could have your pick of all the guys on here why choose me ?
and if i 'm good then hopefully you 'll reward me .
a little about me i 'm 31 years old .
i have a good job am financially independent and educated .
i enjoy music movies traveling cooking and learning new things .
i 'm very open-minded as to what you would like to get out of our relationship .
this can be local or online short-term or long .
i 'm primarily looking to push my boundaries and explore my sexuality .
in terms of kinks i 'm interested in bondage blindfolds wearing panties pegging forced bi .
of course these are for me but hopefully they give you an idea if we 'd get along .
i selected a lot '' for all the new menu items in the shops and twice now the choices were wiped out when the park was saved and reopened .
until now i 've only been pissing off my guests with a lot '' of ice in their drinks and i did n't even realize it .
my life is beautiful again and i feel so happy and confident .
i 'm fighting for myself again instead of being walked over constantly .
i know how hard it is to get yourself to go ... but do yourself a favor if you have n't tried anti anxiety meds and try them .
they 've changed my life and many others ' .
you may be able to find peace again too !
i paid a total of 70 to get evaluated and get a prescription for 3 months and i got referrals as well .
edit i wanted to add that just because others have had negative experiences with medication does not mean you should n't try to see if it helps you .
give it a try a majority of people find peace and success in medicine !
if it does n't work then you move on to the next possible solution .
i 'd like to turn my old giant road bike into a tt bike only thing is i 've grown quite a bit since i last rode it .
my position would be fine on the bike i 'd just need a massive seat post like at least 2ft out of the bike .
i know it looks ridiculous but the compact frame amplifies it
santa says to rudolph without your father i 'll never be able to get my sleigh off the ground '' .
i have n't won in a few years and it made me really happy .
there is quite a lot of modern exegetical works that refute luther 's beliefs on purely literary levels .
i 'm thinking of some eastern orthodox and even federal vision people that have written things about luther 's mis-translations .
i 'm wondering if there are any good books that are modern within the last 10 years that do a good job of defending luther 's doctrines on the exegetical level and also on the historical theology level .
i enjoy playing lucie but her kit is kind of baffling to me .
her one movement iframe is on a 15 second cooldown and her shield is on an 11 second cooldown .
she does n't have a counter like pearl or sirius or a low cd shield like oldur .
she doesnt have long poke range or aoe panic like pestilus or poloma .
she has to use battlerites to make any of her defensive abilities decent unlike other supports .
this makes her incredibly reliant on your team not being terrible while also giving her some awful awful match ups and if the other team decides to dive her there isnt much she can do to stop it .
would it really make her too op to switch her r and space or at least giver her some good poke range ?
her e has a ridiculous short range for being a single target panic .
this problem has recently appeared and i do n't know how to fix it .
can someone please tell me what i 'm doing wrong or if it 's an intentional limitation the devs has imposed on the game but it seems like the max number of battle participants that can attack with martial/hidden artes at least a solo boss is two .
i noticed this when i try to use either edna or lailah in boss battles mainly relying on their martial artes .
and ... alisha completely refuses to attack unless i stop attacking altogether .
why does it seem discouraged to pummel a boss with three people using martial artes ?
as it stands i 'm forced to use either sorey or alisha during boss battles .
hello i 'm collecting a youtube channels list about beer on my website .
edit thank you now we love 11 beer channels now .
there was this post made by a user earlier regarding hypergamy '' the point of this users post escapes me but aside from that a lot of users seem to not understand what the red pill definition of hypergamy '' actually is .
there are 3 commonly used definitions of hypergamy the social scientific definition of hypergamy the red pill definition of hypergamy and a third confusing definition that is a mix between the 2 other definitions there will be no going into the last one because it is fairly pointless .
the social scientific definition of hypergamy is fairly easy to understand to put it simply it is the act of marrying a higher individual who is a higher social status than they are for example if a prole married someone that was middle class that prole just engaged in hypergamy .
there is a cultural observation that females have a tendency to marry or date males that are of their social status or higher this does not mean that it always happens it is just a tendency so when someone is referred to as hypergamous '' in this context it means that they are seeking a partner of higher social status than they currently are .
now this is where it becomes odd because we are entering into the red pill territory a lot of concepts in the red pill can not be understood unless other concepts are first understood so something that must be gone over is frame '' .
what frame '' is in the red pill refers to the reality '' that someone lives in it is pretty much just a word to describe the subjective way that an individual views the world and not only that but deciding to take certain actions based on that subjective worldview so when you read about red pill users saying holding frame '' what they are referring to is holding a certain world view and acting in congruent with their world view .
the idea with the red pill 's frame is that you can pull other people into your frame it is similar to how a performer at a concert or a charismatic cult leader would work a room and it can also be done at an individual level it means that you admire that person or they are dominating you etc .
now the idea is that in a male/female relationship the female has to be in the males frame now in order to be in another individual 's frame you must respect them or fear them or admire them in some way which is a sign that individual has a higher status '' than you .
dylan and cindy are dating cindy absolutely adores dylan meaning that cindy is in dylan 's frame .
chad has a very impressive pokémon card collection immediately cindy is pulled into chad 's frame because it is more dominant '' than dylan 's chad is just a super-cool charming male as well .
now cindy looks up to chad and not dylan .
the idea is that cindy would leave dylan in a second for chad given the opportunity .
cindy needs to look up the male that she is dating and she needs to be in his frame the second cindy gets pulled into another males frame that male has won her over and she will leave her current partner for that male with the more dominant frame .
there is a word for cindy 's behavior that the red pill uses and that word happens to be hypergamy .
in the context of the red pill 's definition and context of the word use and the idea that females have to be in the males frame to maintain attraction males can not be hypergamous '' .
a male wanting to trade in his wife for a more attractive younger beauty or something along those lines is not the red pill 's definition of hypergamy because it has nothing to do with frame '' or status .
it is supposed to trigger some hind-brain need for the female 's partner 's social status to be higher than there social status .
there is obviously a lot more writing about this subject and this is a fairly quick way of explaining it .
here you go u/postnationalism 3 i mostly wrote this for you .
1 what do you think of the red pill 's definition of hypergamy ?
2 do you think there is any pragmatism in viewing relationships this way ?
hey guys idk if this is allowed here but some friends of mine are auctioning off some comic books if anyone is interested
smith-pelly is a bottom six forward and does his job well .
he 's not made for the top six but excels playing his game which is much more grinding based than finesse based .
on the last power play the lightning had he single handedly shut stamkos down and blocked tons of shots .
tom wilson needs to keep playing top six minutes imo .
he did very well in juniors and was shaped into a grinder enforcer for the nhl but i do n't think it 's too late to change that .
his game fits well with ovi and backstrom and and he had a great assist tonight and was all over the ice .
the mid 1500 's where the church would torture maime and kill anyone who did n't follow their rules .
my character an atheist caught with anti-church propaganda despite the usual punishment being a swifter death due to my high rank in the city it 's decided i am to be made an example of in the most brutal way .
i definitely swing towards the more intense brutal of kinks torture non-con and all that comes with it
i have no limits and am keen to hear if anyway is interested in playing this with me
offers overpay in ibuypower holos and glock fades you get to choose
! check how many sets the bot have available and how much you can craft
this is what it looks like https i.imgur.com/fmqikqn.png https i.imgur.com/fmqikqn.png
they are all level 30 or above but i still ca n't see the coupons .
i 'm assuming it takes a while does anyone know how long ?
it 's been about 12 hours since they put in my game pass codes .
they recently sent a bunch of tsm swag to him including one of their new jerseys with his own tag on it .
i just started playing this game last night and found it very interesting .
i just managed to build training camp and go explore the map .
but every encounter i met all kill me instantly .
i felt stuck i can only think of the way to progress is to keep spamming alchemy for coin and buy the skills that every 10 mins the hunter or knight come and teach ... .i do n't know how to progress .
so i just applied at the vfs application centre in vancouver where all important documents were sent off .
i got home and have realised i did n't put the ihs confirmation or number in .
why do i always see myself fat in the mirror ?
please help me get past this it 's really annoying i hate myself so much
so my brother a while back bought some new rims for his car and he recently got some tires to fit on his rear rims but has n't got the money to fit on the fronts so we wan na buy him some for his birthday that 's coming up .
all i know is that he needs 225 's for his fronts but i do n't know the other specs since i do n't know a whole lot about tires and fitment .
hope this is enough information to help come up with a couple of ideas for possible tire options .
we 're hiring at a rate of 25 an hour a ue4 gameplay programmer to work on gameplay systems for two of our world war 2 classes .
these systems include chopping trees a hostage-taking system and more .
you should have a past project we can review .
we 've had people apply in the past whose work was an absolute mess and we 'd like to avoid such things in the future .
if you have more questions please post here or send us a dm so we can talk further .
i run skyrim original with tons of mods off my ssd .
with plenty of room on my hdds i keep only my os skyrim mod organizer and mod files on the ssd but i add run so many mods i 'm constantly having to make room .
to add to that to get the fastest r/w speeds i put the ssd one a pcie adapter m.2 slot wo n't reach advertised 10gbps but that put my pcie at 8/4/0 instead of 16/0/0 .
i 'd like to add another 256gb so what are my best options for getting to 512gb ssd capacity at the fastest r/w speeds possible with the least harm to graphics card communications ?
is there a mb for my ram and chip that can run true 10gbps m.2 with a 16/0/0 pcie 3.0 configuration ?
are any possible gains so negligable for my chip that i should just toss in another slightly faster m.2 pcie ssd at 256gb at 8/4/4 and call it my skyrim drive ?
256gb samsung sm951 m.2 pcie on a pcie adapter card
seriously this https i.imgur.com/fakotnz.jpg was the highlight of my day yesterday and i bought a switch before watching this .
loved the whole movie felt the feels for the whole thing .
this https i.imgur.com/ja30vgs.jpg is a close second for best part aswell .
here at grizzco we value employee complaints and view them carefully .
by not tossing them out. does a salmonid have you down ?
do you feel an employee is n't doing their work ?
send your complaints here and we might consider it .
today november 25th 1pm est to november 26th 7pm est
soon november 27th 1pm est to november 28th 1pm est
how to use a roller during rush waves https www.reddit.com/r/splatoon/comments/6rpbr1/psa_rollers_during_salmon_run_glowfly_mode_are_op
this is the place to vent on any complaints you have over salmon run .
remember that there is usually a different albeit odd week of working shifts .
so if you can not make a day there will be another time opened .
psa as explained here https www.reddit.com/r/splatoon/comments/6r20fk/aquerium_1_ask_questions_in_here/dq13dc8 i 've been quiet busy in the past couple of days now as well as resting in bed .
but now that i have some free time i 'll try to keep the complaint box threads going when i have a chance .
i 'm sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused anyone and as i mentioned before i 'm open for anyone who would like to continue the complaint box in my absence .
after the last update loot lake seems to give a ghost effect where it will blur every time i move and leave a slowdown image .
best way of describing is any movement creates an image like you are are seeing a slow motion image of head movement like still capture but it leaves a motion blur trail of where the head was .
i recently got an our revolution email requesting contributions where it could be split amongst a bunch or one could choose how to distribute funds among the handful they list .
nothing i read in online research either made those stand out or seem bad .
but every dollar i earn counts so i want every one i donate to count .
any thoughts with specific reasons re best way to channel donations ?
been hanging onto this through many moves for the past 20 years because i just had this thought it might be valuable .
got it at an estate sale for less than 10 i think .
something about it just made me think it was ... .something .
it 's time to find out and either keep it or put it in the donate bin .
i 'm proud to present you my fisrt unity game forgotten dungeon .
it is a free hack-and-slash action rpg in the vein of diablo .
slay skeletons zombies and other monsters as you explore dungeons pick up weapons armors ... dropped by the enemies level up and upgrade your strength dexterity intelligence vitality and spells ...
please leave your comments and help me make the game even better !
crimson weave diver gloves ft .25 b/o 178 or overpay in items
i remember meeting a few girls from class at social events and then being introduced their boyfriend or partners who are in masters and typically older .
i feel like there are fewer opportunities to meet phd or masters as an undergrad and vice versa so it seems harder .
you would n't meet in class and fewer grad students go to student clubs for movie nights block parties or frat parties for example
so far it seems less common for women with masters or phd to date younger guys in undergrad but i could be mistaken .
my observations are for typical undergrad age students 18-23 so it is probably different for mature students doing undergrad who could be in similar age to a phd student .
it is probably more likely for a mature undergrad student in their late 20s to bond with a phd candidate around age 30 .
anyone know of any good airsoft area 's up/near rochester ny usa ?
the only place i 'm currently aware of is rochester airsoft '' on lincoln ave .
nothing wrong with it but i am looking to have a little variety with my buddies and i .
also trying to see if there is any fields around me that allow 400fps .
my friends and i have five guns some from loot boxes and sadly 3 of the five shoot over the limit of 350 for rochester airsoft .
i usually have to rent a primary and i have my own pistol that is thankfully within limits .
reminder please do not discuss plot points not yet seen in the show and encourage others to read the source material rather than confirming or denying theories .
failing to follow the rules may result in a ban .
some episodes will be missing from the previous discussion list and others may be incorrect .
if you notice any other errors in the post please message u/theenigmablade .
you can also help by contributing on github https github.com/theenigmablade/holo .
from what i 've seen from dallas fuel 's twitter each team has their own practice room with computers at the arena ?
do they have a separate ladder just for people at the arena ?
do they play against other owl teams as practice or even with them in a solo queue sort of thing ?
sincerely i 've spent more time with skyrim than i have this entire time on the psvr with any other game and i 'm a day one user .
i am really getting my money 's worth from this little gadget now than ever before .
i managed to equip two different weapons a laser rifle and assault rifle but they 're rated inactive '' .
could n't find anything in the manual about activating weapons .
the manual says to look '' without using the mouse move cursor .
florida hi looking for some advice for what has been described to me as an odd situation odd enough not to take a case apparently ... .was driving for a rideshare company and the passenger took car phone wallet at gunpoint .
company 's insurance sent a check for damages to car minus deductible and company desires to settle for the amount of the deductible .
i still have to replace items such as phone key cards etc which so far have not been addressed by insurance or company .
i also believe there would be a loss in value to the vehicle from the damages repaired or not and although this position was a 1099 position as is my main form of employment i have lost earnings from both .
how would i make a claim for loss value on car loss earnings as a 1099 employee my other property that still needs to be replaced ?
would that be with the company or their insurer ?
why would i be taxed on a settlement that still put me at a loss for an incident outside of my control ?
i recently got a chroma and had to install synapse to configure the colors .
however running any game afterwards caused the video card driver to crash .
uninstalling the program did n't help because it left things behind .
i 'm using windows 7 64 bit and a radeon hd 6950 .
since there are no official edtracker forum i resort to posting here sorry in advance if any problems .
i have n't used my edtracker in a long time and now there is a problem .
everything used to be perfect in both elite and war thunder 9250 sensor diy but now when i use it it has some sort of jump/delay at the end of a movement .
e.g i turn to look 90 degrees to the left it will perfectly do as expected no jittering/flicking or anything it is fully smooth however 0.1-0.5 seconds after i finish the movement it will jump further forwards or backwards on its own .
i do n't see any problems with my settings or calibrations even at 0 smoothing .
just this weird delay/jump and sometimes sluggish response as if i was using a mouse with v-sync .
i 'm going to start studying for the cpa exam and not sure which review course to use .
has anyone here used surgent cpa i 'm really considering using it .
i recently have been doing the basics for automate the boring stuff and i have got to the part about modules and i did the thing where i had pip install pyperclip .
so basically i am kind of confused as to if i need to be able to find paths to those things i tried to find them and i ca n't though .
i recently have looked into maybe getting flask installed also but i have to do something with a virtual environment i think and it seems to be similar to installing other things .
how important is finding and creating paths and how can i get over this hurdle i have watched videos and read things and still am lost .
also i have both versions of python should i install everything on both versions to keep them as similar to each other as far as libraries and such go in case i need to ever use both versions for something .
why is n't there a hearthstone version of magic the gathering 's buy x amount of sealed boxes and split the packs between your friends ?
i noticed that every time a new mtg expansion hits my friends would pool money to buy boxes and open the packs one at a time .
the opened pack gets passed around and they 'll choose one card then pass the rest .
this seems like a fun way to open packs with friends .
blizzard should also do this at fireside gatherings with the preorder pricing .
i was thinking about adding a 1060 to my rig is there a difference in hashrate between the 3gb and the 6gb ?
i want to classify programming languages based on plain text source files without file extension .
therefore i want to train a machine learning model with a lots of source code .
initially i wanted to fetch these source files from github but the github api rate is limited and therfore i am looking for another solution .
are there any datasets with a tons of source files from different programming languages or is there a collection of github repositories out there which i can download without limitations ?
if he can impose death to tiamat can he do the same to scatach ?
since as long as the world exists scatach 's immortality never ceases .
we are talking about the real scatach who is in the land of shadows and not the servant .
i had no idea what i was signing up for .
a group of my friends decided we should all take some time off together and go on a cruise .
seeing as how i had too much vacation time saved up a rarity for sure i agreed .
despite the fact that i was the only single one in the group i thought that a change of scenery would do me good .
a day in and i was already feeling a bit out of sorts .
i was bunked with a couple and well it 's not so easy to leave a sock on the doorknob of a cruise ship .
after that incident i made sure to knock excessively loudly .
i swear the crew must have thought i was off my rocker .
the boat was massive but there was n't a ton of me to do between ports .
i mean i would sit out by the pool and read .
it seemed that other single folks like me were few and far between .
even the meals seated as a group made me feel a bit left of center .
after a night out drinking just a bit too much and waking up a bit too late i decided to head back out to the deck .
we had signed up for an excursion tomorrow but that was still a day away .
instead i took out a book and set up not too far away from the bar .
i sighed and ordered a beer looking around before leaning back opening to my last page .
in the corner of my eye i notice you walking up .
maybe you 'd be the one to take it .
i bought a keyboard which does n't have the character available only through a key combination .
the key above tab is esc i would like to change alt shortcut to alt+esc .
i tried doing so using compiz config ubuntu unity switcher key to flip through windows in switcher '' .
the shortcut appears to be recognized by ubuntu because if i hold down super in the screen that appers is listed there as alt+escape switches between windows of the same application '' .
my apologies if this has been brought up before but i literally just realized it and i felt like it needed to be shared .
also my attempts to search the forum simply brought up every single daily everyone plays fire emblem '' thread .
the story of fire emblem warriors is basically the same as the sacred stones with some very minor differences .
in the game a nation 's prince and princess are twins the male being more brash and aggressive with the female being more calculated .
without warning their neighboring country that has been allied with them attacks them and sacks their castle .
the prince of that country an old friend identifies himself as on their side despite what is occurring in his homeland .
said prince eventually channels an ancient and fearsome demon forcing his former friends to fight him before he dies leaving the twins to fight the evil demon that was possessing him .
in order to fight said demon the twins journey around the world to find five legendary treasures that were used in ages long past to defeat the demon .
this realization came to me when i was listening to the prince 's despair '' https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=bndhxvl6gjs and thought it would have been a great choice of music for the fight against darios .
has everybody else realized this months ago and i 'm just now figuring it out ?
currently i 'm pursuing a degree in information systems because i wanted to sharpen my quantitative skills and enhance my ability to work with large data .
but i 've been told by few prickly recruiters that i would be less preferable than someone who has a degree in human resources .
this caused me a great deal of confusion because i went on linkedin and search for professionals who have a title related to human resources and most of them were not even graduates of anything related to human resources .
the degrees they held ranged from art to sociology psychology and even political science .
so a couple of recruiters seemed to suggest that i should 've majored in a bachelors of business administration with a focus in human resources rather than information systems even though many professionals in human resources do n't even have a human resources degree .
there you go guys xiaomi redmi note 4 3/32gb global black http couponsfromchina.com/2017/08/22/xiaomi-redmi-note-4-3-32gb-global-black-coupon-price-gearbest-2 great discount !
well me and my friends took a break from the game awhile ago for numerous reasons .
of which i only remember hi-rez nerfing frontlines to create a flank meta .
one of my friend who 's still playing the game says its all balanced now i really doubt it and keeps asking me to play paladins with him .
so just here to ask hows it going now ?
is the game any better than it was a couple of patches ago ?
if not i dont think theres any point in playing the game again .
what happened to the stupid 3p view in casual ?
was playing competitive just now got randomly disconnected midgame .
i assume this is due to the network issues blizzard 's facing right now .
i know it 's not much but 50sr is 50sr .
i had a major precognition about my future i played out different parts of my life now it 's starting to come true should i trust it ?
last night i was eating canned cherry pie filling in a dessert .
i bit into something very small and hard and it broke into pieces .
i spit it out and t appeared to be non food or plastic ?
initially i thought it was a cherry pit/seed because it was the same exact color as the cherry pie filling .
anyway i do n't think i swallowed any of it however i 'm still very concerned in case i accidentally did ingest any of it ?
it was tiny much smaller than a pencil eraser but had sharp edges after biting it ?
it 's been 12 hours and i feel fine other than worrying excessively .
recently steam chanced the displayed currency to ins in israel ins is our currency .
at first i thought that 's nice of them '' .
but then i noticed something some prices were way to high then they should be and after some research i learned that even though steam converts the prices as they should be she lets publishers put new price tags on their games .
the best example is gta5 instead of 210₪ 60 it now costs 350₪ or when converted 100 ! !
this is currently the most expencive copy of basic game digital and physical in the world as far as i know
i do n't know if stuff like this is happening in other countries but if it does then help me to get valve to change its policy so we can pay the same and fair price as we should and also be able to pay also in usd
together we can make a change and pay the fair price for our games ! !
i saw a movie on tv maybe 15 years ago .
it was set in a base on the moon or maybe a planet .
there was at least one russian character who drank instant vodka .
i ca n't remember any more details except the colours were kind of weird and it had a bit of a comedy vibe .
too bad it wont get the attention it deserves but still excited for it !
i agree for the most part with everyone else about keeping your head down and doing your job but i have my own anecdote because i was in a similar spot .
i worked for a journeyman '' in quotes because it became apparent he was not at the level he claimed to be finish carpenter for a year and a half .
he did the exact thing to me that you 're going through .
i never once said a word to anyone else in the company because i figured chain of command and all that and i was still getting paid so whatever .
however the owner of the company began to have a serious attitude shift towards me as time went by we were a small five-man crew and had daily interactions with the owner .
i was n't trusted to do things on my own he was constantly questioning me on why things were n't done on the job site making jokes to others on the crew about my incompetence and when i deferred to my boss he waved it off and acted like i was responsible etc etc .
soon a year and a half had gone by and i had not advanced in my career at all because the owner of the company decided i could n't be trusted .
i was being blamed/punished for the behavior of my superior for whatever reason .
i quit and am now working for a plumbing supply company .
i would just advise you to be aware of which way the wind is blowing and how it could affect your career path .
granted you 're still getting paid which is great but if what is happening is n't advancing your skillset or negatively affecting your professional reputation either say something or look for a different company .
please read our frequently asked questions faq page https www.reddit.com/r/bodyweightfitness/wiki/faq which includes the answer to you question .
you can try using the recommended routine https www.reddit.com/r/bodyweightfitness/wiki/kb/recommended_routine or any of the other routines mentioned in our wiki https www.reddit.com/r/bodyweightfitness/wiki/index .
if by any reason you think the faq answer is n't appropriate for you then feel free to submit your question again but make sure you include the relevant information about why the answer from the faq do n't satisfy you .
also please consider posting simple questions in our daily discussion thread or asking it on discord .
in case of doubts please refer to our ruleset r/bodyweightfitness/wiki/rules .
i have to do heavier work than before for youtube and feel like an upgrade can only help bought the 3700k 4 or 5 years ago when it was launched since it 's starting to slow down quite a bit for what i have to do .
the short deadline is because i have a friend that would buy this pc since he does n't need that much power and it 's current laptop is dying so i can get something back .
i searched around a bit and saw that 8600k is quite a good deal since the cpu+mboa would cost me around 500€ or 550€ .
some are having issues with it but i think it 's better than europe myself though that might be a biased opinion due to being an american .
having said that i will watch anything they do i love tpb .
it was n't just coincidence that the first standing armies arose at the same time as central banking .
another example for katakuri could be he saw luffy 's g4 running out when luffy himself had become unaware of when it was going to run out .
this meant katakuri could foresee it even though luffy had no knowledge at that time that it would run out .
katakuri 's coo is really on a different level than anything we 've currently seen .
i write by hand and by typewriter i recently started because i get so so distracted on the computer .
last night i was the most productive i 'd been in a long time in just over an hour of work .
so am i the only one that thinks her eyebrows are off ?
he even specified he was playing assassin wukong meaning he is interested in the way you play it not the ease playing it
lol as long its not a wukong stun i 'm happy to receive this gift
the msu game was one of the worst i 've ever seen .
are n't you thinking more of the lights that have sensors in the road for small side streets ?
the light will stay green on the main road until a car trips the sensor in the road and so the light changes for you .
and here i am with a laptop with a 2 button mouse
most men het allo at least can not see women as anything but an object due to how society portrays women honestly .
it 's hard to find some that see them as real people with an internal life and it 's likely men confuse feelings of companionship friendship for more .
there was something going around about that recently wherein men thought a woman who listens to your problems and commiserates with you and supports you is a girlfriend by default and therefore owes you sex hence the many many cases of men being friend zoned '' because they have this wrapped image of friendship due to toxic masculinity saying they ca n't be emotionally vulnerable with other men .
i 've never been friends with a straight allo man it always ends up uncomfortable or i end up being the bad guy for not wanting to be with them so .
my recent favorite thing in pvp is when me and my rando teammates engage an enemy team and then when we start shooting and i die and i can move my death cam around i see that the other 3 members of my team actually stopped shooting and let me go first so they can clean up and get credit for my efforts
nilsson is in the conversation with carter hutton for 2nd .
not only are they insane as a botlane but their the type of botlane that can absorb pressure well and do n't need jungle attention therefore peanut can focus most of his time on topside which is the exact thing this longzhu team wants .
during our last conversation when he said he wanted to maintain our connection i forget his exact words probably something like we can transform this into a great friendship '' who knows i was obviously pretty in shock i replied i will be blocking you on everything right after this conversation '' .
the only thing i did n't block was his email address because he owed me money i helped him pay for his flight so he paid me back when he cancelled .
i do n't know if you can block email addresses .
but if he decides to send me a final email i know i can handle that .
i explained it 's not respectful to the other girl '' ... which i was really surprised i had to say since he was just talking about how he was committing to put work into his old relationship to make it good .
like would n't a very obvious first step be to stop talking to the other woman who you bought a plane ticket to see ? ? !
he said but we should have a way to be in touch for logistical reasons '' and i replied what logistical reasons ?
put my things in a box and leave it at a mutual friends house ''
thank you philippines for not prohibiting bitcoin but regulating it like japan south korea and other technologically bright countries are doing .
you are doing the correct thing for your people and your prosperity and may you be richly rewarded in the future .
i 've been in their splash page for 40 minutes
it 's b for byte and b for bit .
the m is always meant to be capitalized for mega .
that is unless brits decided their units were n't bad enough and came up with their own heinous notations .
note 8 the screen got less curves so more real estate to use the screen
people who come from poor countries do n't know what law is so they cause chaos i just came home from mecca and that his it 's people stop in the middle of the road to pray but that is illegal i asked a cop how many times he forced people to move and he said he could n't count them because when he forces them to move they just wall a little bit then stop to pray .
it 's really funny how when politicians are talking about politics they admit so many awful awful things and even the good stuff they admit to they do it in an awful way .
like republicans talk about how they need to get the hispanic vote and it never sounds like we need to be more respectful '' or we need to shift our platform to be less antagonistic towards them '' or anything like that it 's more like we need to figure out why they 're not voting for us ! ''
we put damage/status tokens on the trap to track what it does .
if you have a gamestop in your area and you like to try a lot of new games buy preowned .
all gamestops have a seven day money back guarantee on preowned games and you can return the game for any reason .
meaning it does n't have to be defective you can just hate it and they 'll take it back as long as you can show you bought it seven days or less from when you bring it back .
you can essentially use it like a game library and stretch the same money really far .
i used that a lot to play with my friends on games like cod battlefield and such because that 's not my preferred type of game but they 're more fun with friends .
buy the used game on thursday or friday play all weekend return it monday i have my 20 back .
destiny 2 is already shit a clone of it would only be worse
as a reminder this sub is for civil discussion .
that 's good to know it does n't linger .
i 'm into pain but i 've never had pain administered in such a way
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
all selling and swapping posts must have a timestamp see here https www.reddit.com/r/hardwareswapuk/wiki/timestamps .
if you feel this was removed in error or are unsure about why this was removed then please modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fhardwareswapuk us .
please do n't comment with the timestamps or edit the post as the mods wo n't see this .
lot 's of intel cpu 's for sale all tested working no box or coolers unfortunately .
each item will be £5 shipping and tracked via royal mail .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hardwareswapuk if you have any questions or concerns .
support removing nmz moving the imbues to other places slayer helm onto the drop table of tasks at 1 in 5k
i think they were right about drinking causing depression .
i have n't drank since monday and feel great .
it could be worth noting to him that you did n't appreciate being compared to his ex .
he probably did n't think about how it could affect you .
i started reading the manga because i do n't want to miss anything so it 's all good .
they are n't meant to be done at all .
its always been like this the dual national players quite often get the name from the nationality that you would n't have expected especially when the place of birth is of the other one .
pretty sure they would have stopped the concert if big red was immolated bro .
but i seem to remember they forgot to put the flames out at red rocks 94 ...
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include a date in the title .
please see the sidebar for more info or message the mods if there has been a mistake .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/oldschoolcool if you have any questions or concerns .
hmm it 's a bit of a tough call mate .
but personally i 'd go for the bigger single dose especially considering you ca n't take any into the event .
redoses for myself only take me the extra hour so yeah it might feel a bit cancelled out to redose outside
am athiest no logical downside to murdering everyone i love .
it 's like the pendulum effect but this pendulum ca n't reverse from it 's anti-us/nato/neoliberal/blahblahblah direction .
let 's not assume these interviewees are n't making money of this either .
what are some online s-corp creation services reddit users that have been down this path already would suggest ?
none because these companies charge 100 200 for printing out and mailing what is usually a one or two page form that asks for little more than a few names addresses and company purpose .
but if you ca n't do it yourself legalzoom is the biggest name i 'd say .
incidentially an s-corp is not a type of entity you can form .
you can have a corporation or an llc either or which can elect s-corporation status with the irs .
just look at them and say you must be so embarrassed you said that ! cue wide eyes and disengage .
but i do n't have the guts or the fast reaction to ever do it .
we are taking the cat to the vet to be put down in 45min .
i am alternating crying and distracting myself watching harry potter and reddit .
buy a velvet ribbon tie it into a bow attach it to a bobby pin .
if you do n't particularly need performance only some very specific work just get some old model for cheap like a t60 or something .
if you need it for general use i 'd recommend something with at least a 1st gen i5 so t510/410 x201 .
those are still pretty cheap but will do everyday stuff smoothly .
but generally all these things are freaking durable so they 'll have to make some serious effort to kill them .
the dog is so excited tripping kids having the time of his life
i regret to tell you that your post has been automatically removed because it had no valid title tag .
in addition it looks like you may be asking a medical question not suitable for this subreddit .
if you have a rash or infection or a problem in the genito-anal area that is n't caused by shaving skincareaddiction is n't the right place to ask .
on reddit a better place to ask would be r/askdocs which uses verified flair to mark medical professionals .
however we really recommend getting making an appointment with your doctor .
if you do n't have easy access to health care try one of these resources listed in when to see a doctor https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/when_to_see_a_doctor
nurse practitioners http npfinder.aanp.org in the us most insurance companies have a phone number you can call to speak with an np to help if you ca n't get an appointment or are n't sure whether you need one
if your question does fit our sub we recommend you post in the help thread stickied at the top of our front page http www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/about/sticky ? num=1 .
it 's full of helpful and experienced people who hang out there to answer questions so you 'll get the most reliable answers there !
if you still want to make a post to the sub you 'll need to use one of the tags from this list https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/comments/3f0jmg/meta_list_of_valid_title_tags_and_their .
a correct title would look something like this tag this is the title of my post '' .
one last piece of advice make sure to include all relevant information when asking for help .
see our posting guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/postingguidelines wiki_information_to_include_when_posting for suggestions .
we have a sidebar you may not know about filled with more helpful links !
to view the sidebar on the official reddit app click the three dots in the upper right corner when you 're on the sub r/skincareaddiction and click 'community info ' .
instructions for other apps can be found here https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/mobile .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/skincareaddiction if you have any questions or concerns .
hi all i 'm new to this cryptocurrency investment stuff .
i tested the waters and threw in 100 into litecoin about a week and a half ago via coinbase .
it still says transaction pending '' for my ltc purchase .
is this normal to wait this long for the transaction to be complete ?
possibly pyrithriods if you 're a conventional farmer but pyrithrin is n't an uncommon product and it 's allowed in organic farming .
some of the most commonly used pesticides used in conventional farming are synthetic facsimiles of naturally occurring pesticides right ?
my male is a bit bigger and struggles more during hotter temps while my female is smaller and lighter and does n't seem to tire as quick .
i mentioned disc chargers and vandalism just to annoy people like you .
are you using an xbox controller on pc or are you playing on xbox ?
should have bought the spare '' in-game purchase for some pride and accomplishment .
if i think i 'm a tree and demand others to treat me as a tree .
everyone would assume correctly that i would have a mental disorder .
now onto gender lets say a girl grows up she hates girly things and she hates her body that does not automatically make her a boy .
shes just a girl who does n't like being a girl .
instead of getting the underlining issues fixed they decide they are now a boy .
that does n't fix anything because they are still pretending to be something they are not .
connect the other hard drive to the second sata slot and transfer them over
or by doing quests while you queue for dungeons .
gon na be on a train in new mexico .
anyone know where i can listen to radio of game via my phone ?
just making sure o'reilly had all his equipment in place .
new main stand has had plenty to spare for the last two games spare seat next to me at the front of the gorgie road stand so i think you 'll have your choice of the 4 stands .
just do n't expect awesome football been dire the last few games
right so if you can do the calculus quickly you are at least average '' and have more time to work on the rest .
so you 're telling me this did n't happen ?
funniest part is he was stuck in that position after the picture was taken .
i wrote in my vote for dayz as the take your money and run '' nomination
someone has to buy a copy first in order to make it used though .
how can i ensure communication sats are well placed relative to each other without launching them all on a carrier ?
yes i would open a bank account if you do n't have one you have to pay to cash checks ect .
find a local credit union and open a savings account at the very least .
pretty sure that one is a wig not a hair in character creation .
i was just trying to explain that mindset a little more and i feel like i 'm being roundly attacked for trying to dig into an interesting detail .
if enough people resign can it help slow down or stop some of session 's doj nonsense ?
mexicans were made by the spaniards raping native americans .
my past relatives from long ago got rape and here i am .
also in mexican culture it is really encorage to get married and poop out babies rather than get a education .
i hate comedy movies i can count maybe 10 that i actually enjoy and even then that would be a stretch .
i have a cast iron skillet i only use on the grill because my stove is a glass top .
do you think this got accidentally released and it was supposed to be released tomorrow ?
please post pictures as links instead of picture threads as required by posting guidelines .
personally i hit around level 90 most leagues and before i bought a div tab i do n't think cards ever took up more than half a tab .
i do like div tabs just because they organize your cards nicely and let you filter them but for a new player i would n't advertise saving space as a big feature of them .
still have yet to get any hyped '' sneaker in the past two years .
i 'm officially giving up and sticking to designer instead .
they have an outlet store in orange park on blanding .
i texted her and she said it was n't her .
the fan was a panasonic whisper fit '' fan they make lots of models in various sizes and configurations but they 're all pretty good .
the one i bought had a light built into the center and i think it was 80cfm .
i had it mounted over the tub so it doubled a shower-light .
for the switch it was nothing special it was either a leviton or cooper that i bought from home depot it was a standard decora '' sized switch which has a pir at the top and the bottom is a bit paddle that would activate a momentary switch you can use to manually toggle the switch to the opposite state if you pulled the paddle back there were some small potentiometers to adjust the distance/sensitivity of the pir .
the needless details humble brags kind of gives it away .
it sounds similar to that story of that guy and his dad clearing his house lol !
while his mom waited in the car because they came home and found a stranger 's scooter in their driveway .
that said i do n't understand what the op 's strategy was .
he apparently was going to hold 2 guys at gunpoint in basement while he knew the police are 45 minutes away '' .
also how was he going to contact the police ?
suppose those two guys complete with matching black bandanas !
while it does have comic relief in the tsa character the bulk of it is n't played for laughs .
it is attempting to have a conversation or at least get people to think about how they interact with others from different groups .
it is using the form of a horror movie to talk about this to have the social commentary but that 's not what satire is .
believe it or not there 's a business related reason for that where in the end executives and other higher ups have a final say on this type of thing .
homosexual pairings are still frowned upon in general by either a of the fandom or by investors so in most cases like any logical business would do cy would always accommodate them first .
second reason would be that shippings are a stupidly delicate thing in fandoms ... .not everyone shares the same ideas on who hooks up with who so devs try to tread lightly by still keeping things open to not to step on any toes .
so to do this you need a copy of windows correct ?
longtime sub lurker would love your feedback and suggestions on how to do more with my eyes to take this look up a notch when i have more time .
this look takes me 15 mins or less to pull off while my 2 month old naps .
i never know what to do with my eyes to make them pop more other than standard black liquid liner .
rimmel stay matte long lasting pressed powder in buff beige 12
lol like the steelers v. bengals is n't basically one already
to ensure the quality of our subreddit we enforce a 250 character minimum on all text posts .
if you are asking a simple question please post it in the weekly simple questions simple answers megathread instead .
you can usually find it stickied at the top of the subreddit or if not find it here https www.reddit.com/r/summonerschool/wiki/megathreads .
if you would like to repost your question please make sure you add basic information like the champions you play your rank and specifics about what you need help with .
remember that better questions get better answers so think hard !
please note that you will need to post an entirely new thread after automoderator removal rather than just edit this post .
attempts to bypass the character requirement may result in a ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/summonerschool if you have any questions or concerns .
unfortunately it has been removed for the following reason s
rule 3 this submission 's title does not adequately describe the content or its relation to technology or it has been editorialized and its meaning altered .
please use either the original headline or a suitable quote from the article itself .
if you have any questions please message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ftechnology and include the link to the submission .
bossk is as star wars as obi is ... at lest to me long time star wars fan
honestly i 'm fine with passing they are asking too much bring up a young player and let them get some game time and experience and then we can sign someone in the summer
when i started it was d d vs ad d .
i just play pathfinder cuz i got the books already .
we 're not here to do your research or write your paper
so here 's the lil baby https imgur.com/gallery/su3iy does he look okay ?
i 've only ordered once and it was like a week maybe week and a half
every korean kid at my school has that same damn haircut and they all end up looking like clones of each other .
plus that haircut is arguably unattractive on almost any guy .
it 'll most likely help you stand out more anyways
i just realized there 's a huge cut and paste issue in there .
i 'm curious a decade or two ago would these people just be regular '' alcoholics or on another substance ?
the drunk or pothead store clerk is a bit of an old hat joke going back to the turn of the 20th century .
i 'd give you a small amount per month for it .
it 's the only reason i have n't ditched the official app yet .
but i do n't see anyway to save the image ?
he 's still good but he 's not having a team canada kind of year
in the meantime i 'll be over here with my fulfilling sex life .
just understand nobody agrees with you ... having negative likes and all ... 🤔🤔
sucks for him and yeah the manner in which it was done was a bit cruel but everyone knew it was coming and it needed to be done .
the football program was going nowhere and despite new logos the whole uncommon catch phrase and repeated promises of getting better the football hogs were slowly sliding further and further into the role of doormat of the sec west '' .
it 's obvious long had been protecting him due to the speed of bret 's termination .
bielema was supposed to be jeff 's homerun hire but it just was n't working .
other coaches would have been tossed long before now .
i feel that nothing short of a complete overhaul of the program would be futile and it 's about to happen .
i hope the future of the program is better .
just like flint is n't op when everyone who has it universally says so .
it 's not about the number of churches it 's about the amount of money donated .
the far right leaning catholic churches have way more money on hand ready to donate
intellectual curisoity openness to new ideas and willingness to try to understand all sides .
slow to anger and able to deal with frustration in a constructive way .
hey if you are trying to find people to play games with and meet new friends i have a group we do weekly events also sometimes we do give aways for games if you would like to join use the link i 'll post it bring you to are clan discord so you can keep in touch and find groups https discord.gg/a2bf72a
manga spoiler spoiler not to mention that he sort of already has shown he 's not interested in being an evil dude .
could either of you elaborate on what forms of solar you consider toxic ?
and in what ways are they worse than nuclear or geothermal ?
you can post off topic/jokes/puns as a comment to this automoderator message .
for cmv '' and question for x '' threads parent comments that are n't from the target group will be removed along with their child replies .
if you want to agree with op instead of challenging their view or if the question is not targeted at you post it as an answer to this comment .
op you can choose your own flair according to these guidelines .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/purplepilldebate if you have any questions or concerns .
eventually with this logic we get to the point where it is simpler to just follow retail and remove racials .
do n't think there are n't folks at blizzard that would n't happily do just that in classic .
at least they are giving us the decency of taking us out to dinner before fucking us in the ass
this was a conference officially organized by the iranian foreign ministry with the full support of the rest of the iranian government .
so yes iran '' very much did this by any sane definition of the word .
and his point was why was insulting the prophet mohmammad free speech '' and yet questioning the holocaust was illegal in europe
you 're right a completely legitimate and non-antisemitic point and a great reason to invite david duke and other prominent holocaust deniers as guests of honor .
why are you trying to distance it from iran '' and pin it on poor ahmadinejad as if he did it in his mom 's basement if you think it 's not a problem ?
and in fact at the same time iran was showing a multi-eposide drama series on tv about how iran 's schindler saved jews from the gas chambers
i honestly do n't understand why you thought you had a point here let alone dedicated most of your comment to this weird tangent .
you do n't actually have to go as far back as the holocaust to see iranians and jews getting along .
hell iranians and israelis were getting along very well right until 1979 when the new islamist regime unilaterally decided that they should seek the destruction of israel instead .
and i 'd really not mention movies playing on iranian tv at that time .
people might look into it and uncover nazi-level antisemitic movies like saturday 's hunter https www.memri.org/tv/iranian-antisemitic-film-saturday-hunter-depicts-jews-massacring-arabs-seeking-god-powers that depicts jews scheming for dominating and morally debasing the world absolving their sins with money and so on .
a movie that was literally defended by its creator in the following manner
ethnic and religious racism has roots in jew 's nation and this kind of action is legal in their rules and they thought that they have the best religion in the world .
and because this kind of issue is limited in other countries we in iran should pay attention to it '' .
and of course that 's not even remotely the first or the last of its kind .
i dont have a macbook but i do own an imac it 's from 2012 and it still works like new .
everything is always hyped up when it first comes out..
the new beats by dre are 400 but i picked up the pair that came out a year or two ago for 200 because the price is down .
morale of the story if the brand is good you will be safe going for an older version .
hell i still have my old iphone 4 sitting in a drawer somewhere..
yeah but even those remakes are old enough to be remade at this point
i 've done hamilton in the past and it 's very similar in distance .
it 's my first time eastward bound and it was different indeed .
i always lose it when he says i want a fucking car right fucking now '' and he drops his voice super low .
as you just did by saying that you need cbsaa ?
if that is what trump did he should be charged with a crime .
sounds like your psu is struggling to supply enough power for your gpu to run at those settings .
but since i do n't wan na jump to conclusions just yet i wan na wait until tuesday and see what happens .
you think playing the game and bein good at it is enough ?
huge gorilla spent 8000 uk pounds on his team just to be able to compete online .
it 's weird how aggressively y'all are trying to argue with me when we are n't disagreeing at least i think ?
diyguitarpedlas is great unfortunately it seems he may be closing the store in the next 6-12mnths .
worst disney short yet especially considering they 're usually really good but coco was unbelievably great .
i support what i view as good films like man of steel and especially bvs .
i call out the films i personally do n't find that great like wonder woman the dark knight rises and especially suicide squad .
however it is wrong to assume your own opinion is fact .
i think it 's great that others find value in the movies i do n't personally enjoy .
just because you do n't does n't mean they 're wrong .
nice i scored one from letgo for the same price but without the pro controllers enjoy !
ts has gotten vac banned multiple times they just come back and keep at it .
lol that people are downvoting me for tipping them off on a solid move xd
so many people in this thread now know nothing or are so unappreciative .
look at it do your charting and whatever check it in the morning and see if its hit 400 .
are people still really interested in the antics of that cess pool ?
he was n't always pulling big views after his perma ban .
they have the 4 most profitable game on the market .
all these games target whales games are more generous when they need to retain players which dokkan doesnt .
in my experience if you use it as a meal replacement and drink it for every meal every day you will prefer a bland taste .
i 've tried boost and nestle 's vhc that has sweet vanilla flavors and after a week the sweetness starts to taste nauseating .
i tried soylent for a month or so and never got sick of it just could n't afford it lol
do you think net neutrality will effect the dark or deep web ?
the fact that those entities will survive will allow other factions to arise .
dns servers are not the destiny of the internet obviously .
yeah maybe 1 of those things i 'd allow but not really i do n't like homebrew but all 3 puts it way over the top .
user/formula_f300 your submission has been automatically removed because titles must begin with psbattle .
please refer to the submission rules http www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/wiki/submissionrules as to why this is the case and check to see that any other rules are satisfied if you choose to resubmit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/photoshopbattles if you have any questions or concerns .
look at the posts by the people that work at target
considering it 's the passenger-side door it does n't really need to ... or at least not to move it to where said door can be opened .
tom petty 's highway companion.. just heard it and ... i am biased but it 's so pleasant .
i do question whether or not it 's wise to bring legislation into the gaming space but there should be no question about the ethics of trying to make children into gambling addicts whether or not loot boxes are really gambling is another argument but they certainly work on the exact same neurological principles .
they are absolutely using ethically/morally wrong practices that would be considered as such in the vast majority of systems of ethics really only barring those which hold the law above all else .
would you argue that selling cigarettes to kids is morally fine because their parents should be keeping the kids away from the drug dealer ?
both parties share the fault in both scenarios it is n't only an issue with the parents .
the parents should be paying better attention to their children and keeping them away from harmful influences while the other party should n't be trying to exploit the children who have yet to fully develop their decision-making capabilities .
man it would have been nice to see k felder play in afh
brad lit into them a little after last game .
maybe gave them the disappointed dad face raised his voice a few decibels .
hvz is a game format you can google it .
just packed inform insigne from the latest sbc premium gold players pack i think it was .
that 's why she will not be babysitting my son or my two other kids that will be here soon .
i think you can shutdown your existing 800s bring up new 1400s and configure with the same ip as the 800s .
install necessary licenses and join 1400s to the grid .
if not post on the infoblox community site and someone will know .
i dunno if this is cheating or the meta but i just hid behind the barrier at the entrance and spammed axtons turrets .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/conspiracy if you have any questions or concerns .
the resolution of your image does not fall under a desktop monitor resolution a list of these is available on the wiki r/wallpaper/wiki/resolutions .
if you believe this resolution should be accepted please message the mods message/compose ? to 2fr 2fwallpaper .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wallpaper if you have any questions or concerns .
because ksa is fighting rebels which are proped up by iran .
i 'll keep running elt for a maybe stupid reason this event is so easy that i 'm using it to farm item whiz trophy .
edit thinking again i will use the same amount of items running adv more times so let 's go adv .
clearly this is just two dudes sitting on each other 's shoulders .
they should rename it to reddit ether and get with the times .
how do you respond to they could 've called it a cave man 's diet ?
i 'm afraid that 's a little too broad a question to provide a meaningful answer for s
your best bet is to just jump online play till you start losing and come back with more specific questions .
i work with a 58 yo former mechanic and about 2-3 times a month he 'll remind me how cars from the 60s and 70s were designed so much sturdier and the plastic crap they put out today is garbage .
i so badly want to argue the safety issues with him but i know it 's pointless and i 'm afraid of confrontation .
because danton is basically mikasa on steroids and later designs are too strong for tier 3 .
conspiracy folks and most of conservatives are pro net-neutrality .
only major companies and bought politicians are pushing against net-neutrality and pumping cash into campaigns against it .
i think the lighting is the biggest problem and has been ever since the early 00 's when they went for a red blue theme for their new smackdown show .
its basically a huge fu to the fans in the arena and if you look at the amount of signs now compared to back then its like less than 10 of what it was .
the audience are an important part of the show but the wwe do n't want to acknowledge that because the audience the chaos factor .
small ad-hoc/p2p networks are a viable choice for some things on the internet but you 're talking about a pipe dream .
trying to play games online would be a massive exercise in frustration on ad-hoc .
the internet is a massive investment due to the vascular nature of it .
you have local nodes that go to regional nodes to central backbones .
someone has to make the investment to lay all that cable/fiber and develop the routing equipment and make sure everything stays running 24/7 .
sure as hell is n't going to be the layperson .
isp 's are there to get the data from point a to point b .
haha i wish i was a fat cat ... poor student here who needs all the money i can get
and potential investors see the complete idiocy in what the guy is saying .
it does n't take a whole lot of common sense to realize that this company would be worth nothing if you could defeat the system by pulling off a tag lol look at the poster 's history ... he dumps on vechain and duvo because he is one of these territorial losers who thinks the coin he is holding bags for is the only one that deserves any attention .
look at him calling for his lambo because he is all-in on powr which i own and think is great
i would defend their freedom of speech if i thought it was in jeopardy .
i would defend their freedom of speech to tell uninspired bigoted blowjob gay-bashing racist and rape jokes all under the guise of being edgy but that 's not the edge .
they could n't possibly pander any harder or be more commercially mainstream because this is the oh no you did n't say that ! ''
generation where a shocking comment has more weight than the truth .
no one has any shame anymore and we 're supposed to celebrate it .
i saw a woman throw a used tampon at another woman last night on network television a network that bills itself as today 's woman 's channel '' .
kids beat each other blind and post it on youtube .
i mean do you remember when eating rats and maggots on survivor was shocking ?
i 'm sure the girls from 2 girls 1 cup '' are gon na have their own dating show on vh-1 any day now .
i mean why have a civilization anymore if we no longer are interested in being civilized ?
the first ipod held a thousand songs in your pocket so 1000 .
and how is that apple 's problem that you do n't have music ?
itunes was n't the only place to buy songs do n't act like it was .
plenty of people i knew had thousands upon thousands of songs from cds that they borrowed from their friends and more still had thousands of tracks that they made themselves .
why in god 's name would you then compare a streaming service to having an ipod ?
the ipod was about bringing your entire music library wherever you wanted in a world where online streaming was just a pipe dream .
i 've been doing more research and looked up that there were simply not laws protecting net neutrality back then .
maybe internet/cable companies were unaware of what they could get away with back then and slowly tested the waters .
by the time they realized what power they could have over our internet obama passed the law protecting net neutrality and now they want to get rid of it to test out their new given powers .
do n't use a rubber every mistake and every bad drawing is a potential stepping stone you can learn from .
only rub out construction lines if any if you want the picture to look nicer
i went with a friend to look at boss 302s when they started to be released again .
most dealers had at least a 5k over sticker price to get one .
it came out cheaper with a lot more power and options .
i saw the same thing when the c7 vettes first came out .
to not have to order and wait you had to pay a premium .
so i can believe this though if you wait a few months you can probably get one at or below msrp .
remember op is a real person who has taken a risk by posting photos of herself to the internet .
if in doubt ask yourself how would i feel if someone posted this comment about me ? ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/boobbounce if you have any questions or concerns .
come see the amount of level 600-800 players in bronze .
eye contact giggling really feeling like we are both on the same page just having fun mashing our bodies together .
fighting yoel in his retirement fight would be a very very bad idea
about as likely as them restoring my ah access by monday or tuesday .
i 'm in fairfax and street parking is tight .
i have a 2007 that had a few bumps and bruises when i moved here .
it 's paid off and runs well and the cosmetic damage is the specific reason i do n't get a new car .
might be a good call actually people who died down maybe ?
does n't happen often while playing this drinking game though p
fuck man i 'm actually a bit bummed for bisping .
did n't look in the fight at all even from the walk out .
the fact that you do n't like the game is n't something that 's worth reporting .
so few blacks in japan and this happens to reinforce racial stereotypes .
it goes beyond race because the negative stereotypes exist for the u.s. military over there too .
but japanese are called racists because they do n't want their country to suffer from the same cancers which exist in the u.s .
some of those early issues with many many reprints as well .
with basically no overhead almost all the profit for each issue goes to the 2 creators .
add in the trade paperback sales and the hard covers and it 's just crazy successful for a creator owned book .
you might be by yourself now but the more people like you that become visible physically protesting the more will be encouraged to do the same .
if it 's literally just lunch sure there 's nothing wrong with it .
let 's do lunch '' is on par with let 's have coffee sometime '' .
if you call your thanksgiving feast a lunch '' you 're doing it wrong .
i went to highschool and was friendly with a girl who is charged with murder along with her full blood cousin who is a registered sex offender and is the father of her unborn baby .
they shot a man in the head dumped him on a reservation right outside of town and dumped the vehicle that the murdered man had stole into the river .
later when the police tried to pull them over they went on a high speed chase and ended up intentionally hitting a cop who was deploying a spike strip then got pit maneuvered and rolled a few times and then they were arrested .
george soros is an anti american piece of shit but that does n't mean that you should just flat out do the opposite of whatever he wants .
that kind of thinking is what lead us to the current political climate where i disagree with him so i need to do the complete opposite ! ! ! ''
respect to bisping for saving the main event here .
could the ‘hungry lake ' be the asphalt we just encountered ?
even media you see half and half like that douchebag james reid .
i personally think it 's a conspiracy to brainwash people because it 's everywhere not just philippines but all over asia .
you get these people that supposedly define beauty and success for millions of people who then look in the mirror and see something different .
they will start to feel inferior and take on an inferiority complex .
at least these half and half women are in relationships with filipino men .
in america they date white men and get divorced several years later .
i know several couples that married white and they are all divorced or separated .
look at who runs these beauty pageants and media companies .
best to ignore these people and envision your own life and how it should be .
hey casey any clue as to when the medium sized sdks are expected to be back in stock ?
i worked as a barista for a ciuple of years and my views on coffee have never been the same .
hard to judge them too harshly at this stage .
we havent needed it so urgently till recent as there 's only been so much opportunity for the kind of abuse and blackmail that isps can actually attain now .
the we were fine before we 'll be fine now '' is a thinly veiled attack against net neutrality .
the discord is helpful but also full of some of the most annoying people i 've ever seen in any discord .
one of the admins has a loli anime girl avatar and has filled the discord with over 50 different emotes all of the same anime girl which has nothing to do with ddo by the way .
look back to this photo if you 're ever unmotivated so you can see just how far you 've come !
how would a state with 12 of the population control the nation in a proportional system ?
i do n't think guns would fit in at all even old ones .
as for mobs being harder i think actually that overworld mobs are pretty well balanced overall stats wise considering that they 're early game mobs what we need if for them to be more manoeuvrable ability to actually climb ladders/vines to come after you being able to jump across 1 block wide gaps spiders having sophisticated climbing ai to reach you very easily etc and for for it to be harder to get to the point of them being harmless iron armor is way to easy to get compared to leather for example .
the nether definitely needs to be a lot more dangerous though as due to how rare most hostile mobs are it 's pretty safe a handful of suggestions that do n't even add new models/hard to implement stuff
ghasts being buffed basically return their old non strafing ai this ironically somehow makes them easier because they try to be at eye level height with you but keep their pinpoint fireball aim and increase the speed of the fireball by 25 so it 's harder to dodge and make it impossible to reflect the fireballs with arrows .
mini ghasts identical to ghasts but they are only 1 block wide pretty much have half the health half the range their fireball explsion being weaker 10 damage on hardmode instead of 25 and does n't damage terrain at all and their spawnrate is identical to ghasts but they spawn in packs of up to 4 like most mobs unlike ghasts who spawn alone making them effectively 4x as common they can also spawn in fortresses unlike ghasts .
both ghasts and mini ghasts have their spawnrate increased by 50 on soul sand basically ghasts have a 95 chance of failing to spawn in general now on soul sand this would be reduced to 92.5 .
regular skeletons in fortresses replaced with wither skeletons wielding bows and wither skeletons with bows no longer use fire arrows but instead use wither effect inflicting ones .
magma cubes have their spawn rate outide fortresses buffed to be equal to inside fortresses and whenever a zombie pigman tries to spawn on magma blocks 33 of the time a magma cube will spawn instead making magma cubes much more common .
zombie pigmen will be changed they will no longer become aggressive as a team when you attack one of them instead they will become protective of any ores they see in the terrain and mining them will make the pigmen angry .
zombie cowmen will be added identical to the current zombie pigmen get angry as a swarm but they have 12 hearts of health and 7 armor points blocking 28 of damage they become angry when any zombie animalman is attacked nearby .
zombie sheepmen when they spawn they pick a cowman pigman or wither skeleton nearby to become their shephard '' and become hostile to you when their shepard does this not only adds backup to the cowmen and makes zombie pigmen still a risk of a swarm attack but also means that wither skeletons are a lot more dangerous because now they can have sheepmen assisting them .
i dont think i believe but i 'd like to believe in reincarnation of some kind .
that 's strange one way glasses work because one side is well lit while the other is darker so you could see people inside by just shining a flashlight through the door ...
the main point of the post is the td which ca n't change now .
that he now lives as a gay man so nay .
if true libertarian values were in place the isp monopolies would be broken up .
when you add actual competition between isps actual net neutrality is no longer needed .
i wish new characters like s06p madara were blazing awakening characters instead dog pre time skip .
i 've already played iver a year with pts character and i do n't want to play with them recycled as new units again
anything it 'll end up being better than the last 2 games .
this and with ijn trb it makes it easier to do .
it 's still fundamentally a profit based mechanism just within rules .
i 'm fine with the hud and stuff but i want to at least see the match ...
now someone make a computer in mincraft for browsing reddit to find this post printing the page
also because they do n't want to see the nasty shit that you do on your account .
goddard trying to retire bisping before the london event .
a four hour time difference and a 4000 mile plan journey is enduring enough .
besides all the top club 's managers have moaned about it at various points of time .
it 's a russian take on the events where no one is brave and no one does anything while getting ducked .
good movie but not even close to hemeer story .
and the best thing to have come out from riyo 's manga except perhaps bunyan '' continues seriously i love this ship ...
1/6 have hsv 2 which is almost always genital .
this is a good discussion of herpes stats although there is probably some confirmation bias in it
here are two what i consider accurate sources for stats
this is a bit outdated but does a good job of showing the differences in statistics based on geographic location
in terms of transmission rates for ghsv 1 there are none there have been no actual studies .
here is what i use when i tell people i wo n't give them my ghsv 1
both genital-to-genital and genital-to-oral ghsv1 transmission are very rare because of the fact that ghsv1 sheds so infrequently i posted the shedding rates at the end .
terri warren http www.webmd.com/terri-warren has been studying herpes for over 30 years she answers this question frequently on her website
have you seen cases of genital hsv1 transmitted orally to a partner via oral sex ?
if they do not have hsv 1 there is a very small chance that if they gave you oral sex they could get it on their mouth .
i say very small because hsv 1 rarely sheds genitally .
i 'm sorry but we do n't have studies about hsv 1 genital to genital or genital to oral transmission .
i get asked this so often it seems like a good study to do .
the problem would be that i think this events are uncommon so you would have to follow people a really long time to get good results and that takes lots of money .
i do n't think i 've seen more than a handful in 32 years of practice that i know are genital to genital transmission for sure .
but that 's really hard to sort out because often people have intercourse with and receive oral sex from the same person so you ca n't know for sure where it came from .
here 's a recent q a response with rates for ghsv1 and ghsv2
we do n't have data on transmission of genital hsv 1 to a sexual partner but we do have what i would describe as surrogate data .
we know that people with hsv 2 shed on about 13-15 of days people with genital hsv 1 shed virus on about 5 of days .
women with hsv 2 on daily antiviral therapy having sex twice per week without condoms have about a 1 transmission rate .
if a person with hsv 1 sheds on about 1/3 as many days as the person with hsv 2 you can do the math here – the rate of transmission should be about .3 per year .
dr. hunter handsfield is another herpes expert and he has said
as discussed in those many other threads most patients with gential hsv-1 have infrequent outbreaks or asymptomatic viral shedding .
in my 30 years in the std business i have never seen a case of genital hsv-1 that seemed to result from genital exposure only oral .
now those are not a studies but anecdotal evidence from experts who have been working with genital herpes for almost 30 years is pretty good evidence for me .
here is the information about the various shedding rates for the two strains of herpes based on location
from page 17 in the updated herpes handbook https www.westoverheights.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/updated-herpes-book.pdf
virus can be given off from the genital skin of both men and women with no sores through microscopic breaks in the skin .
this is called asymptomatic shedding of the virus giving off the virus from the body with no apparent symptoms .
the more sensitive our virus detection methods become the more viral shedding we can identify .
shedding rates vary based on location of virus and type of virus .
the chart below is a guideline about how often shedding happens .
we know that up to 70 of new cases of herpes are transmitted from someone showing no apparent symptoms at the time they infect their partner .
well the president basically told everyone it was fine to do whatever you wanted to women why would it be surprising that conservative men who make up our armed forces would not find this as an open invitation
great job for stroll '' you would expect quite a bit better with a mercedes engine
those are the most entertaining and/or powerful of the ones i own .
the half eggplant rant by christopher walken in true romance .
and if it 's streamlining gundanium alloy then there has to be an unintended catch to it right ?
because originally i thought it was just the gundanium alloy spreading itself too thin when mass-producing virgos .
and what convinces you that glory of losers will tell you more about the mass-production of virgos using gundanium alloy ?
if you did n't go to bed solely cause of yeezy mafia then you only played yourself .
how have people not realized that nobody knows when yeezy supply will drop not even the beloved mafia .
chances are only one or a few people are in charge of managing the ys website and they can choose to drop whenever they want i️ doubt its planned .
it is completely random and the only thing you can do is follow twitter/this thread .
sleep if you want to and just make sure you wake up in time or can wake up to the sound of a twitter notification
i 'll see how far i can come thanks anyway
net neutrality should have been made a bigger issue in the election last year especially with hillary being flip/floppy with the tpp over the years .
if the zone is smaller you can pinpoint him and prefire him
yeah maybe that 's why i do n't feel compelled to watch that shit .
100-120 ping wo n't necessarily make people teleport i play on a stable 135-138 ping and i never experience that my biggest problem is being killed by shit when i already rounded a corner on my end ... is rubberbanding common on 100 ping ?
take a look at a website called mind your reality www.mind-your-reality.com
any panhandler in the us can get clothing food and a clamshell .
shelter is a stickier situation primarily due to legislation .
legislation makes food charity a sticky legal issue also but due to subsidies and economies of scale the usd/kcal ratio is stupid low if you 're not accounting for taste .
virginia 's homeless are n't freezing and starving to death in the streets .
they 're dying of substance abuse violence and chronic illness .
there 's enough food and clothing to go around for those that are n't being abused by their wards like some children in low-income communities .
the consumer electronics industry is large enough that its secondhand market conceivably services anybody who wants to enter and does n't care about being on the bleeding-edge .
housing and healthcare are the bigger issues perhaps counter-intuitively .
and that i only heard about through this sub .
maybe that 's partly my fault but if this attack was in a big city like london or paris it 'd be all over the news
exactly i mean when you know what a character will do before they do it that 's called prediction which is essentially and fundamentally knowing the future as this is observation haki .
the concept of knowing something before hand is being isolated to katakuri when we 've seen
i just started to play again after a year long break a week ago and i did purchase a good couple of stuff .
people do cry about that the last black friday sales were better but what we have now is not worse or better than last xmass sales at least thats what some other threads said so you dont lose anything if u buy now and not in a month .
also by this that we have worse deals than a year ago some ppl said maybe the xmass sale will be worse too d
while i also do n't see any reason to change .
i am also fairly sick of hearing people complain all the time .
does everything have to be an example of how insert group of choice is ruining f1 ?
i would have been much happier if they had just ditched dl and picked up zven i think and im sure nobody would agree that biofrost is a much better support than mithy .
but zven and mithy were a combo package so no choices there..
i 'm currently playing on legacy only because i have no clue what 's going on .
mostly back to grind up a little before runescape mobile releases really looking forward to playing it on my daily 4 hour ish commute
i think the distinction that it happens to one gender especially when the sentance works fine without it slightly implies it 's specific to that one .
that 's why people feel the need to point this out but it 's definitely done in many unneeded situations .
technically illegal but literally every store does it like increase the price and then do a discount '' and thats how you get those 50 discounts
hah 900 more pellets per shot that would be pretty funny
yea these designer brand are missing out on an entire market of people who use android phone and are going to buy reps of what they designed .
i believe he 's pissed about the o being lowercase not the fact that it 's copenhagen .
but that does n't make any sense either because either i 'm having massive deja vu or that 's actually a stylistic design choice that i 've seen before .
russia is kinda starting on hard mode he should have grabbed ammo as well
which sucks because i have anxiety issues i know what time does .
however if you feel like you have something good and since exams are temporary let it play out .
if you 're still feeling racked with guilt and sadness about being a priority in his life then i would say it 's time to have that talk .
i 'm a bit biased as i was just dumped for what i feel like was not having time for my so .
so take this with a grain of salt as maybe i 'm giving him the benefit of the doubt .
i ca n't recommend trying to soften the blow for too long .
even if he is sensitive it can make people feel guilty later on .
considering how player numbers and activity is dropping despite the chest event .
as for what will get nerfed d-shift is one earth rite is a second guess and finally midrange shadow .
d-shift simply because it is warping the meta around it .
largely due to fact it has gotten so much card draw and efficient removal options that it effecitvely deals with not just control decks but midrange decks .
and overall the deck has almost a 50 winrate going first .
earth rite because it is a deck with barely any bad matchups and can deal with aggro midrange and control decks .
it is an incredibly consistent deck that can put severe pressure on the board early and quickly begin outvaluing the opponent .
and midrange shadow because it also has barely any bad matchups and two of those are d-shift and earth rite so if those two get nerfed midrange shadow stands to be a problem .
for d-shift i 'd just make d-shift cost more so it takes more to trigger .
with earth rite i 'd nerf illusionist and either young levi or oz
and for midrange shadow i 'd nerf immortal thane as he is a value bomb that allows midrange shadow to deal with most midrange decks and control decks easily .
i agree with you some skins are lackluster however i think santa draven isnt that bad its a good start to something better
tiki refers to polynesian influenced cuisine and marsala is a type of wine often used in italian cooking .
maybe you have n't had good ctm because you 've been ordering tiki marsala lol
it 's just that the mandate and oversight gives them a better chance of being honest than most propaganda agencies .
it happen to me one time and i was why he does not kill me ... after the drop he raped me p
i assume some of the serious ones avoid saying relationship '' because they do n't want to give the impression of being desperate and eager to latch on to just anyone they go on a date with .
it is so painful to watch stuff like this makes me wonder if guys like this even care about lisk as a project or are they here just to get rich .
we got people struggling and working their ass of each day trying to get into the top 101 ... and why would you be dumping 80k lsk knowing the best is yet to come i dont get it .
people still post them and still get on the front page it 's just that they have to be self posts with a link inside now
honestly i do n't see the point people are going to post images anyway and for some reason it does n't allow gifs either so you ca n't post a play this way
i do n't see the reason to limit people like this it 's just inconvenient
he did n't invent austrian economics or any of that .
so even mises is n't good enough for you ?
friedman sowell etc i can get but fkn mises ?
all he did was 'ride the wave ' huh ?
you 're using a lot of c style programming tricks that do n't make sense in python .
this is because everything in python which can be called by len can also be iterated over whereas the opposite is not necessarily true .
1 only embed functions if you need to i would say .
remember python is about clarity above all else as long as it works .
2 i do n't know anything about turtle so ca n't help you there .
you have the right approach this is good code for a beginner .
i think bernie would have won 2016 but tough to say as i 'm sure trump would have campaigned differently .
losing our 2 senior ots has made our oline swiss cheese this year .
yes but they have made big play after big play .
it 's hard to count on that but yet it keeps happening
over 100 to buy i think and some of them are very good .
images or screenshots uploaded through the reddit app or the reddit website are not allowed as such your post has been removed .
we only allow images as part of a discussion post or if hosted on a portfolio site .
you may submit your post as a discussion self post r/overwatch/submit ? selftext=true with some context more than just a single line of text speaking about the image .
if you 're submitting fanart you may link directly to a deviantart page artstation portfolio blog etc .
imgur posts are automatically removed even if its a gifv as we 're not able to detect which type it is .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/overwatch if you have any questions or concerns .
im not complaining either im having cravings that are passing if i ignor them long enough but none of the other side effects ?
its strange as every other time i have tried i suffered them terribly .
maybe its more mental focus or being prepared just i wasnt prepared for less symptoms .
the villain is a merchant with connections on a different continent or in a different land .
he/she intends to throw the region into a permanent winter so that the food prices raises .
when they do he/she will be ready to sell his goods which in return will make him/her one of the richest ans most important figures in the region .
bonus point if the party meets the villain early at a social gathering without knowing that they are meeting the villain of the campaign !
do n't know why but i really like using mhx from my jp friend list .
considering trump bought a house for 41 million and flipped it for almost a 100 million at the height if the housing bubble collapsing and the russian oligarch that bought it just knocked it down how do you figure ?
if anyone is partying he 's there no matter what time it goes onto
if someone else gave the answer please reply directly to their comment in order to have the point awarded .
if you found it yourself no action needs to be taken .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tipofmytongue if you have any questions or concerns .
in the near future the only discourse on the web will be done by bots .
do you know what a cover shoot for time magazine costs ? ?
tens of thousands of dollars each not including the licensing for the rights to the image .
i do not know the differences between the assigment operators in r so the choise was based on what the open source code i was working with had so i went with it .
to follow your question with another question what are the differences between the operators ?
i first thought it is ‘the room ' https itunes.apple.com/fr/app/the-room-three/id918054748 ? l=en mt=8 series from ios coming to vr
can any game ever compare to the majesty of 11 ?
i doubt it but if you have any ideas as to what might touch that decade old nerve and tigger the same feels as beating maat of or getting your magicked skull then please share with us all .
this is the place for all of those pictures that you 're eager to share with r/snowboarding but that do n't actually depict the act of snowboarding .
examples of this are selfies pictures from chairlifts pictures of your resort pictures of you sitting down on a slope vacation pictures pictures of park features scenery pictures etc .
the original author and i wanted to continue working on it but we got busy so we decided to drop it but here near its 1 year anniversary i wanted to revive it and let the people who want it have it .
if you are interested in writing the story or helping out with it leave a comment down below and we can figure out something .
link to the original doc file with notes and stuff ... . https docs.google.com/document/d/1n93v3kzp3x15_lolrdtxt2pzq-ftb7rorifpsz6ccmi/edit ? usp=sharing
saw it on ciceroreport telegram that the report will be out tomorrow ... any guess ?
i have n't seen this song translated anywhere yet so i 'm asking here .
i leave my phone on high performance mode and find the notification slightly annoying .
i know it 's in high performance mode i leave it on there 24/7 .
i want it to stop telling me it is .
need info on traveling to revelstoke for the first time ?
for new and experienced snowboarders with any questions at all about snowboarding including gear learning what to wear where to go what terminplogy is rad etc .
please ask questions in this thread and let the r/snowboarding community help out .
this is meant as a judgement-free and welcoming environment for noobs to ask any kind of question related to snowboarding no matter how dumb it may seem .
so i 'm a new hearthstone player old wow player .
i have played about 30 matches now and i understand the concept .
i 'd like to play the game more often but i 'm not sure which class or deck i should invest in .
i read about druid and hunter being good for beginners but i like rogue and shaman .
thanks in advance oh and if you ever want to play a game with me my name is cryophyte .
i prefer larger dimmer and more yellowish subtitles but i ca n't seem to get any linux media player to adjust their fonts appropriately for blurays/dvds as they have built-in image-based subtitles .
is there a way we can somehow adjust these too ?
hear me out imagine we get this amazing general of the fire nation army conquering being effing amazing and then just like that he loses his son and spirals .
we then follow him as he journeys and discovers the last dragons the white lotus and turns his back on the fire nation and sees the truth .
i 'm currently 19 and not going to college .
i 've been thinking on this for a while but i ca n't make up my mind .
i want to get a job that will pay enough that i will be comfortable and not have to worry about money lets say 50 70k/year .
my dilemma is that in order to do that i feel like i have to go to college and i feel like college is a scam .
in any other country people get college education free and if i want a degree that will get me a good job i 'll be 20 40k in debt first .
i do n't want to be in the situation of crippling student loans debt without a guaranteed job after it makes me very anxious .
do i suck it up and go to college because it 's the only option ?
does community college first make a huge difference to going to a 4 year university ?
are there other options that can get me in this position that do n't involve so much risk ?
every time i see a person with down syndrome its always really obvious because how deformed they looked .
this source recently changed their website name please update it in the app .
because of this no links are shown from this provider
i have recently bought a new phone with android 7.0 nougat bought lg phoenix 3 and migrated from an older phone with 6.1 htc one m8 .
on my old phone when i would transfer apps to the sd card in settings i would notice the apps using storage on the sd card and i would see a noticeable difference on the internal storage .
well on this new device when i transferred all of the apps i possibly could some of which are 3gb i freed up about 300mb and am currently using 336mb of my external storage .
what 's the point of having my 64gb external sd card if i can not really transfer any apps over to it ?
using pictures documents or even music would take quite a bit to fill it up .
also why does it even bother to tell me it is moving an app when it clearly does n't do anything ?
is this a known issue or is it because i bought a cheap device ?
oh i am on at t if that helps at all ...
did n't had any strong urges after yesterday i have a strong mindset this time .
my day went really great i started reading unleash the power within also spend some time with my parents today .
then worked on my business i always get crippling anxiety before doing any work whether it 's working in my business or studying .
i feel like i need to create a ritual before starting these tasks .
atleast for studying i have a made up mindset of procrastination and a belief that i ca n't do it which i need to reevaluate .
so i am gon na create a ritual of doing affirmations before starting these tasks .
does anyone else have trouble with the shade all star in the abh subculture palette creasing ?
every time i 've used that shade it creases but none of the others do .
i use the kat von d high voltage eye primer .
but i feel so heart broken so bear with me please ...
you see i have this aunt in new jersey with stage iv uterine cancer .
last i saw her she was in remission and was doing pretty good .
all of a sudden i get a text from a cousin asking if i was going to new jersey .
i was confused because no one in my immediate family asked me if i wanted to go i live with my partner but we do n't live too far from my parents and they have my phone number .
she then proceeded to tell me that our aunt is no longer responding to her chemotherapy and that she was given a few days to live by her doctor and that they 're going to visit her with my parents .
i was really disappointed that my parents did n't bother to inform me about something so important .
at that moment though i was more concerned about my aunt .
my parents never called or texted me to tell me what was happening .
she is my family too and i deserve to know these things .
they pulled this on me too when my grandma died about 6 years ago .
we were n't in good terms at the time though got in a lot of trouble as a teenager .
but we get along now and they adore my son and partner .
though for some reason i guess they still do n't feel like i 'm part of the family..
whenever they go on vacation or to go visit our relatives in the us they do n't invite me .
they do ask my older brother who is also not living at home ...
right now they 're all in new jersey spending thanksgiving with my aunt and our other family and i 'm here just feeling super destroyed .
i would n't have been able to go either way but that 's not really what i 'm so upset about .
i just had so many issues with my parents as a teenager and this just kind of unearthed all of those negative feelings that i had towards them..
i 'm just so upset and i feel like my heart is breaking .
this is a thread for simple or common training questions that do n't merit their own individual threads .
it also serves as a less intimidating way for new climbers to ask questions without worrying how it comes across .
how they met romance the little things proposals etc .
i did some research and read this subs wiki specifically this thread
i understand the book uses poor citation and that zinn is biased .
my main concern is the accuracy of the historical accounts in the book .
my value of this book is based largely on how accurate it 's historical claims are .
there is a version £100 cheaper however the ssd is only 128 gb and it is black meaning the orange wasd keys which i dislike https www.scan.co.uk/products/156-asus-rog-strix-gl502vs-gz389t-120hz-fhd-g-sync-i7-7700hq-16gb-ddr4-128gb-nvme-ssdplus1tb-hdd-8gb ? v=b
all i really want is an i7 with gtx 1070 unless any of you know a better laptop .
my best friend is a math major and i really wanted to get him something math related for christmas .
i was going to get him euclid 's elements but he went and bought a copy for himself last weekend .
what are some quintessential math books or purchasables that every mathematician should have ?
sorry if this is against the rules ... long time lurker but never posted on this sub .
anything else worth sharing/asking that does n't warrant its own post
for game threads use the games schedule on the sidebar to navigate to the team you want a game thread for .
monday 11/27 realize that maybe you should start with the basics and learn a fastball first
occasionally while putting the game sends '' the put before i release ...
my device is otherwise fine that i know of screen intact etc..
i was very excited to see how this week would turn out .
congrats to the 10 of you who have made it to next weeks snatch game !
i know that some of do not understand how each week is completed .
if anyone has any questions on how this works message me and i 'll explain it !
it 's hard to estimate when iota is going to go mainstream but it will all depend on how quickly companies will adopt iota for their projects and how many exchanges will trade iota .
it might just take one big player who comes in and enforces the entire world to use it but that 's not so likely .
i see a few major problems that are limiting the growth of it all .
➊ firstly the language that 's used in most promotional materials/blogs etc .
well the humans you see walking down the street .
it 's all jargon and dev terms that are hard for an everyday-folk to decipher .
i would recommend iota to employ a few pr/marketing people to sort this out .
in all honesty i do n't think it 's bad it 's just not made for humans .
just to get going requires you to know about nodes and other crap people do n't know and do n't ever want to know about .
the bloody thing is not even available for download on their official website ! ?
😳 anybody who is not a coder finds github to be off their limits .
➌ thirdly iota is not so easy to acquire .
it takes one to register on an exchange to get verified to navigate the charts to try to figure out the difference in between types of orders to buy it to transfer it back to their own wallet and then some .
now if iota improved or eliminated all three of these pain points the sky would be the limit .
personally i do n't understand why an organisation with this much budget and reach can not resolve such seemingly simple things .
this post might be slightly subjective but i 've seen people complaining about these things endlessly .
is there a law against keeping ones personal property in the office ?
as a community we should all vow our allegiance to one of the factions in the upcoming faction war .
decent at pvp but i 'm a filthy casual .
i 'm reading walter kauffman 's nietzsche philosopher psychologist antichrist '' and i always want to post pics and excerpts that are really relevant to his philosophy so i could maybe connect and hear opinions on it .
ive posted a couple times there but it seems to be more of a political climate and less about his philosophical/psychological ideas .
it seems that no matter what they do the tau just get tons of irrational hate .
no way they could ever match the might of the imperium ! ''
tau losing they are nothing before the might of the imperium !
tau being noblebright wow they do n't belong in the setting at all ! ''
they are nothing but vile xenos after all ! ''
tau being prideful wow what an arrogant race ! ''
i 'm beginning to suspect that this does n't have anything to do with plot armor or their place in the setting at all .
rather that the fact such a prosperous and functioning alien civilization exists irks a lot of the humanity fuck yea types .
cause the tau ca n't just be written off as a horrifying threat from beyond that ca n't be reasoned with .
and if thats the case then maybe not everything the imperium or humanity does is being done the right way .
then maybe humanity does n't really have the moral high ground after all
idk i 'm a huge space marine fan but the hate these guys get is turning me into a bit of a hardcore tau sympathizer .
note i am aware such a hypocritical attitude could plausibly come from imperials in-universe but i do n't understand how its coming from the fans .
it 's the most fun thing for me in this game and everytime i try to play with my friends we ca n't find any game .
also when playing alone there is a lot of queue time .
i really love hole wrecking after posting about this before r/holewreckers is my new favourite subreddit .
whether i 'm the one being stretched or if i 've got my fist deep inside some cute girl or guy i 'm enjoying myself .
i prefer chatting about it since i find that easier than roleplaying but i just really want to talk with people with similar kinks .
i like going to extremes with stretching and my imagination always ends up going beyond anything that could realistically happen and even though it in the real world i still tend to take things a little too far at times when i get really turned on .
no limits that i know of but that may change if someone asks about something really crazy. guys do n't bother trying to dom me or help me ruin my holes .
maybe i 'm just not submissive enough but most of you just sound like a bad joke when you try being dominant and you 're way too late to help me ruin my holes one finger at a time .
i prefer chatting mostly about fantasies and experiences but anyone that enjoys hole wrecking feel free to message me .
i 'm going to be online all day so do n't worry about being too late i 'll probably still be here .
a year or two ago i read a book about this guy who gets abducted and then the main character claims he was the kidnapped one .
the parents are happy but the brother is suspicious and tries to disprove it even though everyone is discouraging him .
he looks through old photos and finds that the mc has a different earlobe type but people say that he went too far photoshop just to prove his point .
at the end the police visits their house and tell them that the original kidnapped guy is dead corpse tested with dna .
the mc fooled himself into thinking he was the original guy .
all it does is change the volume of the alarm while it 's going off .
i 've never really been into the genre being a total wuss but i kinda want to jump in .
i 'm looking for something more atmospheric and creepy than pure jump scares .
i 'm after something with good visuals and voice acting with a solid story if possible .
carolina panthers vs. new york jets live stream free nfl football on reddit
i do n't think it should be too terrible to find i hope but i just suck really bad at finding these things .
i really like listening to him because he has this unique humor and uses this weird echo effect when he rants .
when you 're god you immediately gain all worldly knowledge good and bad and you 'll retain that information after you 're done being god .
you can not stop god from becoming god again after the week is up .
wingspan is lowest for open shots to prevent double teams on teammates..
i 'm fine scoring 0 ppg with this character .
several papers such as variational lossey autoencoder by kingma and others say that if the decoder is sufficiently powerful then the training objective can be solved with a dumb strategy the encoder always produces p z regardless of the data and the decoder always produces p x regardless of z .
the paper neural discrete representation learning from van den oord and others from deepmind calls this posterior collapse '' .
the decoder is deterministic so in order to match different data it needs a source of variability and the latent is the only source available .
if the decoder ignored z it would always produce the same thing regardless of the input which would result in high error .
edit last sentence should be if the decoder ignores the latent it will produce output that does not resemble the input which would result in high error '' .
as the responses point out saying that the decoder always produces the same thing is wrong .
if your confused on what this is it 's from marble blast ultra part 3
fl buddy owns a small used car dealership sold a vehicle to an out of state customer who used a stolen credit card to fund the purchase .
the payment was processed by buddy 's payment processor third party company and funds paid to buddy .
the credit card company eventually declined the transaction probably once reported stolen and now the payment processor is out the 7k and demanding reimbursement from buddy .
they claim that the contract between them places the loss with the vendor and that they will send him to collections in ten days if he does n't give them the 7k .
he did call the police when he was first notified of the stolen card they came out and told him that there 's nothing they can do it 's a civil matter and did n't even write up a police report .
i just read someone on the cf board who lied to their boss about being infertile to try to get out of being bingo-ed .
obviously idiots lying about being infertile to avoid a child free convo irritates me would they borrow someone else 's medical condition ?
not likely but hey infertile people do n't matter .
but the hilarious thing is now their boss is harassing them with i 'm praying for you '' and the like .
going on and on about it and now the liar is all wah wut do ?
that 's what you get for being an asshole who borrows real awful medical problems because you 're too much of a coward to speak up for yourself .
if all of our protesting and outrage fails and the fcc approves the net neutrality repeal most likely it seems will there be a good chance that the litigation process strikes down the appeal ?
i 'm really scared about my future as a programmer once i get my degree .
dude does n't realize he is being seeded because he has a cock in his mouth or is otherwise dick-stracted by another guy .
watch™.live texas a m vs lsu live stream ncaa 2017 on reddit
texas a m vs lsu live stream ncaa 2017 on reddittexas a m vs lsu live stream ncaa 2017 on reddittexas a m vs lsu live stream ncaa 2017 on reddit
texas a m vs lsu live stream ncaa 2017 on reddit
why are you proud of the fact that you can take a dick up the asshole ?
i 'm sure some ca n't handle it but i think i could .
it would be hard for me to enjoy it though which i guess is something to be prideful of .
so maybe i 'm wrong i do n't know .
but then again i 've never tried it before so how could i know whether or not i would enjoy it ?
but then again i guess having ass sex is n't really a requirement to being gay .
but then again is that something to be proud of ?
i could close my eyes and get oral sex from a guy and not even know it .
lets find things that are okay to be proud of and compare that to gay things
killing a man with your bare hands or having sex with a man ?
that 's a subjective opinion but in my subjective opinion i would say that it takes a lot more skill to take down someone with only your hands .
if i had to pick an activity that is equal to having sex with a man in the level of justifiable pride i would probably pick being able to solve a rubiks cube .
but what would you rather do go up to a guy and say you can solve a rubiks cube in under a minute or say you can get fucked in the ass ?
so with this in mind do n't gay pride parades seem a little strange to you ?
there are no killing people with your bare hands parades .
but there are parades all around the nation focusing on doing gay things .
i have no issues with gays i have friends that are gay but in my honest opinion we 've gone too far with this and we just need to tone it down a bit .
not too young ahem not too thick too skinny just perfectly .
him paul renaud stephen segovia are my top 3 favorite vampi cover artists .
i am only 3 days away from making it to 21 days after relapsing every 3 days or so .
you have to give yourself completely to christ you have to completely trust him to guide you through it or else you will get nowhere .
salvation can only come through him make his job easier and offer yourself .
max level up bot bonus cd-key http steamcommunity.com/id/maxlevelupbot http steamcommunity.com/id/maxlevelupbot
each cs go key you will get 16 card sets equivalent to 1600 xp .
each tf2 key you will get 12 card sets equivalent to 1200 xp .
every 220 gems will get you 1 card set equivalent to 100 xp .
! help show you the commands and what they do
! owner show the admin profile if you have any problems you may contact me
! stats show current amount of bot currencies sets gems keys
! level your dream level calculate how many sets and how many keys it will cost to desired level
! check show how many sets the bot have available and how much you can craft
! check amount show how many sets and which level you would reach for a specific amount of keys
! checktf amount show how many sets and which level you would reach for a specific amount of keys
! checkgems amount show how many sets and which level you would reach for a specific amount of gems
! buy amount of cs go keys use to buy that amount of cs go keys for sets you dont have following the current bot rate
! buytf amount of tf keys use to buy that amount of tf keys for sets you dont have following the current bot rate
! buygems amount of sets use to buy that amount of sets for gems following the current bot rate
! buyany amount of cs go keys use to buy that amount of cs go keys for any sets following the current bot rate
! buyone amount of cs go keys use this if you are a badge collector .
bot will send only one set of each game following the current bot rate
! buyonetf amount of tf keys use this if you are a badge collector .
bot will send only one set of each game following the current bot rate
! buygemsone amount of sets use this if you are a badge collector .
! sell amount of cs go keys use to sell your sets for cs go key s
! sellgems amount of sets use to sell your sets for gems
! selltf amount of tf keys use to sell your sets for tf key s
! sellcheck amount of cs go keys use to check information about sets you can sell
no deep analysis this time because there 's not exactly much to take from raven and yang 's exchange .
not just about you and not just what i 've been told but things i 've seen with my own eyes .
i know the grimm have a leader i know people who can come back from the dead i know magic is real .
qrow and raven both got turned into their respective birds by ozpin .
a lot of people are saying that ozpin was the wizard that bestowed the maidens their powers long time ago .
are maidens considered to have magic or powers ? cleared up in the comments see v3c6 .
as for seeing/knowing people who can come back from the dead is raven alluding to something like pyrrha-dead or ozpin-merging-souls-dead ?
if it 's not ozpin who else do you think it could have been ?
what 's everybody 's take on the dead resurrecting magic that we have n't seen yet and what else raven is keeping in the dark ?
edit no right or wrong answers raven is so extremely vague that there 's so much room for interpretation .
if not what experience do you have owning/training dogs ?
not my first dog but my first dog was a long time ago .
she was a grand champion english cocker spaniel who also excelled at obedience .
we took her in when her owner had lost his job and was unable to find anyone to take her but the local kill shelter .
she was desperately afraid of strange men and would resource guard her food .
she always was somewhat afraid of men but she did n't bite or attack .
she had to be put to sleep at the age of 17 .
2 do you have a preference for rescuing a dog vs. going through a reputable breeder http ownresponsibly.blogspot.com/2011/07/identifying-reputable-breeder.html ?
i would be very wary of rescuing a dog but might consider if i knew enough about the history .
i 'm more interested in a puppy or young dog from a reputable breeder .
i want a dog friend who will be an excellent family pet but wo n't hesitate to be protective if unwelcome strangers give us trouble .
i do want the dog to be able to have an off switch to high drive or energy at times .
i understand the high amount of training and care this would require .
4 what breeds or types of dogs are you interested in and why ?
i mainly am interested in medium or large working dogs .
i have a soft spot for german shepherds but do n't want to select a breed based solely on emotion .
i 'm open to other types of dogs but i 'm not remotely interested in toy or small dogs .
5 what sorts of things would you like to train your dog to do ?
i want to be able to train a dog to have excellent obedience skills .
i want the dog to heel when walking with me as i ca n't stand seeing dogs on long flexi leashes pulling their frazzled owners everywhere .
i would love to train a dog to have good recall off leash but i 'm not planning to have a dog off leash unless we are at home .
the seattle area has a lot of excellent fenced dog parks so maybe i can take my dog .
6 how long do you want to devote to training playing with or otherwise interacting with your dog each day ?
a few hours a day but always have dog around when i 'm at home
7 how long can you exercise your dog each day on average ?
what sorts of exercise are you planning to give your dog regularly and does that include using a dog park ?
good hard exercise i would be able to do for at least an hour a day if not more .
on my work days i would be able to do one hour .
8 how much regular brushing are you willing to do ?
are you open to trimming hair cleaning ears or doing other grooming at home ?
if not would you be willing to pay a professional to do it regularly ?
i would want to brush fur and teeth daily .
i am not interested in shaving my dog or keeping it in a puppy cut .
my english cocker was kept in a show cut and we paid a groomer to do that .
maybe i would prefer not to have to do intense grooming like that frequently .
afghan hounds are beautiful but too much grooming for me .
10 how much shedding barking and slobber can you handle ?
some barking ok but i want to be able to train the dog to stop when it 's not required .
i would like it if the dog would bark to let me know if strangers have entered the yard .
11 how important is being able to let your dog off-leash in an unfenced area ?
i 'm thinking a sighthound that could never be trusted off leash might be going too far .
i would want to be able to recall the dog off leash if the leash broke for example .
i do plan on playing with my dog in my one acre fenced yard .
12 do you want a snuggly dog or one that prefers some personal space ?
i want a dog who likes being together but can live without being on top of me at every moment .
i do n't plan for the dog to be on the furniture or beds .
13 would you prefer a dog that wants to do its own thing or one that 's more eager-to-please ?
i want the dog to be interested in pleasing me and obedient but does n't need to look to me for what to do 100 percent of the time .
14 how would you prefer your dog to respond to someone knocking on the door or entering your yard ?
how would you prefer your dog to greet strangers or visitors ?
i want the dog to be wary of strangers but will be ok with me training them to accept people i let into my home or yard .
the dog does n't need to love my friends but ca n't be aggressive once i 've decided the person is no threat .
loving protector is great sentry dog who only likes me not ok .
15 are you willing to manage a dog that is aggressive to other dogs ?
i would be willing to train and work with a dog in this situation .
i would not want a dog that is extremely reactive to other dogs and ca n't ever be trusted around them .
i have friends who think it 's funny that their am staff bites the heads of any large dog who comes near them .
16 are there any other behaviors you ca n't deal with or want to avoid ?
a prey drive that ca n't be managed would n't be ok. a dog who kills every animal who enters the yard is too much for me .
i need to be able to leave the dog alone for small periods of time such as trips to the grocery store .
17 how often and how long will the dog be left alone ?
the dog would be left alone 3 times a week or less .
if i 'm working at the hospital and my husband is at work the dog would be alone from 7 am until someone comes home at 4 .
i would probably have to figure something out for those days .
18 what are the dog-related preferences of other people in the house and what will be their involvement in caring for the dog ?
i will be the primary carer for the dog but my husband would help if i 'm working .
my 8 and 4 year old kids will help but they are too young to be carers of a dog in my opinion .
19 do you have other pets or are you planning on having other pets ?
my insane siamese cat died recently after a long fight with kidney disease .
20 will the dog be interacting with children regularly ?
i have an 8 year old daughter and a 4 year old son .
i would not leave them alone with the dog but they will want to be able to play with dog .
21 do you rent or plan to rent in the future ?
if applicable what breed or weight restrictions are on your current lease ?
i own a home with a one acre fenced yard .
the fence is 6 feet and completely fences off the yard .
there are no breed restrictions in unincorporated king county wa .
22 what city or country do you live in and are you aware of any laws banning certain breeds ?
no laws banning breeds because i live in an unincorporated area .
23 what is the average temperature of a typical summer and winter day where you live ?
the dog will live inside but will spend time in my yard playing and pooping and sniffing at stuff like dogs do while i 'm out there .
24 please provide any additional information you feel may be relevant .
not really interested in bully breeds or pits even though i have no fear of them .
i was wondering if you select to influence d'angelo russell to come to the timberwolves will it work ?
i 'm wondering because the nets have a team option on his contract .
so if i select dlo will he come join the twolves or will nets still pick up his team option even though i 've selected him ?
when i place blocks or refineries or anything it costs me no resources even though i am in survival mode .
i have switched between creative and survival to set some things up for a game could this be the cause ?
it 's hooked up to the magma generator all by itself .
the red bar on the magma generator is full and so is the one in the auto hammer .
i tried using energy conduits and it hammers at the same speed .
i thought this was just the way it worked until i saw someone on a stream and their auto hammer was moving at the speed of light and it looks like theirs was set up the same way just sitting next to the magma generator so i 'm just not sure what i 'm missing .
i have a compressor and a sieve hooked up as well and they move quickly .
my daughter turns 9 and had her heart set on water park of america .
i recently found out it 's closed for another 10-20 days for renovations and will not be open to the public .
so now i am looking for a different option .
i live near fort snelling so that lifetime in maple grove connected in the community center is kind of a hike but i heard woodbury and lakeville have nice pools but i hear they are outdoor and not indoor i dunno never been .
any ideas of a great indoor pool i am a lifetime member but it does n't have to be lifetime
up for anything but nothing that just flat out sucks .
was looking at picking him up for the move the sticks double chem
quitting dokkan no time or money anymore trying to sell fast !
i switched from ps4 to pc yesterday after doing everything on ps4 and i need a clan that 's fairly casual/relaxed that i can join for weekly engrams and such
i know i have to send sat scores but do i have to send a transcript and my ap scores too ?
so i built my first pc in 2010 and second in 2012 .
i got a 5870 and then a 7870 which was replaced by the manufacturer for an equal rx 270 or 280 .
it broke about a year ago and i decided that i do n't play much games anymore so i wont replace it .
today i was thinking about getting another gpu so i could play something every now and then mainly skyrim csgo dota 2 and sc2 .
i remember with my 7870 or rx 270 i could max out all of those even skyrim with many mods and get good fps .
today after looking at benchmarks it seems like if i want to get the same fps i was getting before i need a similarly priced card as the 5/7870 was at the time .
this seems ridiculous to me as i thought a low-mid range card today should be on par with a high range card from what is almost a decade ago .
what has happened in the last few years that i still need a 300 dollar card to max skyrim ?
userzi0n 1446 would really like to finish my first full clear !
i 'm trying to make room for all this stuff i 'm building but i 'm just so tired of clicking .
i bought the totw bundle and none of my packs have contracts attached ?
i wont bore yall with too many details but i live on my own while finishing university full time and working to pay my own bills as i do n't have any outside financial support .
i had to work on thanksgiving day which was nice cuz i got a turkey dinner out of it as well as all this weekend .
on friday my whole paycheck went to my rent and my phone bill and ramen is the only food in my possession until next week .
i 'm just feeling the weight of my responsibilities and loneliness a little more this weekend and i figured i may as well ask for any help here .
e not picky at all about pizza places theres definitely a dominos nearby
i have 100 loki completions on hard mode and all t3 items unlocked so can fill pretty much any role needed .
understand how frustrating it can be partnered with an incompetent team .
more than willing to help with a couple runs if you have at least some basic t2 items chill and have a mic .
leave your gt and i 'll send an invite later this evening .
long story short i was at a friend 's engagement party where i was pretty much the only introvert .
even though i 'm not shy and can keep up for the most part i basically stick out like a sore thumb amongst extroverts .
it does n't help i 'm a recovering alcoholic that does n't drink and get guilt tripped by his family that i never come around . ''
anyway anyone else hate when you have to leave ?
you become the center of attention saying goodbye hugging people you barely know awkwardly and being the polite guy that everyone knows is exiting early ?
i 'm only 10 minutes gone and i look back thinking how awkward it must be for others how i left .
i feel great breathing now being alone again but that moment you have to say goodbye is like wanting to push the eject button asap .
i 'm hoping someone can relate in here and give some thoughts .
basically what he does is playing the map nomod first .
he saves his replay and then uses a replay stealer to play the map with hddt .
you can notice that his nomod play looks fine while his hddt play has some ridicoulus cursor movements .
you can also see at 3:34 at 0.25x speed that he aims on the end of the slider where there is no circle and after that just jumps onto the real circle .
normal player would have missed that slider with a missread like this .
i 've been re-reading the manga from amazon lily and kuja people seems to know haki .
during the fight with luffy against the gorgon sister one of them uses busoshoku haki and 'hurts ' luffy .
my question is why is there not 'blackening ' of their tail and arms when using armament haki ?
coupon should be available on this site xiaomi bluetooth 4.0 speaker silver http couponsfromchina.com/2017/09/26/xiaomi-bluetooth-4-0-speaker-silver-coupon-price-gearbest great !
i have a digital download code for cuphead for xb1 .
i 'm looking to get cuphead for steam in exchange .
so xfiles being one of my favorite shows i 'm kinda lost in the season 10 opener .
why does it seem they are so skeptical about what this todd guy is saying after all they 've seen ?
i 'm almost done with episode 1 ... hoping its a good season cause im stoked its back and i finally get to watch
after months of work and polishing it 's now available to download for free .
the game was created with a minimal approach and is reflected throughout the experience including the idea itself and the design .
you have three 3 seconds to memorize a numbered sequence of tiles .
when ready tap the tiles in the correct order to complete a round .
the app store listing describes this much further with a promo video and screenshots .
what 's your food schedule look like for today ?
what challenges do you expect to deal with today ?
did you do everything you wanted to do accomplish anything ?
do n't forget to check out nodig 's weekly meal prep posts https www.reddit.com/r/team_shark/search ? q=author 3anodig sort=new restrict_sr=on t=week to share your bulk meal plans and get new ideas !
i love this little controller but honestly if i have to map every single filter on every track to every knob i am going to something drastic like make a pop song .
i have n't slept properly for the last 10 years since i got married because my husband snores in his sleep .
i wake up several times every night because of it .
sleeping draight does n't solve the problem it just makes me sleepy for the next day too so i exist in zombie mode either way .
it 's just so sad that i 'll never have a decent sleep again
i have one prompt included for each but i have more prompts you can pm me about if you are interested in hearing
brother/sister you 're my younger sister and i hear you come home all angry and upset .
you tell me about your bad date and i try to console you .
we 're very close to eachother and we always have each others backs which is why we both go out of our ways into making eachother happy .
mom/son i 'm in my room upstairs and i decided to watch porn .
little did i know that i was still connected to the bluetooth speakers in living room downstairs .
i could n't hear anything at all and i turn up the volume to hear it better .
you 're in the kitchen and you suddenly hear the loud porn sound and rush into my room to find me watching erotica with milfs that look very similar to you .
i have more prompts for each you can message me for !
i listen very well and i love to take advantage of your kinks and turn ons in all my prompts !
if you have any prompts you 'd like to do as well i 'd love to hear them !
i reply fast and often hoping to hear from some of you !
i 've been brewing for a couple of months now and my kombucha almost always smells overwhelmingly of vinegar .
it stinks up my whole kitchen and living room .
i enjoy brewing but i 'm getting put off by the smell .
i 've been waiting for weeks refreshing daily and all that yet no sigmund .
i vaguely recall an announcement that he was now on the wheel but ...
im 100 sure my concussions are hitting guys and i kill quickly after and i 've been stuck on 41/100 for a couple days
hey guys i urgently need to get my marriage certificate apostilled .
does anyone here have any idea how to get it done quickly in bangalore ?
ordered online to my store they said it was a misprint but they honored the price for me .
i checked best buy and they are listed at 449.99 .
i have mc xbox one edition and minecraft on my android device both versions are up too date as of today.i started a work on the xbox and would like to continue it on my phone but i have no idea how .
my phone will see i 'm playing and let me join my own game and there is 2 of me in there now lol i 'd just like to continue building on my phone when im away from the xbox .
i noticed in the first few seasons he would but not really in the mid to later seasons .
i took my first act in october with no prep .
i just wanted to see where my baseline score was at without studying .
i ended up getting a 34 but i want to retake i️t and try to study this time and get a 35/36 without superscoring .
i 'm confident i can get my score up another 1 or 2 points .
if i take the act say 3-4 more times until i take a 35/36 will i️t look bad and will colleges be able to see every test ?
this thread is a place to post any minor topics that do not quite deserve their own submission .
the daily post should be utilized for questions requests track id 's general discussion as well as being a place to have some casual banter with your fellow users .
or feel free to join our discord channel https discord.gg/skrillex for casual chat with other people
please keep the discussion civil and be sure to follow the subreddit rules at all times .
im from the uk and i 'm visiting a friend in durham for the week
i am looking to buy the uk sunday times a british newspaper does anyone know of a place where i could have a chance of picking this up ?
i 'm just a beginner in sending crypto and trying to understand what 's going on .
someone said the exchange is delayed in crediting me .
that 's okay it 's been like that before but i am only writing this because i actually needed to change the gas/wei on my nano ledger this time i 've never needed to do that before so i want to make sure everything is alright .
got a bit of a sore winner here boys what a fuckin ' legend you must be
no here 's a link '' is n't an argument .
that 's why i suggested looking up examples that was n't condescension it was the voice of experience .
but different models skins sound better sure it takes more effort but also gives a reason for these shitty boxes exist .
price tags ... . without the full price ... . so no taxes on the tag .
are they expecting me to have an excel sheet with me that tells me all the taxes on different products for different states ! ?
off course not they are screwing over the public by showing lower prices !
your source article begins with the absurdly false premise that those rights of way and utilities are publicly owned .
many years ago they were but they were privatized decades ago .
i work with those very same paths and poles for a living in jurisdictions all over the country and in ten years of doing so across hundreds of municipalities in dozens of states i have not once encountered a publicly owned entity controlling the poles and paths .
the people who wrote that article are liars and bastards .
that 's hardly a motive for something on this scale though maybe for one or two channels ...
maybe once she gets back to voice acting olga can come back to the story
yeh it doesnt look great it would just be nice to have its the same with diamond the camo looks absolute garbage imo gold is definitely the way forward for me atm .
probably had something to do with the way the defender is grabbing and holding him a few moments earlier .
they would have told them that before they put it on the market and got offers which got rescinded .
set them back a month and lost them 17k in purchase price what they sold for vs what my offer had been .
realtors do n't often knowingly misrepresent properties at least with regard to legal issues .
ok since you cant read let me quote myself .
for comparison sake polands gdp is less than 400 billion .
can you tell me where i said that your gdp over 6 years is 400 billion ?
as someone who went both routes numbers alone do n't tell you the whole story .
more people apply medical vs. dental and there 's a much larger range of people applying dental schools .
yes 3.3 is the average for lower end schools but that definitely is not the average student entering dental school while the 3.58 is closer for medical .
this is because the dental school classes are much much smaller .
the school does n't just want people with perfect 4.0s .
i guarantee you if that was the case every single dental school could fill the entire class with that gpa .
simply accounting for the smaller class means there is a much lower acceptance rate for dental .
while the average gpa is .2 lower for dental the of spots you 're fighting for is much lower also .
not to mention many students who would rather go dental vs medical ca n't afford dental school .
i actually recently met a few students during break who wanted to go the dental route but could n't and had to go to medical school .
i also found the mcat easier but that could just be due to individual preferences for tests .
i preferred physics vs the pat portion of the dat .
i 'm not saying one is tougher than the other because that 's personal opinion but the of students fighting for dental chairs is much more hairline than medical .
but if you do n't have at least average gpa for medical your chances go down a bunch more than dental .
there 's just too many variables to compare the 2 paths .
her korean is really impressive she 's much better than i expected .
she definitely seemed nervous speaking though which i totally get .
speaking in a language you 're not fluent in can be so nerve-wracking .
when you 're gold 1 and you enter a match full of level 5s and after the match they call you a hacker
too bad everything on the lsu campus but athletic facilities are run the fuck down .
so i should play it is what i 'm taking away from this .
network settings advanced settings and then change like the last number in mac address
gf did the math the chance of all 4 of these mother fuckers missing was only 6.25 .
thats assuming they never checked and just randomly used them .
this is some next level dumbassery were dealing with .
i see what looks like a gan air for 35€ .
seems like people just want their posts not to be removed for stupid reasons .
the first time people left because they felt their posts were removed for stupid reasons .
they told me i wont get to anything without email/cdkey and i dont have the 10year old key anymore
i 'm always interested to hear about other industry positions
i 've had my account locked 3 times since i started back on luneth banner .
if so xfinity mobile runs on verizon 's network .
the pricing is decent but the downside is you need to buy a phone from comcast and they wo n't put a used phone on their network .
i came for drama and instead you 're being honest and helpful .
did i go so deep that i 'm not on reddit anymore ?
i 'm probably the only sob on reddit who actually prefers durex .
s h o o t i n g m a c h i n e
no i do n't have any sound clips at the moment .
there 's been too many and too much disparity for too long .
i try to find time to ride it each weekend .
jake 's article is completely bonkers but not for the reasons you have stated .
in a binary game variance is determined solely by the probability of winning .
yes you want as high of a variance as possible .
the maximum variance is 25 for an even matchup .
jake 's argument hinges upon his presumption that builders are very map-dependent .
he says that builders just automatically lose certain maps .
for this to be true however it must follow that builders just automatically win certain maps as well without any true skill '' from the player .
because if it were true you should see builders being very meta .
a hero that 's exceptional in some maps should see meta play more often than a hero that 's mediocre in all maps .
but you do n't see flexible players picking up symmetra both in high-level comp games and in the pro scene .
the only conclusion i can see is that map dependency is not hero-specific but rather player-specific .
jake 's and many other pro players ' argument is just plain old salt .
they simply can not rationalise why a player specialising exclusively in a no-skill '' hero deserves to be in top500 like them .
does seem to confirm that he was short but it 's not a definitive angle .
do you mean just swap out the chassises but keep the loadouts the same otherwise ?
i think that 's a good alternative to full customisation .
no henry did have a shot it was just never the best shot to me henry was always within the top 4
investigators then turned bd into the investation honey hole so when ever they needed something else they would say something like .
watch everyone talk about how batting is super hard to come by and then dave warner go out and smack a cheeky 150
it 's pretty typical aperture sights that 's far from the jankiest part of it .
the big spring and the spigot mortar aspect of it win for jankiest .
but do n't let that stop you if it interests you i 'm sure yours would turn out much better .
technically yes practically there are too many factors involved .
the boc '' planning '' alone depends on a variety of factors including us economy and canada 's own economic data .
i would not make this a deciding factor in any way .
still seems good to me i was getting about 1200 on a elt run and adv is about the same .
almost impossible to avoid unless you jump though if you get all three star cards for the grenade it 's like a mini cluster-bomb of go fuck yourself .
even if you miss can use the stomp and spin around real quick for two or three free shots .
that is extremely hard to prove ... if your watch sports you would know this .
in pro league 1 small mistake makes you die .
not running away from a turret at half health leads to a dive .
you do n't even have to play bad to do it .
who knew a show about anthropomorphic animals could be so human
then take a picture of the post and put it on the fridge .
i 'm more of a story-mode gamer and from the looks of it it reminds me more of the digimon adventure that i played on my psp .
yes they do ... nuke the thing from orbit is what they do .
either you just deal with the feeling of loneliness you find an outlet or you leave ... that 's it .
its better if you pm now so i can do it one by one ?
then you 'll get fresh salt to take home and season your food with .
it does not appear to contain a tl dr or any sort of short summary .
please edit your post to add a bolded tl dr .
if you feel you are receiving this message in error please contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frelationships subject=submission+removed+for+no+tldr message=my+post+can+be+found+at https www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/7fl4ve/my_23f_husband_25m_gets_mad_when_i_get_mad_at_him and include your problem .
you must make suitable edits to ensure that the submission complies to all the rules listed in the sidebar and in the wiki r/relationships/wiki/index wiki_about_.2fr.2frelationships relevant for mobile users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationships if you have any questions or concerns .
sorry to say this but grey hair on women is sexy .
seems to me like adding more complexity and just shifting the problem around instead of actually fixing the issue .
i really do n't understand what episode 6 was trying to do .
pointless to me and at the very least i thought oh this is probably just backstory for a new character we 're getting . ''
first of all there 's no reason to have an epilogue for a character we 've just been introduced to and most of all a character who 's not had a complete arc yet and then there 's the thing that the epilogue does n't give us any good closure .
so yeah she 's living a happy life but what does that have to do with who she is ?
how does her having a strong moral code play into that ?
why even introduce her character like that if it was going to end with this kind of happily ever after '' ?
i guess the moral is be lucky '' but then to tell that moral in this way is just frustrating tbh .
on episode 7 i think the title does imply that the moral is more along searmay 's reading that you never know how history will treat an incident .
in any case i continue to not be impressed by how flat these stories are no episode after the bothersome country '' has been good .
you 're right manipulating a 150b currency is no easy feat .
i feel like bitcoin is one of the most polarizing discussions you can have .
i try to look at any crypto from every angle to make a fair assessment .
definitely not easy as i have a personal bias but it 's important to know when to hold and when to fold .
and my friends that work for vc firms and hedge funds are all over the place when it comes to btc .
some say to the moon '' while others scream bubble '' .
there 's something so exciting and yet so scary about this type of investment and it makes it so appealing to me !
i read it for the first time this year at 27 and absolutely loved it i had held off because i thought it was more scary than romance !
i heard it was a ghost story and it is but not in the scary boo ! ''
i loved it because it 's ghosts in how i believe in ghosts as memories that have a lingering presence for better or for worse and not weird white transparent figures .
looks like a lhd they 're navy ships that usually carry marine aircraft most of the time .
i guess that whole astle fleming vettori era came later than i was thinking .
i 'm going to use scp 2966 http www.scp-wiki.net/scp-2966 for this since i like using scps .
first off it 's a roll of toilet paper so bloodbending is worthless against it .
it weighs between 1 to 9.9 kg which extremely bad news for reasons i 'll list below .
it 's an infinite roll of toilet paper that works by converting energy into mass meaning it will take the surround heat energy around it if anyone of them takes too much tp away from it resulting in them freezing to death as the temperature around it quickly drops to absolute zero .
if they damage it or remove too much paper or if the tp roll is not used for too long it will go critical mass .
consider e mc^2 that 's a massive amount of energy stored with in that roll .
at the minimum it 's more than 8 10^16 joules which is more than 20 megatons of tnt .
if that happens they 're guaranteed dead if they 're anywhere near the epicenter of the blast .
hey as a fellow person that battled tonsil stones for a very long time .
worse thing in my life i probably had to deal with and i had no idea how bad it really was .
people thought i always had bad breath but it was from the tonsil stones .
i did the mash wash water pick hand picks changing diet brush teeth more etc etc .
i literally did it all to help and prevent this stuff from occurring .
i 'm very big on trying to solving problems with out an easy lazy fix that our society sometimes tries to look for in life .
the number one thing i did and the best decision of my life was getting my tonsils removed .
not only the bad breath but the constant infections and soar throats .
i regularly would get sick due to my tonsils .
i would reccomend you do the same if you have exhausted all your options .
i was dating a girl awhile back who lived in a rough area .
she informed me that her neighbor was a pretty serious drug dealer whatever that means .
she pointed out his vehicle once it kinda looked like mine .
one night i went to leave her house and did n't understand why there was a burnt rap cd on the center console .
i was a damn ninja getting out of that thing .
depends on the social media and context i think .
for example i have irl friends who like fallout but most look at the reddit for fallout for one minute and then nope away from the online fanbase .
or there are people on the other hands who have molded their lives around whatever bullshit social media they are into now .
they tend to not be th best people anyways though .
try this there 's a little air box in the intake system before the box that holds the air filter leave the air filter box alone .
there 's a single 10mm bolt that holds it on .
take that guy out again not the air filter box and test drive .
are there even that many good champions that are fun to play against ?
i feel like there are very few champions that are actually that engaging for the enemy while still feelingcompetetively strong .
remember earlier this year when people thought moeen ali was a great spinner ?
swing by a store and check with their test sim anyway i 've used every singe oneplus since launch with freedom with no problem .
afaik they have two models the chinese model and the global model .
the global model works and the chinese does n't .
just a note to say that i appreciate this particularly due to the fact that i 've been pondering how often the boys are knocked unconscious .
this was something i wanted to know for a fic i 'm writing and now i have actual numbers to work off of !
i would go with a 500gb ssd as well 250gb is quite small .
pcpartpicker part list https pcpartpicker.com/list/vknr3f price breakdown by merchant https pcpartpicker.com/list/vknr3f/by_merchant
what does the orange team look like because this team looks nice
from the amount of games that i 've played with similar results to yours .
i honestly do n't believe there is any match making .
sm girl groups seem to have much higher standards than others i do n't think i 've ever seen a cover of snsd f x or rv that has even come close to the original .
especially the vocal aspect they always sound majorly off .
he said it was a miss input it must have been nerves .
set 2 game 5 11 seconds left ... .might put you on tilt .
this was known as soon as the original triple tap method became widely known in the early months of this year .
it was n't an issue of the button reappearing but of it failing to disappear because the client did n't know how to deal with displaying a pokémon powered up past the level cap it knew so it just began to loop back and was effectively just a visual bug that confirmed that you had triple tapped properly .
i did n't ite for him but imo it would be an extra champ for arenas
have you ever watched them play against tough opposition ?
i felt so bad because he thought it was his fault .
i am kind of relieved because it feels like a milestone but at the same time its embarrassing that of all the things this is what does it .
i 'm glad to know i 'm not alone though !
you have edwin and lingfan but not best ship royai ?
to be pro-abortion '' i would need to be pushing for people to have abortions .
it 's pro-choice '' because i believe in women having the choice to carry the pregnancy to term or not .
judges in order adalaide byrd chris lee tony weeks .
i like how he is so upset but still gives the high five to his teammate going into the bench..
well i do n't personally think that about people with spray tans .
and frankly that 's including donald trump who cares if he 's orange ?
that 's got nothing to do with his presidential credentials or lack thereof .
had the game already sold my copy and played digitally a lot
i have the benq bl2420pt 23.8 '' 1440p 60hz ips monitor and i absolutely love it .
it 's a fantastic monitor barely any backlight bleed matte screen anti flicker for when you 're staring at it forever .
looks great for gaming and content creation and anything else you throw at it .
99 srgb accurate i believe and has a wealth of stand options .
one thing i can attest to myself is that while the journey can seem a bit lonely at first over time i 've made some of the most meaningful friendships .
because they were made in confidence of embracing that part of myself and being able to identify with those that were also going through that journey .
while you may meet some cold people who wo n't spare a hi '' the warm ones will make up for it in spades !
what would happen if your favorite anime character was transported isekai style into the real world and you met him ?
i am no doctor but it looks like a very temporary circulation problem or bruise .
my guess is that if you are jerking it with anything strange stop and find something more pure to jerk it with as it almost looks like an abrasion that has some problem clearing out nasty material .
i 'd be more worried about those bumps at the base of the head of your dick .
true it is amazing and it will hit the market .
but i doubt it 'll replace gaas in the telecom or datacom market neither for ir 3d sensing .
these are pretty big chunks to swallow for a technology that is still in its infancy .
bruh it 's 2017 do n't you know that facts are n't valid if they hurt people 's feelings ?
one time me and my wife were driving back home and we ended up in this shady as fuck motel somewhere in georgia .
it was like 1am when we arrived at this ugly ass motel .
anyways i did n't sleep too well i had nightmares the entire night like spiders were crawling all over the stained ceiling and falling on me .
even tho i was extremely tired from all the driving i could n't sleep well in this hellhole of a motel .
by the end of the game she displays a clear respect for you .
she wants you to embrace her teachings but respects you even if you do n't .
i would go a step farther and say that refusal to accommodate the fact that other people may not know as much as you about this particular subject makes you sound like an asshole .
you do 5 damage in a circle around you and silence enemies for 0.5 seconds
write an extremely expletive-laden post with racial slurs and ask for upvotes if people agree
just spent like an hour and a half 2 hours on this and i must say that it 's pretty great .
definitely need to add some more songs or does it just use themes.moe and not dailymotion ?
definitely a fan of letting the spectators chat too !
there are accessible alternatives to a spreadsheet that are more user friendly and are n't code or a database .
maybe you 're great at reading spreadsheets but most people i work with can not do it right off the bat .
they are n't self explanatory there 's wayyyyy more room for error and improvement is difficult .
so 20 a month and per household rather than per-tv ?
may be an extension check your adblocker should be ublock origin and maybe disable on facebook sitewide to see if there is a change .
more like dope with me those guys had to be high it was over literally me asking a woman if she was ok .
i 'll fight like grover norquist if it means my tax increase is subsidizing the idle rich and ivanka 's inheritance .
why is that thing even on the table for repeal ?
it only applies to estates amounting to several million dollars .
why do inheritors with that much money to inherit need a tax break compared to someone earning a few tens of thousands a year ?
what benefit does it accomplish compared to the costs that have to be made up somewhere else ?
are people with estates that large struggling to make ends meet ?
granted that might be true if we 're talking about the inheritance of a large farm but that 's where exceptions could be made .
i pre-ordered from a gaming store a couple of months ago in the uk and it has n't arrived either .
i wonder if something went wrong with the initial shipments of it to the uk if a few places are having problems with pre-orders .
uw because then your win over us looks more impressive .
also it is senior night at husky stadium and it would be sad for the seniors to lose their last game .
it is very etiolated stretched out because it has n't been getting enough light .
make sure that pot has a drainage hole and put it in a south-facing window .
you can always consider beheading it at a later date for a more compact rosette .
it 's convenient but it 's not a total solution either .
the very act of the child breast feeding releases bonding hormones in both parties as well as chemical signals that prevent a whole host of biological issues that we 've barely begun to scratch the surface of .
i can understand not having a baby with you in a lecture class because of it 's potential to create a disruption but then again infants who get more skin time with the mother tend to be less easily agitated .
in other words i seen no way to reconcile a commandant to take additional lives in any way shape or form with the keeping of a covenant and a legally binding contract whose terms expressly forbid that and decry it as adultery in addition to the fact that we have such to be called as adultery currently found at that time with in the doctrine and covenants .
i therefore see no validity to be found in any of the apologetic arguments used to decoy us away from this basic and primary fact by brian hales or any of his associates seeking to do so .
by very definition we have the brethren committing adultery and violating their marriage contracts and this supposedly by the commandant of an holy god who has commanded us to obey god and man in to have integrity and to be honest including you would hope with your wife and in the legally binding contracts and sacred covenants that you make with her .
plural marriage among the latter day saints myths morals misogyny of the spiritual wife system 1 .
plural marriage among the latter day saints myths morals misogyny of the spiritual wife system 2
i thought his cosmetics line was never gon na be launched tbh .
i really thought it was gon na be a scam .
the shades look cute and the packaging is nice .
my prob with this is i do n't want my kids to gain experience lying !
yes ... majoring in philosophy hence my frustration with this thread .
it 's not a worthless major and we 're capable of having careers too .
dst is effectively a sequel as the engine required a rewrite .
it would be a waste of time to backport content and would n't make sense considering the events of ds occur before dst .
i do n't think it has n't been discontinued though 2000 was the year that its distribution was reconfigured for sure .
19 has never had a reliable release pattern and right now it is n't available in very many sizes or concentrations in the us where it has never been as great of a commercial success as in europe .
it just kinda hurts to pay resell for me its like talking the walk of shame but still i really want them
update turns out it was n't named right and that for some reason an update fixed it ? ? .
well i 'm glad i do n't live in colorado .
the last thing i 'd have wanted during my last two trips to the er cardiac pain leading to admission/cardiac catheterization and then a 7mm kidney stone would have been an md on some noble crusade against opioids while i lay there in agony .
because people who spout this rhetoric want to imagine america was a land of milk and honey where natives frolicked peacefully in the fields and meadows as nature provided everything for them .
again what does this have to do with the government of this country ?
we are talking about the widespread systematic destruction of tribes at the hands of our government not tribes fighting tribes and making this country great again '' .
the powerful beat down the weak exactly as the white man did .
so you 're making the claim that natives committed acts of genocide and wiped out entire tribes ?
these sob stories about what happened centuries ago while terrible have fuck all to do with me the country today or much of anything really .
this is what you do n't comprehend or simply wish to turn a blind eye to .
but to those who live as victims who depend on emotional arguments to get their points across this is constantly on their mind the only rhetoric they spew .
it 's no wonder wounds never heal it 's no wonder people ca n't get the fuck over it because it 's literally all these professional victims talk about .
do you tell confederates and nazis to get over it '' or do you see them as exercising their freedom of speech ?
and what exactly do people need to get over ?
my irish ancestors were treated like shit by the english and then the americans .
and your irish ancestors '' had an infrastructure in ireland that they could depend on/return to .
where are blacks and natives going to go to ?
what infrastructure do they have in place aside from this country ?
in addition your irish ancestors '' still pass for white '' and no one today will blink an eye .
you think your irish ancestors '' would be denied loans medical a job housing etc due to being irish '' now ?
no now apply for any of the above and list your name as tyquan hicks '' and see if you 're approved for anything i just listed .
it was n't them using violence to get their point across it was the man '' that did it .
you introduced them to the thread it 's on you to prove your claim .
that they were using violence to get their point across ?
in fact do us all a favor and tell us what was their point '' premise because you 've seemed to have left that out .
the only privilege that exists is the privilege of the elite .
they convince the idiot rabble to fight among themselves over absolutely nothing while they get away with everything .
again list the name tyquan hicks '' on an application of any kind and see how far it gets you .
chances are brad is a first time felon and demarcus likely is n't because of mandatory minimum sentencing demarcus is sent to prison .
chances are '' ... do yourself a favor and educate yourself by clicking the links provided .
this conversation is over i have no time to teach you your mind is made up and you prefer to victim sham instead of addressing the core issues that got us here in the first place .
proceed ... on your way to my ignore list .
just had a couple of games and really enjoyed it !
i also feel like punching myself for not remembering the names of the shows fast enough but that just means i need to step my game up !
i 'll check out the rest of the album .
i just returned from portugal where it was black friday black weekend and black week depending on the shop .
they knew what the problem was they did n't know how to fix '' the problem .
so they just kept sending out new units with the same problem or fixing '' the units with the same defective solder .
you can do it right now as copay did .
the delay is because the abc devs are going with a different scheme which they plan to enable in january .
this is a cosmetic change it does n't even require a soft fork .
xbox one purchased in late 2015 like new condition for your vita and dualshock 4 ?
we maybe overcompensated for her early life starvation a little bit .
my major point was that are more reasons than the war for conservatives and even neo-cons to be anti-trump .
any neo-con that still stands by their prediction can also claim that had it been done right they 'd have been vindicated .
hindsight tells most of us conservatives that invading iraq was a poorly thought out venture but there were many post invasion decisions that look foolish as well .
the two biggest being the initial disbanding of the iraqi army and not insisting on updating the sofa in 2008 .
it 's absolutely the game to turn to in hard times .
it changes every game but it never really changes .
you always fit back into your childhood play patterns effortlessly .
it 's always optimistic and pleasantly presented it 's always polished and it 's always as deep as you want it to be .
pokemon is the game to fall back to for comfort food .
just buy whatever the latest version is and you 'll be set for months .
one of my favorite games of all time faintly remember it on i think the ps2 when i was younger
a team fan but if mismanagement by our ownership causes giannis to leave then i 'll be very tempted to follow suit .
i just always find it interesting that a lot of people think they 're being super edgy when in fact they 're being just the opposite .
is the loerance just the placeholder for the garmin chartplotter ?
give 'em some indian burns and a wet willie bruh
toooooaaaaaatally the same thing as far as i 'm concerned
i quit playing 2 weeks after the game came out and did n't return until ttk .
then i stuck around all the way through to the end .
i 've stuck around a little bit longer this time but unless they have something to say that keeps my hopes up looks like i 'll be back for year 2 again .
this is where the claim comes from that the iodine will restore all scar tissue or even regrow the foreskin tissue .
this was one of the most painful experiments i have ever done to myself and with little to no lasting effect besides a fresh set of skin .
the skin sloughed off and there was a fresh layer under it but scars and everything still in place .
i painted red iodine onto my penis twice a day for about two weeks .
after two weeks though or so all of the skin had peeled off .
this is because the red iodine is so corrosive to your tissue .
but i really do not think the pain will be worth it especially since your skin will be replaced by the same and since the iodine would toughen the new skin anyways mitigating the effect you want it to have on your glans .
also it is apparently really bad to use iodine on your mucous membranes because it does something to destroy the function of the cells .
i read this during my research but you could verify it personally for us if you like .
let us know what you decide or how it turns out but i really do not recommend it .
battlefront ii is a good game to most people they do n't care about the progression they just want to shoot some people with blasters .
i would be very surprised if disney was illusioned in this regard .
they 're trying to recover from a pr nightmare same as ea and once they 're done they 'll do whatever makes them the most money .
what other company would have enough money for the license and not put lootboxes in ?
tbh without shuichi 's logic and reasoning i do n't think ouma can know the real culprit by himself .
he just aggresively attacks the one he thinks is the most suspicious then if shuichi can prove the one ouma accused is innocent then ouma will brush it off as a lie and go on to another person he think is suspicious .
do that everytime and it will look as if you know the killer every single time when in truth he is just playing along with the class trial .
an hour long journey on the bus seems a bit boring so i think it would be fun for you to listen to some gwa audios while you 're at it .
i 'm sure i can come up with some recommendations .
lets start with this one https soundgasm.net/u/belle_in_the_woods/f4f-mommy-wants-you-to-cum-mdlggood-girlteasingwhisperssino-penetrationencouragementasmr and then go on to couple more f4f by the same author or someone else .
one on one meeting you should approach with some sort of indiscretion .
would you say a tiny bit of lace of your bra should be visible on that day ?
just to tease anyone who looks down your blouse ?
since you will spend afternoon working by yourself there is no need to wear panties ?
i 'd buy wentz is a better player if his completion percentage was better .
59 is pretty trash for an mvp candidate that does n't have mike vick/cam newton running production .
i think with the new expansion they are experimenting with procedural generated stuff .
so i think at the end they will try to make it work like a chess game where you have the same board but the experience is always different .
maybe there will be a ongoing war between faction with random events or raids that are always somewhat different without having actually new ones implemented .
im not sure how they gon na make it work but i think thats a few more years to go they could make it work lore/tehnology wise .
problem is they have to make it last and not to get boring maybe going free to play .
i hate how she 's treated by most of the fans just bc she did n't like when dela was acting like a russian doll full of her self
should n't it say moon '' for the mailto and earth '' for the return address ?
i rob in my black tee hit licks in my black tee
but perhaps you 'd like to continue this pointless discussion .
let 's just have sex so we can get on with our lives .
the same way i as a mathematician have a sense of wonder as i learn more about my craft .
nobody will ever know everything even in a fantasy book where your character is the smartest person in all of the land .
there is always something more to be learned and so there is always room to grow .
the more i learn about mathematics and i 'm only in my undergraduate studies the more expansive it becomes .
as a side note i really enjoyed that in the eragon books .
even though eragon was the chosen hero and frankly a rather bland character he was always learning and accepting tutelage from wiser characters .
his education was never formally complete '' although at some point his teachers pretty much went lol you got ta fight the bbeg bcuz plot . ''
just a tangent but it 's the first example i can think of .
i feel like that would burn through a lot of distilled water it i 'll investigate it .
cripes i thought michigan traveled well when they were here but tonight penn state fans literally outnumbered umd fans ... at least in the line to buy beer .
they just threw them in there with the dead bodies ?
fair enough might have been a poor choice of example on my part .
it is a great debut release will be fun to see where ylva goes next .
it 's a big weekend true but they also released that frozen short before it and did n't really advertise for it .
some of the most expensive iems out there are really low impedance .
since everyone else is considering only the orm i 'll speak to the database layer side .
i would say that it 's quite similar to sqlalchemy both in design and utility .
architecturally speaking both sqlalchemy core and doctrine dbal act as a layer on top of the language 's inbuilt db interfaces sqlalchemy wraps db-api doctrine dbal wraps pdo .
you should n't see too much overhead using either of them they do n't hold extra data in memory or anything like that .
both projects provide similar functionality such as a type system for mapping php/python types to db types not for hydrating full objects a query builder and shorthand functions for crud operations .
finally both aim to provide a more consistent interface across database types normalizing their support for bound parameters etc .
eh gon na stay in the states and 14/h is pretty good for a highschooler here .
face primer becca ever-matte poreless primer holds my foundation on until i take it off .
i wore friday night 's makeup to work saturday morning because i am a foul bachelorette frog meme sometimes and could n't be bothered to a take my makeup off before falling asleep or b redoing it in the morning when it was still intact .
eye primer either the nars eyeshadow primer or a mac paint pot in soft ochre .
will occasionally use the too faced shadow insurance glitter glue when using serious shimmers or formulas i know like to be a little tricky .
i also occasionally use that primer over really bad blemishes before foundation as well .
contact the developers of the game and request the maker the games fit in the display size
you take your test to the professor/ta and ask for help !
approach your school 's academic tutoring si program s and sign up for available tutoring sessions if possible .
i would also suggest maybe re-evaluating your study routine ?
maybe you are n't giving yourself enough time to relax and you burned out .
or maybe you are n't studying ‘properly ' for this kind of midterm .
remember you are not alone and help is available at the very least in the form of your instructor 👨‍🏫
a key thing to note is that the champion may be yelling cowwwwwarrrrrrdddssss '' as he runs away .
change the title casing line to sentence case as well .
i stopped reading your sensationalist crap after the first two sentences .
i do n't know what you said but it was annoying .
should n't they pay us to remove the extra load of deep packet inspections ?
i believe doing dpi and its equipment is very pricey .
we should get a rebate for having it unblocked .
the hobbit was part of a franchise and looks considerably worse .
i was stuck on gold for the entirety of last season and only a few days ago went from gold 3 to platinum 2 in a single night of playing .
it pisses me off way more that trump calls fox news incredibly accurate .
cry fake news while advertising the worst fake news i 've ever seen .
the doctor who used illegal substances to help lance armstrong used techniques to defeat testing protocols he developed while he was in charge of the anti doping program for the russian olympic committee .
how do you think he was able to pass every test wada threw his way ?
i personally prefer the simple and direct belief that they were designed rather
evolutionary theory is only gymnastics if you 're a mental cripple .
even all the changes we see in modern breeds is due to inteligent selection not evolutionary improvements and mutation most often ends up in a nonviable deformed creature .
yeah the intelligence that we evolved naturally via sexual selection .
and of course most mutations you notice ate negative .
that 's why the deformed ones do n't survive .
convergent evolution also implies that the ancestors of the current species developed these features separately but i do n't think that has been proven here either .
it has been conclusively absolutely proven that insects and birds both evolved wings in completely different ways .
dinosaurs and mammals have been separated by 300 million years of evolution .
it is highly unlikely that their common anscestor had anything but scales covering its body .
i do n't know what sea is like but im comparing it to na server but i have n't played in about 6 months so my estimates are somewhat rough but just kinda trying to give you an outline as to what you are actually paying for and to not be deceived by the bullshit as no one else has commented on this yet .
guest passes are free here on na so idk .
accessory somewhat useful for mob knowledge but only min maxing
2 character slots how many come w the base sea game ?
how much time are you willing to commit to more than 1 main .
professional worker contract bundle pretty much useless once you are established
tier 5 horse completely useless you can tame t5 horses in the wild .
as far as i can see it seems somewhat worth it because you get random bullshit but your probably better off buying 80 in pets and smashing them together for a chance at tier 4 's and then buying the cosmetics that you like when you have the money for it.. that being said you will probably end up buying all the shit thats in this package at some point and then some more of it though .
so if you like the costume and you have the cash i say go for it and then buy some pets too .
this game is a huge money investment so just be ready for that .
if your switch provides some logic based on data parameter strategy provided by factory might be a good option .
you are looking at the culmination of his optimal life choices friends .
let me tell you that i have no advantage over you .
why does a 27 year old ask out a 17 year old ?
why does a 37 year old ask out a 27 year old ?
why does a 47 year old ask out a 57 year old ?
why does a 67 year old ask out a 57 year old ?
the only immaturity here is your inability to respect people 's free will to have a consensual relationship with whoever they bloody well like .
an unofficial contract or maybe payments on some debt .
nice one sherlock over 48,000 in debt straight out the navy ?
most likely felt responsible for the death of someone and has been sending money to their spouse ever since .
i think gumi especially as in global has been pretty innovative with weapons in general .
kiyomori and reaver gl sakura 's tm are pretty awesome and unique .
i mean sure we could always use more unique effects on weapons but it seems just putting defense on a sword would make u happy .
but i dont think we need more types of weapons .
and in regards to bows uh most are 2 handed for a reason aka logic ?
but i do think they need some kind of buff to warrant more use of them .
really wish we could update legacy humans though so many diehards will refuse to start over .
somehow this thread is so full of filth that the idea that we should rescue shipwreck survivors is controversial .
i would understand if they disagreed with me on what to do with the migrants after they arrived .
but i have n't even said a word about that in my comments .
the numbers differs on the type of effect of greatly increase is not the same as greatly reduce enemy etc .
increasing atk are stacked with the sa multiplier for example if the increase atk effect adds 30 it wil be 5.05 0.3 and in the turn after if it carries on 5.35 0.3 .
depends how many turns the effect gets carried usually only 3 turns which means just the next turn for that card .
i can get some of the percentage for some cards from the database if you wish the reason is i 'm not sure if each effect has the same percentage even if they have the same way of naming .
google assistant in italy was released 1 month ago but they do n't sell google home here .
they did n't sell the pixel 1 but are selling the pixel 2 thought at a prohibitive price .
bloodborne goty edition and final fantasy xv day one edition .
watch for ben 's collection on the workshop it has all the mods and addons i use .
be warned that i have modified some of the core game files so that you can change skins etc and these changes have to be done manually .
i think the bot needs bit of tweaking before it goes hal
are you saying to avoid ponds cerave drunk elephant and fab or are you saying that they are good ?
this data is misleading because the l2m report only happens if the game is within 3 points within those 2 minutes .
there is a huge sample of data not being represented here even if you are only analyzing the last 2 minutes of the 4th quarter which is bogus if you are talking about blown calls throughout the course of an entire nba game .
you ca n't really make the assertion raptors get as many incorrect calls against us as the average nba team '' from a limited data set like this sorry bud .
there is also a difference between an incorrect non-call and an incorrect call insofar as what the fan sees .
something like an inc lane violation is something the average fan will never notice it just happened in the pacer game whereas multiple ic 's in the same game or same 2 minute period will be remembered more vividly and ultimately matter more since they actually have a tangible impact on the game .
i get what you are trying to do here but this is the wrong way to do it .
we 're a couple looking to move out of brazil to potentally anywhere in europe ''
dla2 have tons of apartment routes and routes can have 70 packages for a 3hr block .
4k is not at all worth while for a couple of reasons .
first game designers do n't bother with 4k because less than 5 of users have it .
second you just need any monitor/laptop screen with a high refresh rate 144hz refresh rate is ideal and you 'll be good .
i built gaming computers for other people for years for work while i used a laptop for portability .
now i have ascended i will never go back .
only watched it after seeing eliza coupe in all the banner promos on hulu itself glad she 's still willing to channel her energy and intensity into something that goofy .
everything else was great time travel still serves as a solid device for generational parody and nostalgia .
luck smiled on me after i finished my season mode .
i finally got to 55 tokens did my trade in and lo and behold i received von miller .
i did the shaz trade-in i am now trying to flip ray and sit on the coins in hopes barry will drop in price by the time bo jackson probably gets released around christmas .
and that 's no better or worse than smoking pot while driving .
drink in your home or at a bar smoke in your home or at a smoking club hopefully someday soon but not behind the wheel
reading this thread i get the impression that the southern half of the usa has these bugs crawling everywhere .
i 've only seen three cockroaches in my life all in a jungle area in a quite underdeveloped asian country while on vacation .
1 waking up with sam harris 62 what is true ?
with jordan b. peterson http www.youtube.com/watch ? v=1gdpyzwooyy 2 sam harris and jordan peterson 2 meaning and chaos http www.youtube.com/watch ? v=v8xjsm4mz6e 1 https www.reddit.com/r/samharris/comments/7flhc0/_/dqcp4au ? context=10 dqcp4au this is sam harris-relevant because of the following epic fail interviews
dr jordan b peterson full-length 2015 interview http www.youtube.com/watch ? v=07ys4tqpris 1 https www.reddit.com/r/samharris/comments/7flhc0/_/dqcq9zy ? context=10 dqcq9zy now live ?
this is a few days old is n't it ?
anyway this guy is absolutely a fantastic interviewer and his first interview with peterson filmed nearly two years before peterson 's explosion in popularity over his stance against political correctness ...
i 'm a bot working hard to help redditors find related videos to watch .
i 'll keep this updated as long as i can .
play all http subtletv.com/_r7flhc0 ? feature=playlist ftrlnk=1 info https np.reddit.com/r/subtletv/wiki/mentioned_videos get me on chrome https chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf firefox https addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/mentioned-videos-for-reddit
playable music based levels are hard but so cool so you automatically get a well-deserved star for the effort .
i appreciate what it took to divide the level into musical chunks like that mk8 style .
i liked the driving beat of level 2 that should have been a repeating elements in other levels .
the actual gameplay was a little too minimal see if you can add more relevant enemies in some levels .
you should have used the mario bros. costume with it 's loud squeaky walk and added a yell sfx to your dk .
and make the blocks around the goomba on the first screen out of non-question blocks so it does n't look like dok .
any time someone wants to tell me why zero governmental regulation is a good idea and how corporations will just work it out through free market i 'm going to remind them of this .
hey i tried your suggestion kept getting jolts of electricity which made my dick even harder and now it 's more stuck than ever .
dude i 'd fucking be strolling down the hallway in school and this random ass girl would always ask for a high five every fucking day .
my dumbass thought she just liked high fives until she randomly texted me .
yeah he seems to think you 're defending bad alerts when this comment chain was about them existing at all
hopefully he know understands that if you misbehave there maybe consequences .
i used a dremel to cut taller holes in the strike plates at my house .
it 's an old place and things tend to flex with the seasons so there was n't really any hope of 'stock ' strike plates staying aligned .
the original comment can be found in censored form at this link
the five that i 've seen have all ran after the first ball .
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
my account was restricted when i visited cuba have provided the details requested as proof i reside in the uk but no response .
nbsp if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
so wait a second if the make your sugofest '' gets released before dec 5 does that mean that ts luffy will have both rate boosted ?
1 rate boosted because he was chosen by the community .
2 currently there 's a higher chace to pull free spirit characters '' it 's until dec 5 .
using sigil of blood and any heal on crit food utility will help your sustain alot outside of just adding more vitality to your gear .
i dislike how boxes will pretend a product is much more expensive than it really is .
if i can find a full size product at the same price you are sending me a deluxe sample for them i should just buy a full size somewhere cheaper .
makes it feel like i waste money since i do n't end up using everything as well .
just to clear up any misinformation the x can and does do 4k60 in some games .
in fact psyonix stated that they 're aiming for 4k60 with full hdr support .
i have n't heard any news since then though .
if you would like to claim this post please respond to this comment with the word claiming or claim in your response .
i will automatically update the flair so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the will be marked as completed .
this is a n image post so please use the following formatting
note to use these format guides all you have to do is copy and paste everything after the line break and before the line break preceding end '' and replace the carets and the values inside them .
the two asterisks turn any text between them into boldtext and the three hyphens in a row when separated by a blank row above and below will become a horizontal rule .
you can see some examples here of what we 're looking for .
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
i am thinking you bought one from amazon wear house .
as it can have prime shipping but anything sold from amazon wear house is not new .
let 's say there are 25 labor mps with question marks .
further lets say that half of them will be able to come up with valid documentation by the due date .
that still leaves 12 in the frame with questions to answer .
let 's further assume that labor are returning the favour and there are probably a few more with questions to answer say 15 .
we could easily hit 30 people being referred to the high court .
at what point do you say the entire parliament is illegitimate ?
those numbers are big enough to swamp majorities etc .
i can see the entire joke getting prorogued till it 's settled and that 's why the lost week .
what gets done then is the last thing that get 's done for a while .
oh and people need to go back through previous mps .
if they were never validly elected then they were never mps and should not be getting pensions etc .
i 'd lay money you could easily find 100 who 's entire careers should get wiped out .
it makes me sad that it has been at an extreme decline in my area in the us the past couple years .
most streetpass spots are gone i have n't found one in a year now .
no one carries their 3ds anymore i used to go downtown the mall heck even wal-mart and get a couple .
that 's like playing cod with the friend who says bullshit everytime he died .
if you hang out with them long enough it will seem that way to you too .
i 'm betting the girl on the left does n't realize how many calories are in alcohol
bit of a woosh there by you i think .
they were making a play on this old meme .
keane is an english rock band first established in battle east sussex united kingdom in 1995 taking their current name in 1997 .
the group is comprised of composer bassist and pianist tim rice-oxley lead vocalist tom chaplin and drummer richard hughes .
their original line-up included founder and guitarist dominic scott who left in 2001 .
for their 2008 album perfect symmetry '' and the following tour jesse quin joined the band on stage to play bass .
he also played a large role in recording the album itself and he subsequently joined the band fully in 2011 .
keane are known for using a piano as their lead instrument instead of guitars significantly differentiating them from most rock bands .
the inclusion of a distorted piano effect since 2006 and various synthesizers are now a common feature in their music that nowadays combines the pure piano rock sound used during their first album and the alternative rock sound which developed during 2005 .
acoustic and power ballads are also a highlight in the group 's music and have evolved into many fan favourite songs such as on a day like today '' and we might as well be strangers '' .
keane 's first two studio albums hopes and fears and under the iron sea achieved great success in the united kingdom upon release and very high sales worldwide their multi-award-winning debut was the best-selling british album of 2004 and their follow-up sold 222,297 copies during its first week on sale in june 2006 .
their third album perfect symmetry was released on 13th october 2008 .
first single 'spiralling ' was available for free download and half a million copies were downloaded worldwide .
the album has clear 80s influences and is compared in q magazine to both david bowie 's 'scary monsters ' and the dandy warhols ' 'welcome to the monkey house ' .
the band have cited talking heads as another key influence .
this was their first album to include guitar successfully breaking away from their original set-up .
the silenced by the night songfacts reports that their fourth album strangeland will be released from 4 may 2012 through island records .
first single 'silenced by the night ' was originally only to be released as a commercial single in the united states but was released worldwide apart from the united kingdom on march 13 2012 .
the single was finally dropped in keane 's home country april 15 2012 .
they 're going to think you 're the one trying to scam them .
i 'm not the one telling people to trust someone else in a protocol whose central point of architecture is trustlessness asshole .
you seem like a very black-and-white white type of person .
i hate people who give bad information to people that leads to them getting their bitcoin stolen .
it 's not insane for people to trust others with their money .
it is completely and utterly insane to trust other poeple with your bitcoin .
or it 's just a grifter trying to steal your money .
if you still did n't get one then this gets my vote https www.amazon.com/pavilion-i5-7300hq-7200rpm-bluetooth-backlit/dp/b0756hyvv9/ref=as_li_ss_tl ? subscriptionid=akiajqyfxgbz6mdo67hq th=1 linkcode=ll1 tag=bkadamos_block2-20 linkid=199949b6558465ba9d96ba136ca0ba60
the original comment can be found in censored form at this link
get the subs and search relentlessly for a sense of purpose which will fuel youre sense of self worth and joy in life .
losing the desire to use is what you need and purpose and joy is how to do that .
sole reason i used slow time all the time back then
i have yet to be drawn towards his light .
i 'm mucking about with satan and his caste of sumo pullers .
the only way to make static rolls feel unique '' is to add a significant amount of weapons so players have variety .
in d1 we had that at the end of roi .
it is frustrating that ppls complaints ruined a good aspect of this game .
that 's what i got still have stock in swansea not much else though
are they really so stupid that they do n't think there is someone at the top of that mlm feeding off all those at the bottom ?
i 've been trying to use the cruise as much as possible .
all this proves is why stats ca n't be looked at in isolation .
it is n't funny in my opinion and maybe a little bit in bad taste but nowhere near as bad as to justify these consequences .
so he made a facebook group to report criminals to the authorities while mocking the status of a notorious hyper violent illegal immigrant gang ms-13 and people lost their shit over it .
i had a nightmare last night that i forgot to do all of my ap stat homework from over the break .
and even bird blackburne morphy etc are players that were active in the second half of the century .
by picking alekhine and capa as those supposedly weak 19th century players the selection really is dubious to say the least .
could be more than 500 millions but no way more than 1 billion .
unfortunately it has been removed because your submission must be a direct link to an image or an album of images .
please feel free to re-submit using a direct image link must end in jpg gif png etc .
blogs social media and similar types of websites will not be approved as per rule 4 .
also if your link ends in ? 1 please remove that and anything else extraneous before submitting .
also we just started working on a whitelist for legitimate reputable news sites related to the arts world .
if your post links to such a website please send us a modmail so that we can add it to the whitelist .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/art if you have any questions or concerns .
the crap that trump is putting this country through and things he decides are important/not are unfortunately going to have a lasting effect far past the term of his presidency .
the fact that other people are following suit is really what worries me .
well i think if you go by the box it 's about 3 servings !
that it 's not about a lack of self-control or lack of understanding of basic nutrition usually but more often than not a deep seated psychological issue with food and eating .
it 's never as simple as just eat less and/or get more exercise it 's never as simple as 'diet starts monday ' the reason overweight people and especially severely overweight and obese people are the size they are is not normally through greed or ignorance but usually a variety of psychological and sociological factors .
and all this is not to say that they get a free pass or that they should stay fat but rather skinny and healthy people should n't presume the reasons you 're fat are entirely down to choice ... no fat person chose to be fat .
i hope we get an option to remove a box from our slots without opening it or spending gems .
that might look like a lot but if you look at the series that got all a remake then agk does n't even come close to that take fma for example also a square enix series and one of the best sellers of the publisher as of now yet .
or look at jokers very popular series kakegurui agk did n't even come close to that sadly .
now i can die knowing that the only thing that stopped me from having a relationship was the lack of being cute
why do i get so many level 18 genji only with 80 win rate if he 's a hero to avoid ?
if he 's so difficult to play they ca n't all be smurfs surely
in america you could walk into a shop and they 'll accept an 1898 dollar bill .
which is why many homeless do n't want to use them .
in probability theory the expected value of a random variable intuitively is the long-run average value of repetitions of the experiment it represents .
for example the expected value in rolling a six-sided dice is 3.5 because the average of all the numbers that come up in an extremely large number of rolls is close to 3.5 .
less roughly the law of large numbers states that the arithmetic mean of the values almost surely converges to the expected value as the number of repetitions approaches infinity .
the expected value is also known as the expectation mathematical expectation ev average mean value mean or first moment .
in probability theory the law of large numbers lln is a theorem that describes the result of performing the same experiment a large number of times .
according to the law the average of the results obtained from a large number of trials should be close to the expected value and will tend to become closer as more trials are performed .
the lln is important because it guarantees '' stable long-term results for the averages of some random events .
for example while a casino may lose money in a single spin of the roulette wheel its earnings will tend towards a predictable percentage over a large number of spins .
if they have an fracp they get called a physician .
it does feel good to know ea 's getting what they deserved making a flawed game minus the monetization ...
in catalan we also say to make a fart into a hundred cracks '' or to make a wheat straw into a wheat stack '' .
there are 12 petals around the rose in this picture
speed kills on youtube even if its duo its basicly the same ... zerk on p2 entery if top dps down before eggs apear once apears surge to p3 p3 is zaros gs spec or just regular dps p4 is zerk dps
build your own rax rotations and learn what the abilitys do before doing them without knowing what they do
03:30 pm et happens when this comment is 9 hours and 30 minutes old .
i 'm a bot if you want to send feedback please comment below or send a pm .
thank you liberals of both sides for your bipartisan effort to destroy any semblance of privacy .
1984 has become a cute joke for the masses .
your question has been removed by an automatic filter .
this could be for a number of reasons 1 your post is a yes or no question 2 your post could be answered in one word 3 you did not post an actual question in the title 4 your question is incomprehensible and the filter did not recognize it as an actual question .
regardless of whether you think this message is in error 95 of the time it is not .
if you have re-read your question re-read the sidebar and still believe that this is a failure of our automatic filter it 's just a computer then message us with both a link to this post do not delete it or we can not see it and your reasoning as to why it does not violate our rules .
excuse the abrasive approach most of our mod messages are because of this filter .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askmen if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm pretty sure that font used in the numbers is n't soldier 's font and has been used so many times before .
the most likely explanation is its locked down on purpose because they do n't want to let you do that .
yeah they should have like private-session for that kind of shit .
what i want to listen to while giving a massage or being at the gym is n't what i want in my regular life '' .
sure thrash metal can be sweet at the gym but when i 'm reading a book going from soft indie pop to slayer is jarring .
ah real policing at its finest ... going after the big fish ... like hiring revenue gathering and other various important deeds..
i 'm quantifiably in the 88th percentile of openness which in the big 5 personality model is mostly a metric of imagination .
i 'm a professional artist and in my community of professional artists people think my ideas are always the weirdest and most hair-brained .
i 'm telling you right now that any virtue pushed too far becomes a sickness and when imagination pushes too far the sickness is losing touch with basic reality and if you 're contemplating the potential philosophical validity of people enjoying being stabbed in the face as a universally good thing you 've definitely crossed that threshold .
you do n't need to sort out this question about god .
you need to stop asking questions and just experience the world without judging it for a little bit .
that definition that pops up at the top of google is the definition of the expected value for a discrete random variable with a finite number of possible values .
expected value '' refers to the probability of a single event as determined by a large number of trials .
states firstly that the expected value is a probability which it 's not .
and secondly implies that it 's an estimate which is found via a large sample size which it 's not .
yes you can estimate the expected value via large samples due to the law of large numbers but that is not the definition of an expected value .
to put it in mathematical terms the expected value is the value which the rate of occurrence of a specified event will approach over an arbitrarily large number of potential occurrences .
is describing in layman 's terms how one could arrive at an estimate of the expected value via the law of large numbers but that is not the definition of the expected value .
even the layman 's definition of the expected value that pops up on google is n't perfect when it describes the expected value as a prediction but at least it has a very good summary of an expected value in the phrase calculated as the sum of all possible values each multiplied by the probability of its occurrence '' .
which is not at all what you 've described here several times .
so do n't try telling me that your stated definition of the expected value is right when it does n't even match anything that pops up via your condescending google search .
i 've studied statistics this is my primary area of expertise and i 'm telling you that you 're wrong .
even the entirety of the wikipedia article for the expected value https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/expected_value and wikipedia is quite good when it comes to reference material for mathematics has nothing approaching your definition of the expected value .
because you 've literally been describing the law of large numbers https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/law_of_large_numbers this whole time .
so i 'll say it again while at least that other guy had his math right and i was arguing with him about interpretation and the usefulness of the expected value in the context of the scenario you do n't even have the mathematical definitions correct .
i 've primarily been a casual player and i finally went to my first tournament sometime around the beginning of the year .
i 've had plenty of experience flying but i 've only ever been to the one tournament and it was a small local tournament .
i 'm not going to lie i 'm both as excited as i am nervous just thinking about going to regionals .
do you guys have any suggestions on what i can expect anything i should bring with me or things i should prepare for ?
i 'd really like to see lisa getting a steam award this year .
i surmise that if we all vote on one topic it might make a teeny-tiny dent in the voting process .
i was thinking maybe the haunts my dreams '' award what do y'all think ?
is the flashback player truly 88 ovr or is it wrong like picture also saying 10 packs when there is 13 ?
so my game is finally at a point where it 's worthy of being sold in stores but i 've got no idea what the things i need to know with regard to selling it in a store .
i 've already got a good relationship with the game store owner and he 's already said that he 'd stock the game .
what i do n't know is who gets or is supposed to get how much out of the sales of the product .
so lately my poor aerio has had a big vibration problem .
when i start it up and it 's cold whenever i drive the engine vibrates like it 's bouncing kind of like how they used to drive cars in old cartoons .
when the engine warms up it begins to shudder periodically when idle to the point where i can almost hear it go brrrrrr '' .
it still vibrates when moving but a lot less so .
it 's only noticeable in fifth when going 100km/h aprox .
i reckon it 's probably the motor mounts spark plugs or the filters or something .
something is definitely wrong as it 's only been doing this for less than a week and i 've had the car for about a month and a half .
i 've been playing league since season 1 and have been in plat/diamond for 4 seasons .
this is without question the worst preseason that top lane mains have had to put up with .
there are no decent mastery options for champions like kled irelia jax etc .
the loss of fervor has destroyed those champs and made it impossible for them to have a decent laning phase .
2 tanks do stupid amounts of damage in lane .
tahm kench maokai shen etc do unreasonable amounts of damage all while being tanky and continuing to stack health .
they also received demolish which makes them just as good if not better at split pushing than champs like fiora tryndamere and jax .
with the domination tree adding so many useful tools for junglers specifically predator .
there is very little counterplay for most top lane champions .
4 the champions that are good in top lane are not fun to lane against .
no one wants to lane against singed jayce teemo pantheon yorick every game and if it 's not one of those champions it 's usually a tank that does almost just as much damage .
riot really needs to take a look at this because as a top lane main i 'm honestly ready to just quit until they fix this because it 's just not fun to play .
so i dunno how long this will be but bare with me because i want to set this scene as it unfolded for me as it 's a sensitive topic .
i 'm a bit of an explorer me and another friend like to go to isolated places or trespass in privet areas never with mal-intent just dont like being told where we can and cant be when were totally respectful of our environment and explore or climb .
so one day i 'm on a bus to dublin and there 's this stretch of road that 's pretty dead just a load of farmland and a housing estate somewhere in the middle .
i sit on top deck to see over the farmland walls there 's a couple old medieval stone buildings i 've been eyeing up in the fields but today just behind a tall treeline i notice a little arial antenna sticking out of the barely visible corner of a concrete building .
what massive building was hiding behind these trees was there ?
so i tell my friend we 'll call him g and we do some scouting .
on the whole road there 's only one entrance we see that could lead to this place and it 's protected by some really old rusty gates that look like they 'd fall of their hinges if u climbed over with a sign attached warning cctv
figure it 's a bluff considering the entrance to discourage trespassing .
we find it on google world view and the place is fucking huge like a shopping centre .
we gear up torches camera crowbar binoculars and leave our phones keys and ids behind only bring appropriate gear we did n't know if it was abandoned or not .
do n't bring important things u can lose give away ur position or that can be traced to you if found we park his car in the housing estate on the road .
it 's 2am everyone should be sleeping minimalising risks .
we jump a wall into a field instead of taking the main gate risking the unlikely cctv so we 're about halfway across the field when the farm house lights up and we hit the floor .
kinda surprised we have n't even gotten there and we were already going stealth mode do n't need angry farmers thinking were doing stuff to their sheep at 2am the guys house is glass at the front so the light shines across the whole fucking feilds and we 're crawling through shit and nettles to get to a ditch .
we see a guy leave the house and go into the garage we stay still waiting for him to go back inside .
the house was pitch black before and we thought anyone there was asleep .
25 minutes waiting for him to back inside and turn lights off .
really weird ... fuck this waiting we army crawl by the sheep being confident if we had been spotted someone would be shouting or shooting at us by now .
hop over a barbed fence and use crowbar to help clear the thick bush of nettles and thorns and shrubs and there it is .
this 5-7 story building surrounded by its own rubble and debris but only the main building had been boarded up .
it must be abondoned it 's falling apart .walls collapsed floors inside had been torn up and burned and had swollen from rain since the roof was also falling in at places trash everywhere tiles falling from walls .
we could n't even tell what this place used to be but this was great i was gon na come back with spray paint and work undisturbed .
so now the main buildings turn we can see main entrance is blocked from afar so we climb up a level and g starts prying the plywood from a window so at least we 're not breaking anything on the ground floor letting anyone in .
oh shit there is security cameras good ones barely visible in the dark and up so high but there were actually a couple on each corner covering most angles of the place even where we came through the bushes which was the back of this place .
we 'd facemasks so no biggy .red flag 1 .
this made me a little uneasy coupled with the guy from the farm it also dawned on me the wood was pretty fresh no rot or mould or discolouration .
what was in this isolated thrashpile worth the effort of boarding all windows and cost of covering in security cameras ? ? ?
uhh i was not feeling amazing about this anymore but i was curious as hell and we 'd already been spotted on camera if we were gon na get caught we 'd get caught .
inside the place is just as fucked up as the surrounding buildings minus waterdamage .
just grimy covered in rubbish and broken shit were being pretty quiet just looking around for something that might tell us something most doors were actually locked and the ones open were either broken locks or empty door frames i started wondering if we might find a safe or something valuable consideration the safest precautions what we found was much worse the place made lots of noise and seemed to just groan by itself the tiles jingled from dust and smashed stuff be kicked across it and floorboards just moaned and squeeked .
i got shushed by g we waited i heard nothing .
the place smelled weird but closer to the stairs the stranger it got .
we were sneaking listening down the stairs slowly i heard something like a sobbing maybe an old pipe but no .
this is what g heard the gentle sobbing of someone we stood frozen listening staring at eachother .red flag 2 .
he gripped the crowbar tight and we both reached the bottom .
i turned off my touch and he shone his just barely behind us to lower visibility just so we could see where we step .
we listened down a hall it was clear now just a sad painful gentle cry ... then a rattle of a chain .
at the end of a corridor there was a patch barely illuminated as light flickered from the room containing the sound of the sobbing another definite chain rattle against wood .
i was done we came somewhere bad and underprepared and we 'd definitely been seen on camera breaking and entering ...
g was stepping forward again when i grabbed him hard and whispered im not fucking going down there we need to leave now '' he could n't go on without me and i could n't leave without him he shouted down the hallway crowbar gripped tight is somebody hurt ?
please help no run save me pleeaseee just goooo help meeeee ! ! ! ! ''
there was n't a break between the words and the chain lashed around and i could imagine someone just locked up flailing to get free after losing hope but time had just slowed down at this point and there was a bunch of banging from upstairs now .
i grabbed g and pulled him to start running upstairs the banging was footsteps there could have been 2 pairs there could have been 4 but they were at the floor above us by the time we were running back toward ourwindow and we were n't willing to find out how many dudes were after us or if they were armed or not !
the whole time the man begging for us to come back for him .
so scared of being caught it felt like running in water and we were just so slow.jumping from the window i could hear someone else shouting after us there ! stop !
we hit the ground running and the sound of at least one dog was already getting closer fast but neither of us looked back we reefed ourselves through the thorns again running about 20 m into the field and crawling to kill our visabilty.not taking notice of the shit or nettles .
we could hear the dog/s roaming the area and a man whistling .
the feilds was dark again without the farm light lucky for us and we crawled fast running once we were half way to the wall we originally jumped .
we hid in the estate instead of driving immediately and did n't a car with 2 guys i did n't see properly because i was trying to not be seen drive a single slow lap of the estate before leaving again in a rush ... . we stayed another 20 minutes before driving and had a joint to help us sleep after all that we lost a torch inside the house when the man cried for help and to run and g lost the camera jumping the window ... .
we 've never attempted a retrieval and we never told the police as we 'd technically commited a crime and have no evidence ...
it 's really shook me and i think i 'll be haunted by this forever i ca n't imagine what was happening there ?
and this is the first time i shared this whole mess .
hoping i get a little closure or something i guess .
i think we 're both a little ashamed of being so scared and not able to do anything i really hope that guy deserved whatever was happening to him ... and i 'm so glad it was only a camera and not our keys or phones that got lost because we might have been the next one 's chained there if they were able to id us .
be safe explorers thanks for listening peace and love .
considering the world juniors start in a month and elias pettersson is the greatest u20 player to ever play the game what are your expectations of him in the tournament ?
will you be happy with a silver medal loss to canada and him leading the tournament in points or does he have to break every single offensive record for this year to be a success for him ?
as many of you probably know cod wwii came out this month .
i bought the game and played it since it was wwii themed and i like the world wars .
anyways after playing it for some time i went back to rainbow and found looking around to be so much different .
in both games i run max sensitivity because i find that the easiest to use going from pc to console .
when i played wwii there was no acceleration when you looked .
when you flicked the right analog stick all the way you immediately went full speed .
however when you do this with rainbow it takes about half a second to go to full speed .
for most and even for me back before wwii this was n't very noticable but after playing cod and even some other games extensively i started to found it to be almost unplayable in a way that i just could n't get as many kills as i used to .
also just because i mentioned cod this does n't mean you should n't downvote .
think of this as more control that the player has towards how they play .
it would just be in the controls section and you can go from 0 instant speed with where ever the analog stick is to 100 acceleration at max takes half a second to reach max speed .
there would n't be a negative to this as it is already defaulted at 100 as that would be how it is right now .
many other games have this like battlefield 1 gta 5 and many more .
as i am writing this i realized that i might have mixed up max and no acceleration as battlefield has 0 acceleration to get to max speed right away and gta has max acceleration to get to max speed right away .
tl dr rainbow six siege has really low accerleration for looking around and it takes half a second to get to full speed when you flick your right analog stick .
the slider that i am suggesting would go from 0 to 100 with 100 being the default .
0 would mean where ever you moved your right analog stick it would get up to that speed automatically and max acceleration would be how it is now !
if you change your sensitivity to max and go on a camera look around and go back and look around you will see what 0 acceleration camera and 100 acceleration player could look like
edit i had to repost this and delete the previous one as you ca n't set flairs on mobile once it 's already posted .
anybody else having trouble when withdrawing from kraken lately ?
i keep getting error 502 and a long wait .
i just got a job faster than anyone else in my college program .
my girlfriend keeps talking about how lucky i am and how i 've got it all .
i feel like crying most of the time because i 'm just so scared .
i do n't think i 'm going to be good at my new job and i 'm scared to fail .
i 'm also scared that i picked the wrong company and that i 'm going to be miserable working there .
i 'm scared that my relationship is n't as solid as i think it is .
and the brakes on my new used car squeak and the check engine light just came on so now i 'm wondering if i made a bad purchase and if i 'm going to have to sink even more money into the car .
i was so nervous when i bought that car that i thought i was going to puke .
the whole shopping experience was stressful the purchase was stressful and if i need repairs they will be stressful too plus i ca n't afford them !
i feel like my anxiety which has been getting progressively worse over the years is at an all time high and it 's sapping all the joy out of my life and then i 'm anxious because i feel like i 'm wasting my 20s being worried and unhappy instead of enjoying them while they last .
i personally hate her and i believe majority of the fan base does but yet he show runners continues to praise her .
i believe she was a better character as a side character .
at this point it feels like felicity could take oliver 's place .
as the title says i 'm currently looking for a down/puffer jacket .
i 'd like to have one in yellow or orange cause i already own so many black jackets .
i know barely anyone uses them but it 's my fave car
lately i 've been interested in being fin dom but i have nooooo clue where to start or even what i could do .
i do n't look very dominating but i feel like that adds a lot to it especially when it comes to intimate interactions .
if anyone has any ideas examples ideas explanations etc .
for anything for a potential fin dom link them or send them my way !
i have a really good friend who is turning into 40 years old .
as a first gift i want to offer him a book about seduction or alpha-male .
so i want a book to give him ideas .
you obviously are n't padding your kdr since war does n't contribute to those stats .
you are n't helping your team because the enemy just respawns near where you killed missed them .
i wan na get that fudge hot chocolate but like i 've never been so pls tell me how to not look retarded when i order
i do n't know how economically viable it 'll be for blizzard..
but i just noticed having a golden hero.. and then playing a regular dk.. kinda feelsbadman..
edit maybe we do n't get a new dk card.. rather the dk we used gets transformed replaced into golden .
so effectively.. we have 1 copy of dk and in general we wo n't dust the golden dk.. as its our only copy and we obviously use it a lot .
edit2 it 'll also help with the lack of feeling of progression people have been complaining about .
i 'm looking for good books that lay out and discuss the history of video games .
how they came to be which ones were the first out there how the graphics evolved from 8-bit to what we have today .
how back in 80s you had a number of consoles to choose from while today it 's a choice between what nintendo sony and microsoft have to offer .
also video game generations '' explained apparently we currently live in the 9th generation .
i really want to evolve my murkrow but the dusk stone is so late in the game .
if anyone who could spare one that would be great !
per la scimmia che è in voi per condividere offerte e occasioni se smaniate per l'ultimo acquisto o per necessità
why on god 's green earth does everyone hate roleplayers now ?
i 'm sure part of it is lul something something hive mind something something lul but come on guys .
like the title says i 've been at my current/first job for 4 months .
the work is very challenging mostly in a good way but i do find myself stressed out often but i noticed an opening at a company that i 'm very interested in working for .
the company is involved in an industry that i 'm very passionate about .
4 months is almost certainly too short for a first job .
however this position might not be available in a few months from now when it would be appropriate to leave my first position .
what might you do if you were in my position ?
do n't let them circumvent it by spamming the most irritating voice line they can find especially after the global volume change .
here 's the link http bit.ly/2gav4og btw fb group https facebook.com/groups/326747374417279
i have often thought about the show using treemail as a device where contestants can communicate with the other tribe ahead of the merge .
would anyone be interested if they each had their own sections of treemail along with the tribes to send letters to the other tribe should they desire it .
i often think of it as an extension of where jt gave russell the idol .
you can pretend like you are in danger to the other tribe .
i just feel like this could be an interesting device brought into the show .
friends pay attention to aex platform today bitusd will have a surprise today bitcoin breakthrough 9500 in order to acknowledge the support of friends has always been aex platform will give you a surprise today please pay attention to oh !
write down your experiences of buying the most regretful things .
if your comment on thumb up is in the top 50 you get 1,000 doge .
aex bitcoin trading exchange to support a variety of digital asset spot transactions including bitcoin litecoin ethereum and other online purchase and sale trading services to provide you with a leading bitcoin trading experience to meet your investment needs .
great news major news aex bitcoin trading platform and a new move according to the bitcoin trading platform aex partner btc38 staff revealed that the aex will be opening this week on bitusd trading in order to thank my dear users they will send 3 million bts a can at any time to pay attention to oh surprise so as not to miss !
now or never oh buddies in the browser search www.aex.com '' on the aex website you can always focus on their dynamic
i like how religion is depicted in the sa books
i love that the books ask real questions about religion i love that it gives this subject time but does n't stretch it or put too much focus to it
plus have anyone noticed how nice the religions in roshar are ?
the target of vorinism is to help people become as good as possible in what they do and encourage them in anyway they choose to do that
am i the only one who think this way ?
tell us one thing you 're worried about in the upcoming week onion and one thing you 're looking forward to orchid !
i normally ignored this store whenever i went to the mall but one day i got curious about their aromatherapy products after my dentist seriously she has her essential oils in her office for display told me how aromatherapy could help me cope with my anxiety .
lucky me some weeks ago they had that all lotions are at 4 ! ''
sale and i decided to give the series a try .
bought focus for myself and stress relief and comfort for my parents as a gift .
i have to say i love the shit out of these scents .
mine 's strong scent fades away quickly but it 's still a pretty great scent .
also neither me nor my mom have gotten rashes or any nasty effects and we 're usually allergic to stuff with fragrance .
man it really sounds like i 'm some sort of shill but i love to sniff this shit fuck ! ! !
i 'm waiting on the pocket version of the new scent they released this week it smells delicious but i 'm too cheap to buy the regular body lotion bottle .
also pro tip do n't buy the roll-on for focus it 's the lesser-lasting scent as i mentioned earlier .
get yourself the pocket version of the body lotion instead far cheaper and actually retains the smell longer .
one of the major common flaws i see in lower rank players is the huge issue of tunnel visioning mid fight .
often players will ask teammates how did we lose that fight meanwhile they are playing rein — swinging into the enemy team while a flanking mccree kills their entire team .
tip do n't always look for enemies to kill but rather look for teammates to help .
i promise you this will aid your overall focus and sense of positioning in game .
what i mean is say you have an idealized implementation where each cell will update in parallel such as you would have if there were a real conway life universe out there somewhere or as with a hardware version where each cell was wired to update on a clock edge .
even with this sort of situation is it possible for conway life to be practical as a computing machine for any purpose other than conway life itself ?
what about 2d versions of the same sort of cellular automata ?
based on the budget gaming build on pcpartpicker i 've upgraded the ram and switched to a ssd .
i have around 200 left to spend and am not really sure what to upgrade .
i imagine the video card but do n't really know how to pick a good one .
i have access to windows through my partners school .
pcpartpicker part list https ca.pcpartpicker.com/list/kwlg8k price breakdown by merchant https ca.pcpartpicker.com/list/kwlg8k/by_merchant
if you do n't find out the truth you 'll keep living in deception and living in a life of fairy tale while your partner keeps outsmarting and taking advantage of you.i never had the thought of hacking my spouse 's cell but when i stumbled online across an article on how a man gave out his complete love to his wife only for him to be cheated on .
i developed goosebumps and decided to give it a try.i contacted her to help me find out about my spouse 's fidelity .
i could almost vouch for him until she showed me all his social media conversations text messages call records media files pictures videos including my conversations with him without touching his phone it was unbelievable and mind-blowing .
stop living in uncertainty and find out the truth .
you have nothing to lose because you will be satisfied with her services.i hope this helps .
welcome to the bonfire our weekly off topic thread .
this is a place where anyone can talk about anything unrelated to dark souls and get to know your fellow undead a bit better .
be sure to check the r/darksouls/wiki page where you can find community-created tips and research threads .
you only need 10 karma from r/darksouls to contribute .
fdev i 've loved the thargoid fights and getting together with friends to bring them down but you 'll lose a lot of players if the material collection cg fails .
specifically it seems widespread look through the reddit or forums that the materials that are required just are n't showing up in cargo holds when scooped .
it 's one thing to set a difficult goal it 's another thing entirely to withhold rewards that could n't be met because players who made an honest effort could n't get past a game-breaking well cg-breaking glitch .
pc for graphic design gaming and htc vive use .
i like asus products and wo n't likely buy a case by anyone but fractal .
however if think there are any mistakes i 'd like to hear from you before i order .
pcpartpicker part list https ca.pcpartpicker.com/list/kdxzbp price breakdown by merchant https ca.pcpartpicker.com/list/kdxzbp/by_merchant
pcpartpicker part list https pcpartpicker.com/list/rdwvgl price breakdown by merchant https pcpartpicker.com/list/rdwvgl/by_merchant
we have ended the violence against the rohingya people with china 's proposal https www.reddit.com/r/geosim/comments/7fkqez/diplomacy_maybe_a_short_pause_on_the_whole which we feel is a perfect solution for the unrest .
we have provided the rohingya transportation to the chinese border and we have taken care of them when they reach the border .
we have built holding camps that are providing those who have not had the chance to cross the border yet with supplies and medical attention .
the rohingya people will have a far better life in china given the opportunities they will be provided .
we ask for eu to end the sanctions against us as we have ended the violence and a peaceful solution has been exercised .
import saffron endo saffron mantis saffron triplex purple fsl 2x magic missle titanium white sniper magic missile furry crimson saptarishi black animus gp sky blue animus gp endo octane zsr mantis dominus gt and 2x centio v17
very rare grey spirilas saffron spirilas saffron guardian fireplugs 2x pink slk polygonal spiralis x 2 1 paragon cert turtle troika hexphase blazer friction hot rocks lightspeed revenant and octane mg-88
the exotic and mythical land of meigma is a rich and stable successor state of the old vasilikos empire that is on the rise to challenge the remnants for total succession .
mixing the cultures and traditions of the old empire along with the native ones has lead to an incorporation of the ancient warrior cults along with the great beasts of the land to supplement their armies .
unique units cultists of crocodilopolis cultists of mau battle chariots armoured and towered warbeasts .
archontas the general the king of meigma a former half-orc archontas was already a litch by the time he joined kataktitis 's army as a cavalryman .
a smart and cunning man he rose to be a respected commander of cavalry and often served at the kings side during his many campaigns with distinction .
by the end of the empire he had become a great general in his own right serving as a vanguard to the kings personal forces .
with the respect of thousands as being the peaceful left hand of the king saving people from his brutal hands he had the full loyalty of many city states and his army .
taking what resources he could in the resulting destruction and civil wars he established his own personal kingdom and solidified his control in the proceeding decades .
by the current day he is known as the king of meigma and is one of the strongest potential successors to the vasilikos empire .
his compassion towards his defeated enemies and personal combat abilities are to the awe of his neighbours often drawing in new allies where others might find only enemies .
hypatia the bloody priestess of mau a demi-elf priestess and head of the cult of mau hypatia was born after the major civil wars had ended .
a beautiful and intelligent woman hypatia was inducted into the cult of mau at a young age and proved her worth as an assassin .
rising up the ranks of the cult she soon came into conflict with the forces of archontas the general barely escaping from a small skirmish with his hoplites .
an short war erupted across several city states as the cult battled the growing authority of archontas until a disastrous raid would kill off the other leaders of the cult except her .
the fighting has such an impression on archontas that he soon called for a meeting between himself and the remaining leaders of the cult of mau of which was only hypatia .
after an impromptu assassination attempt where she duelled archontas to a stand still the two agreed to work together a mutually beneficial agreement and to the benefit of all .
by the current day hypatia is known as the priestess of mau head of the cult of mau and a deadly assassin towards the enemies of meigma .
her cult skilled in quick bloody attacks and assassination work to further the cause of meigma and the cult of mau where open warfare or diplomacy can not .
hektor the brave champion of crocodilopolis a half-demon warrior and the greatest champion of the cult of crocodilopolis hektor was born in a city under siege and was raised in a time of constant war .
a brutish and angry young child hektor fought in his first battle at the 10 with an axe and was soon chosen by the cult of crocodilopolis for his ferociousness .
working to refine the child 's anger to purpose the cult worked hektor hard with training which only relented during rituals .
broken beaten and moulded hektor grew into a beast of a man who gained a greater control of illusion magic over the years that allowed him to strike with phantasmal limbs in combat .
by the age of 20 hektor was a brave and bright person who 's years of torment had pacified his rage outside of battle and was the toast of many feasts .
come the time of archontas the general the king of meigma the cult had grown in prestige and renown that even in open battle none could best the cultists of crocodilopolis .
offered an alliance and the chance for greater glory hektor the brave the champion of crocodilopolis accepted and soon joined the armies of meigma on the field of battle .
by the current day hektor is still leading the cult of crocodilopolis serving as the right hand of archontas as the champion of not only the cult but the whole of meigma .
his bravery and ferocity in combat easily makes him one of the strongest warriors in the world easily besting even centuries old litches in skill and prowess .
these are a kind of armoured infantry who are armed with a variety of large two handed battle axes .
able to call upon the ferocity and rage of their cult in order to hack through even heavy armoured opponents .
cultists of mau armed with bronze claws and slings .
these are a kind of irregular infantry who are very quick and quite stealthy .
able to strike and retreat quickly in both melee and from range they excel at exploiting weaknesses .
battle chariots armed with xiphos swords doru spears javelins and chariot mounted scythes .
armoured with phrygian helmets cuirass greaves and aspis shields .
these are a kind of heavily armoured cavalry who excel at charging isolated enemy infantry and skirmishers .
able to use their war beasts to charge into groups of soldiers where the beasts and the chariots riders can savagely cut them apart or pelt them with javelins without needing to disembark .
armoured and towered warbeasts various monstrous beasts armed with claw teeth muscle and javelins .
these are various large and powerful beasts who have been covered in scale armour and mounted with wooden battle towers .
able to utilize a variety of different creatures to devastate the enemy while garrisoned peltasts rain javelins from a covered tower on the backs of these monsters .
they need macaulay culkin to play the part of marv .
and we kept going around the merry-go-round going nowhere .
and we kept making mistakes over and over again .
we 'd draw the blinds and disappear into each other for a little while .
that little voice in the back of my mind whispering do n't go '' .
but you were always drawing me in like a moth to the flame .
the nights i spent crying because i thought this is it it 's over .
begging for some explanation for why i was never enough why you treated me that way .
did you ever see how much you were hurting me ?
fuck and you 'd just dig a little deeper each time .
you 'll never know how much you hurt me .
just sitting in lobby unable to start/join a game .
i 'm am a two hander with a 450 rev rate .
lately while bowling my carry has been absolutely horrendous 6/10 pocket shots strike .
i tried speeding my ball up but that leaves flat 10s i slow it down and my ball takes off early or leaves a ringer 10 .
this is the case for all of my equipment .
i have an iq tour wipeout lt-48 snap lock zero gravity and optimus that all do the same thing all low rg fast revving equipment too .
my only idea is to sand my new deep freeze which has a 2.59 r.g .
much higher than my other balls and maybe that could give me better carry and more control .
relatively new to wow but i 'm well versed in competitive play .
just looking to start up on wow considering i 've quit gw2 .
call of duty united offensive call of duty 2 pc
guild wars gvg prot monk for edible granite pencil yumy won gold in feb 2010 mat
halo 3 50 in team doubles snipers slayer 1900 lan tourneys
call of duty mw2 black ops mw3 black ops 2 xbox
i 'm inspired by the recent question about self-taught programmers getting jobs .
i 'm wondering if there are any self taught hobbyists or professionally trained hobbyists too i guess not looking for traditional programming work ?
do you have plans to monetise your hobby eventually ?
they just rented their first ever office space and they 're in there now moving in furniture on sunday night .
but now.he has keys to a private office downtown he can access any time and a job where the hours vary .
the hours varied before but now it seems worse .
he will send me a picture of where he is to prove it if i ask .
i felt like we are making progress and we are but the trust is just completely gone .
how do you cope with anxiety about their work ?
ops sound pretty busy tonight with the football game tonight .
drunk people being drunks people crawling through windows them trying to keep lanes open for buses etc.. sheesh .
i 'm going to hope nothing too bad happens to the officers .
please remember to use proposal '' before an amendment to ensure all assemblymen are pinged .
if your having trouble nihlus can one shot the final stage if he 's farmed up
hi so tomorrow i have a interview for a afternoon shift met team position 2pm to 10pm that 's really close to where i live .
i use to work the daytime position this past october but left because i was working part time and had to pay uber every morning to get home because my car broke down shortly after i got the job being a broke college student sucks lol and it was n't worth it for what i was making .
when i re applied online i applied with another email because my old one got hacked thanks yahoo the thing is that when i filled out the application again my crappy computer did n't update my work experience/education experience also took like 20 times jamming the submit button to send it 😂 so it 's like i never worked there .
i removed tweaks that relate to the appstore removed device passcode and turned off find my iphone .
while inside cydia eraser itself the application crashes about 10 minuets in its process .
is there something missing for it to successfully complete ?
also i checked on getting osrestorex up and running since it worked in the past for me but the repo for it is off .
followed every prep step but also had airplane mode on this time .
erased everything from inside settings although i was n't automatically routed to the app..
so yeah i just came out to my mom as a trans guy .
she seemed to be a bit in shock so she got a bit defensive and said it would be hard for her to stop thinking of me in terms of my birth name or she/her/hers pronouns i opted not to tell her that my chosen name is aaron because i 'm pretty sure she would get more aggressive if i did and say that that 's a name she would n't have chosen or that it 's weird cause we know one guy named aaron .
i did n't want to get mocked for my name either .
she also said she would help me with seeing a gender therapist but that she would n't help me with changing anything '' about my body which is what i expected that 's fine i think she 's helping me with the therapist because she thinks that means i 'm not sure/might change my mind .
i thought i would feel better but right now i just feel exposed and vulnerable and in shock like some bleeding fish worried a shark is around .
edit i forgot to mention her first reaction was to ask if i was telling her because i 'm already starting to take hormones .
i 'm thinking of upgrading my hardware for the purpose of getting better performance in vr but i do n't really know where my bottleneck is .
looking at my specs what would you recommend sinking some money into ?
that 's great deal to me jisiwei i3 robotic vacuum cleaner http couponsfromchina.com/2017/11/23/jisiwei-i3-robotic-vacuum-cleaner-coupon-price-gearbest really good discount !
please use this thread to discuss anything you 'd like !
hey a while back on our blog https navigatingworldsblog.wordpress.com/2017/10/14/10-science-fiction-issues-that-never-became-a-reality i started a bit of a silly discussion about science fiction ideas i had read about as a kid that i was genuinely worried would become a problem as an adult .
for example when i first read a book which included cloning i really thought that technology would be common place now in a much less subtle way like photocopying for humans 😅 than has eventuated .
i 'd love to hear what concepts intrigued you as a kid ?
i definitely thought we would need flying cars by now .
the bad reviews i 've been reading are from 6 months ago .
if minergate is still bad is there a better alternative that i can use for cpu mining ?
i like the fact that minergate allowed me to download a program on mac and has an easy interface .
i 've noticed that most of y'all seem to be on lr/ps probably cos mostly amateur to professional level
however i have total income of zero as i 'm still schooling
1 whether it 's good enough to help process photos
i 'm mainly aiming to do the kinda photos where you stitch multiple exposures together and astrophotography editing
tl dr i 'm a complete newbie armed with only gimp can someone tell me if i 'm gon na make it through alive .
need info on traveling to revelstoke for the first time ?
for new and experienced snowboarders with any questions at all about snowboarding including gear learning what to wear where to go what terminplogy is rad etc .
please ask questions in this thread and let the r/snowboarding community help out .
this is meant as a judgement-free and welcoming environment for noobs to ask any kind of question related to snowboarding no matter how dumb it may seem .
i managed to escape from shoreline customs factory and woods .
i am now level 7 but still can not access any of the other locations .
two of the children in pascal 's village died holding hands .
i 've recently started playing dark souls and it 's been a blast i 'm up to blighttown now and starting to notice a real spike in difficulty .
something that bothers me quite a bit though is that the game does n't appear to save when quitting as it should .
i play on pc steam version i always quit via the menu system quit game and then quit dark souls in the main menu .
i still regularly get a message that i did not quit correctly and lose up to half an hour or so of progress .
when running all the way up to undead parish from the depths to buy purification stones i know the female undead merchant sells them as well but 6000 souls is a bit steep .
any ideas on what i might be doing wrong ?
how to get my hands on pepper spray or tasers in riyadh ?
i need something that 's easy to use quickly and easy to carry .
are they any issues regarding loosing focus and re-focus while recording ?
i 've commuted by car within north shore south auckland central and east auckland in the past and the shore by far takes the longest to get between places .
is it because of poor road planning and/or limited public transport uptake compared to other regions ?
die ingo maurer hot achille ist eine ode und eine widmung ingo maurers an den großen mittlerweile verstorbenen italienischen industriedesigner achille castiglioni .
die minimalistische gestaltung legt den fokus auf das wesentliche und macht die hot achille so zu einer hervorragenden leseleuchte .
an der decke befestigt wird das koaxialkabel an dem der drehbare und verschiebbare reflektor befestigt ist mittels eines verstellbaren gewichtes gestrafft .
die lichtintensität der hot achille kann über einen schnurtrafo mit schiebedimmer stufenlos reguliert werden .
um auch unterschiedlichen raumhöhen gerecht zu werden bietet ingo maurer die hot achille in zwei verschieden langen varianten an – 300 cm und 350 cm .
i really do n't think it 's a good reason fallout four .
i do n't know if i ask my question on the good subreddit but here we go !
as part of one of my courses i am supposed to build an application thanks to mit app inventor that drives a small car .
to drive the car we send strings such as r10 '' to turn the right wheel at 10m/s .
now i 've put a slider so i 'm able to choose the speed .
my question is how do i take the value of the slider and assign it to the string i need to send ?
here are screenshots to help you understand https imgur.com/syiaisc.jpg https i.imgur.com/vx8jo6y.jpg
this theory elaborates on some of the information provided from this past theory https www.reddit.com/r/pokemonconspiracies/comments/6ros80/ghetsiss_motives involving ghetsis 's motives in the 5th gen games and his reason for wanting to take over unova .
the theory states that ghetsis 's main reason for wanting to conquer unova and commit even the most violent and immoral acts in order to do so is because he believes it is his birthright to rule it being a descendant of the harmonia family line .
n 's surname is also harmonia but whether he too is a descendant of the harmonia family line or ghetsis just gave him that name when he took him in is hard to tell .
but all we do know is that ghetsis takes the harmonia name extremely seriously almost as if it were a status symbol .
ghetsis after all of that do you think you 're still worthy of sharing the name harmonia with me ?
the name harmonia is never directly mentioned again after that and the events that took place in n 's castle in b/w .
however it is heavily implied that the king of the now-sunk abyssal ruins in undella bay is named harmonia '' and was revered as a great and honorable ruler that brought prosperity to his people even more so in b2/w2 when zinzolin offers his help in the post-game to decipher the runes within the ruins .
zinzolin i have papers that lord ghetsis left behind .
with these you can read the ancient scripts in the abyssal ruins .
as my own small little way to atone for my sins i 'll read them to you ! ''
the fact that he only shows up in undella town because he wants to learn more about the ruins because ghetsis left these notes behind may imply that ghetsis himself may have some relation to the abyssal ruins hence furthering the implications that the king that ruled these ruins went under the name harmonia . ''
of course the game never tells us this directly .
the name harmonia '' is never shown in any of the runes in the abyssal ruins but the number of blotched out letters i.e. symbols zinzolin can not translate is equal to the number of letters in harmonia '' in every language the games are translated in .
there are some characters i ca n't recognize but based on the context ... an extremely wonderful king was laid to rest in those ruins .
if that king has descendants maybe those special powers were passed down ... ''
this quote alone may explain ghetsis 's ego and perfectionist nature viewing himself as a perfect being and the only one fit to be the absolute ruler of unova .
it also explains his outfit in b/w and team plasma 's medieval motif in those games .
however ghetsis is n't the only antagonist in a main series pokemon game that is descendant from his native region 's royal bloodline ...
and x/y is much more upfront about lysandre 's relations to az 's younger brother than b/w and b2/w2 were with ghetsis and the harmonia bloodline .
i 'm a descendant of the king 's younger brother .
that being said that story is 3,000 years old so it might not be entirely reliable . ''
long long ago the king of kalos sought to take everything for his own and he created a terrible weapon .
then the fire of destruction was unleashed ... that is the legend that has been passed down . ''
what the king of kalos did was reprehensible but ...
the ultimate weapon did manage to wash the world clean of that era 's filth . ''
while lysandre 's relations to kalosian royalty are explicitly stated so is what az had done in the great pokemon war that had taken place in kalos roughly 3,000 years ago .
this date is mentioned over and over again within x/y 's story .
however there is one other time this time period is mentioned in a previous game ...
all of the relic items found within the abyssal ruins are stated to have been made in a civilization about 3,000 years ago . ''
relic crown 's item description in 5th gen a crown made in a civilization about 3,000 years ago .
a maniac will buy it for a high price . ''
relic crown 's item description in 6th gen a heavy crown made by an ancient civilization about 3,000 years ago . ''
all the other relic items bear the same description almost word for word .
so this means the reigns of az 's kingdom in kalos and king harmonia 's kingdom in unova ran at around the same time .
this could be further implied by the presence of the statues of reshiram and zekrom in the parfum palace .
npcs state that the statues were offerings given by the unova region .
it is also confirmed that az built the parfum palace and may have ruled in it .
if the player visits parfum palace after beating diantha and completing the main story interacting with the painting of the king will have the player character instantly recognize it as az .
was the great pokemon war of 3,000 years ago fought between unova and kalos ?
the war is only ever referenced for the sake of az 's backstory his loss of floette and the many lives that were lost to end the war and revive floette thanks to the ultimate weapon the details of it are left unclear .
the abyssal ruins 's runes state that their king fought against hatred '' acted with love '' and he and his people found all life precious '' and that war creates tears . ''
of course all of these descriptions are extremely vague and may not have anything to do with the kalos war at all all these descriptions really do is emphasize how great of a king harmonia was to his people during his era .
but all of this information at least confirms that both unova and kalos did intermingle with one another a rather fair amount when az ruled 3,000 years ago .
it was around the time that late-5th gen and early 6th gen were out that an official tweet was released revealing the timeline of every pokemon game up to that point .
even though the tweet was eventually deleted so as to not overcomplicate the timeline and not potentially overcomplicate facts that are revealed in later games such as the split revealed in oras by zinnia and confirmed in sm through anabel i still feel that tweet holds substantial weight in determining the place of each game within their respective timelines regardless of whether their universe has or does n't have mega evolution or whether they 're slightly different because of different players ' actions .
it is also officially revealed that sm and usum considering nothing changes regarding when these upgraded versions take place despite being an alternate story takes place two years after b2w2 as shown in grimsley 's concept art https i.pinimg.com/564x/ec/9b/4b/ec9b4b86d90ae21cde5068dcf44f7cbc grimsley-pokemon-game-concept.jpg in his 7th gen design .
so regardless of universe the timeline would go like this
rby/frlg and rse/oras 3 years later gsc/hgss and dppt x amount of years later bw 2 years later b2w2 xy 2 years later sm/usum
as b2w2 take place at the same time as xy here it would explain colress 's complete absence in xy despite it being a perfect opportunity to have him cameo in those games hence why a male backpacker npc mentions him on route 10 .
and it may explain why both sets of games reference time periods in their respective regions 3,000 years ago to further their relation to each other .
so much like johto and sinnoh shared relations and culture with each other through the sinjoh ruins it 's more than likely unova and kalos had a rather intense shared history as well .
so with all that in mind what do you think about this theory ?
any flaws alternate interpretations additions anyone may want to add ?
people debate about the pokemon timeline all the time and personally i feel the way i explained it in this post is the easiest and most simple way to rationalize it all regardless of alternate events occurring in different ways in parallel dimensions .
all of the games that take place in a single region all have basically the same story and most of the same events occurring essentially the same way for the most part regardless of whether they 're upgraded versions or remakes or not .
however i do n't make theories on here often so i 'm of course open to any criticism regarding this as well .
i will be moving this weekend and am therefore slightly occupied .
i will try to reply where i can so if you have beef with me do n't hesitate to tag me .
i 've finally become gym self-sufficient by purchasing a power rack black friday deal and can now cancel my gym membership .
since i mostly do compound movements i 'm not losing much not having the machines .
however i 'm a little worried i wo n't be able to get as good of a tricep workout without the cables .
honestly triceps push downs are one of my favorite exercises in my routine .
so my question is has anyone done push downs with resistance bands ?
if so how does it compare and are you able to get that some pump ?
i feel like i 've got so much to do and not enough time to do it .
i 'm sure there is a lot of time in my day being spent on activities that are neither productive or relaxing .
i 'd like to try tracking my time and see where it 's going .
i also play cod ww2 and fifa i also play a bunch of singlw player games fps_dann
anyone knows a place where i can play badminton ?
also what would be the charge for it daily/monthly .
a few months ago i got an email from relic asking about what i wanted to see in the future of the coh series .
it 's clear that the survey wanted to see what people who took the survey wanted in coh 3 .
there were a few questions asking about if replayability for the campaign would be something coh 3 should have and this got me excited .
the idea that i had for coh 3 would be that it takes place in a theater of war that plays a little bit like total war .
being total war like would mean that on the large turn based campaign map that you 'd have multiple armies that you recruit soldiers into and attack other armies that would start an actual rts battle .
think a more complex civilization with rts battle gameplay once you attack another army .
the ardennes dlc campaign for coh 2 attempted something like this .
it was a cool idea but just did n't have enough depth and was kinda frustrating to play the campaign map since you lost men whenever moved .
it was way to punishing when moving men as you 'd randomly lose men from events or rarely gain some men .
so instead of recruiting individual units which would be really cool just would n't be coh like the armies on the campaign map would have different branches like armor infantry and airborne to have variety in the armies and let the player choose what type of army they want to control .
armor gets better tanks infantry gets better infantry i think you get the picture .
each of these branches would have their own advantages and disadvantages .
it 'd be a little bit like coh 1 's campaign where you have these three different armies you controlled with vastly different play styles and upgrades .
the more battles that army wins the more upgrades they get .
if the army loses to many units then the army is disbanded but if the army is in friendly territory on the campaign map then they 'll get reinforcements .
let 's say the campaign is usa vs japan it would have the player attempt to take over islands in the pacific .
the player moves their armies across the pacific invading island after island .
hell maybe even add naval combat since in the pacific the naval warfare was very important for each side during the war .
the enemy can attack your army that would put the rts scenario into a defense type of mission that has enemy soldiers doing banzai charges as your men has to hold them off until they 're all dead .
it 'd also be cool if either side could ambush each other if in enemy territory .
the game would end when either america reaches japan or the japanese conquer hawaii .
i think that a campaign like this would be a good way of adding lots of replay value to the coh story .
there would n't be a story like previous coh 's but instead a player driven story .
i am the gm for a campaign my players are
a catfolk fighter zy something her irl nickname is neko so lets go with that
so far my idea for this psycho ranger squad as as follows
so far all fights have been single encounters of 2-3 cr 's above the players .
this psycho ranger squad is intended to be a key part of phase 2 of the campaign 's storyline .
the goal with this squad is that previous encounters were largely mindless monstrosities or aberrant outsider minded beings that did not make use of tactics .
this psycho ranger team is meant to be a team that makes use of the full gamut of tactics such as hit n run stealth and abusing range or counter attacks .
vroxnal counterpart a starcraft 2 ghost expy psychic marksman with a bit of gunslinger in there .
zy neko counterpart a big beefy charging dude that is meant to disrupt their positioning and eat up their action economy .
the campaign 's storyline is inspired by witcher darkest dungeon and bloodborne .
players atm just got back from a plane of sorts called the wyld a place of what could be but never was .
they then had to save a town under attack from alchemical horrors .
atm they 're at a safe spot after having torn through a boss .
hi i 'm a 19 year old boy from norway .
i like to play on vanilla servers but lately it has been difficult to play solo on vanilla so i played on blueberry x2 .
but when i have raised a team of 4 or more we may jump on a vanilla server or we can stay on x2 you decide .
i do not want to live inn a 2x2 all wipe so of course we need to farm bot we are farming to raid and making guns and getting scrap .
i am looking for someone who play rust in a serious but fun way i am also looking for someone who is independent but also a good team member .
do not even think about adding me if your toxic .
region i 'm looking for people from eu because i 'm playing eu servers
age i have determined that the minimum age is 16 but exceptions can be made .
my wife and i have a youtube vlogging channel which never really made us anything but this year has grown to 100 400/mo on ad revenue and product sponsorships .
its always been a hobby for us we never really made any money on it but this year we have enough income we have to pay taxes on it so i 'm wondering if i should take out a sole proprietor llc etc .
right now we do n't have a separate checking account for the income we get and i do n't have a good grasp on what our expenses and income is but i 'm sure expenses are more because we 've been buying cameras and such .
was hoping someone could help us figure out how we should run this as a business while still not over-complicating it .
also wondering if we should keep track of each and every expense .
some things are business expenses without us realizing they 're business expenses ... for example she might buy makeup to use in a video .
or we might be vlogging us going out on a date .
i 'm posting part 5 of the fan translation i did of the 30th episode of yamada reiji 's young sunday aired in october 21st 2015 .
in this section the three people discuss about one 's art and the messages behind his manga .
many thanks to u/shark-fights-toast for acting as the proofreader helping me out to make this translation readable .
in case you 're interested below is the link to the translation of a magazine interview about mp100 anime .
also another person has posted a link to the translation of an otomedia interview some months ago .
notable works b virgin bバージン zetsubouni kiku kusuri 絶望に聞くクスリ translation the cure for despair a manga based on yamada 's interviews with various celebrities on how to overcome the downside in one 's life .
yamada 's buddy who watches opm anime in the nude — to bring in element of sex in his everyday activities according to him .
apparently okkun and yamada became friends when the former visited the latter to complain that his manga was boring .
works as an assistant for the show mostly sitting quietly in the background writing on whiteboards and showing flip charts in perfect timing .
... and invisible nico nico viewers who send in comments during the show
y yamada showing a panel image link https imgur.com/a/baqw9 having read mob psycho 100 i think there are three basic questions that one explores in this manga .
second what should one do with that talent or ability ?
then the final and closing question in the end what exactly is true strength ?
and through exploring that third question one explores about what it means to live .
whenever he tells a story it always eventually turns into a solid think piece about life and happiness .
that 's one of the things i find remarkable about him .
also i want to point out that one 's manga is no different from other manga out there in that it depicts characters that crave great power and struggle to obtain it .
and so at the start it handles the chuuni t/n see note below trope in much the same way as other manga .
however one gives it a unique twist by making the protagonists devastatingly strong .
they are people who can see the world around them from neutral perspective because they stand above the rest as absolute victors .
shortened version of the term chuunibyou 中二病 literal meaning second year of middle school syndrome .
chuunibyou is a japanese slang term that mockingly refers to attitudes or actions that people in their early teens consider cool but look embarrassing when one gets older .
it also refers to narcissistic day-dreams obtaining special powers becoming the protagonist in a fantasy story secretly of royal blood etc early teens often have .
yamada is probably using the term in latter sense .
to get the sense of what he considers chuunibyou look up part 1 of this interview .
y anyway i want you all to take a look at this .
shows the first page of mp100 chapter 2 image link https imgur.com/a/81wbt .
to one now this is what i find really great about your manga your art .
take this scene in this page of mob psycho 100 chapter 2 for example the close up of the protagonist .
i assume this was the art style you drew with back when you were running your first homepage ?
one no it had not changed much ... well yes it had improved .
in fact this page 's art was my best effort with my considerably improved skills .
if i remember right my drawing skills were even worse when i was running the homepage in my college freshman days .
you mean at the time you were taking pictures with your cellphone ?
you see the manga panels had to be really tiny to fit inside the camera 's scope .
it 's not easy to do detailed art within a very small space you know ?
ok looking at the nico nico comments the viewers are saying that your drawing skills have improved tremendously !
your art started out like the one we see in this page and has been rapidly getting better .
shows the second page of chapter 3 image link https imgur.com/o3nnz5e now take a look at this page .
the art is ... very yoshikazu ebisu-esque t/n manga artist .
laughter it has a strong feel of garo manga in the 80s .
are you in any way influenced by the magazine ?
one no i 've never read the magazine i 'm afraid .
his very badly drawn wacky manga earned a cult following .
y how did your art style come to look like this ?
did it just sort of naturally turned into this as you drew ?
one i guess it 's like this because i had never practiced drawing by copying another person 's manga .
ok yeah from the feeling i get from your art i can see you 've never tried imitating someone else .
y have you ever experienced working as a manga artist 's assistant ?
y i 'm sure the editor would have pointed out all kinds of things to correct about the way you drew had you worked an assistant .
ok okay so you 've never been an assistant nor had an editor criticize you ...
take the way one drew intensive lines in this panel .
shows first page of mp100 ch.1 image link https imgur.com/a/nptnq
he had placed the reference point around here and simply drew lines around it .
usually we try to make things look more professional you know ?
one chuckles look at this area where the intensive lines and sfx ドンッ overlap he did n't even outline the lines with white to distinguish them .
one i used a software tool for this you know .
y oh so you simply placed an intensive line layer over your drawing ?
so this panel looks like this because you did n't bother to modify anything after using a comic studio template .
that attitude of yours is kinda awesome if you ask me .
y showing again the second page of mp100 ch.3 you have been watching this program and so you probably understand this about me i 'm not exactly enthusiastic about artists with good techniques .
rather i admire those who create engrossing works despite being bad at drawing or whose techniques are so-so but have amazing knacks for conveying things through their art .
creator of princess jellyfish is like me in that aspect .
we love people who have expressionist feel in their works .
people who ignore the accuracy of anatomy or perspective to focus on imparting moods or ideas .
people whose attitudes are i give no shits about nice technique i just want to get this idea across to people okay ? that 's why i adore the punk subculture and the avant-garde movement .
with you i think that attitude is most apparent with your drawings of characters ' hands when they talk over their cellphones .
indicates a scene in ch.2 where mob calls reigen to ask whether he could be late for work image link https imgur.com/a/do1q7 ah this is totally rad .
chuckling yeah hands holding cellphones are pretty troublesome to draw i know .
however with this page you did n't care to accurately depict the hands in the first place viewed as a whole that 's such a trivial matter anyway .
and this is the mind-set of punk ... the same philosophy as that of early hip-hop .
you just impulsively scrawled down what came to mind making people who saw your creations think hey this guy 's skills are awful but what he 's doing looks incredibly fun !
it 's just like when we saw the blue heart*s 's marcy t/n see below for info playing his guitar .
ok now now you 're beginning to digress ... i think you could be likened to sid vicious — breaking the convention and at the same time constructing something new with sheer drive !
a japanese rock band which was popular in the late ‘80s to early ‘90s .
though not exactly outstanding as musicians the members ' energetic stage performances and the heart-felt lyrics of their songs won the hearts of many youths .
marcy is the nickname of the band 's guitarist masatoshi mashima 真島昌利 .
youtube video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ijroyczajpc of them performing one of their songs mashima is the guy acting at the vocalist .
another video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=f19cefylcfi of the occasion they appeared in mtv .
what differentiates one 's manga from school kids ' projects
ok the art of these manga pages makes me recall that there was always at least one kid in class who was working away alone at some manga project that looked like this .
y yeah but those kids ' manga are basically not much more than the visualizations of their teenage fantasy .
it 's something we all drew when we were young .
as for you one on the other hand because of your conscientious and responsible nature your works are proper stories with viewpoints unique to you .
you see anyone can draw a picture of characters shooting out explosive beams .
makes a kamehameha pose but what 's the implication of that scene ?
okay so that character shot out an explosive beam what do you have next in store ?
— not everyone bothers to seriously contemplate beyond that one scene .
one however does give serious consideration and as a conscientious guy offers this perspective okay even if we can shoot out beams let 's not point it at people .
it 's so comforting do n't you think when people with great powers have their hearts in the right place ?
think of it in real world terms it 's so distressing when a bunch of psychos are in positions of power in times of trouble .
indicates the mp100 pages he has been showing and i think that wish is also reflected in one 's manga .
okay so with this i rest my case with the art-related topics .
... a quarter of the material that was developed for the show will be done with season 2 as an eighth http www.indiewire.com/2016/10/westworld-interview-jonathan-nolan-lisa-joy-hbo-pokemon-go-robot-sex-1201733337 of it was covered in the first set .
of course given the subject matter that is dealt with real life developments in the field of ai or even other sources of fiction that deal with the topic might inspire the creators to develop more stuff to play out in the 'middle ' aspect of their story which could crescendo into their last stretch .
or maybe even serve as an epilogue season if need be .
there 's also the possibility that it maybe less than an eighth of the whole thing covered in s2 but i doubt that as the medium gives writers the freedom to burn through story take into dangerous directions .
they could even cover more than an eighth if they wanted to .
so this question has been brought up earlier but things are changing day by day .
i have a business trip in qatar i 'm jordanian with a manager uae residency .
can i just fly through oman and access qatar then get my visa upon arrival ?
i want to suggest a hero for vainglory that is a octopus like creature named evila .
i do n't have draw the concept art but i have the concept for its design it is a gigantic octopus with 6 legs in purple colour .
its heroic perk is if it 's attacking an individual and same target its basic attack will start from one leg which keep punching the target and maybe after 4 or 5 basic attack it will become two legs which keep punching the target and the legs can increase again to 3 legs which keep attacking the target after 3 or 4 basic attack .
the most important is evila and teammates surrounding will get lifesteal effect every basic attack evila done .
remember that evila has 6 legs there are 3 legs are using for basic attacks another two legs are using for its a ability .
its a will activate its leg to chain one of its target and it can use another leg to chain another after the cooldown .
yes it 's like churnwalker but this chain does n't slow the target abd did nit deal damage but when evila attack the chained enemy its basic attack will directly start from two legs and the basic attack need to activate its third leg will become less like 2 .
after it chain the enemy that is its a it can use its b to choose a position to throw the target to the position you choose it will deal a massive damage to the targeti if you chose the wall as the position it will stun the target if you throw the enemy to minions or jungle creeps even the others enemy it will deal damage towards them too but without stun .
after you choose a target you can use another leg to chain your own teammate and activate b one more time to collide both of them but both of them will receive stun and damage but you can not kill your own teammate .
while you collide both of them the position of them collide will be the midpoint of both of them .
and finally its ult is secrete a pool of ink at its own position and it will disappear after 45 55 seconds or anytime that is reasonable .
before the ink is disappear evila can choose the place to teleport to the place from any position on map .
it is very useful after the vainglory 5v5 had released .
it will be better if there are such a teleport things in vainglory 5v5 .
i hope vainglory will agree with this hero and make this hero in future of vainglory .
i am a 17 year old high school male .
and i love masturbating to gay porn and fingering myself .
is this a sign that i might be pansexual ?
i also feel sexually attracted to people of all genders gender identities and sexual orientations and there 's some guy crushes who i 'm not going to name and i think about riding on their dicks or them riding on my dick .
the image looks cropped on the bottom to me .
even if bill was in the right which i disagree with but not the point ...
she did n't fire the guy she reported it and hr made the final decision .
he said he had an emotional goodbye and thank you to the crew of twd even though he 's currently alive on the show .
if you 're close to cumming pull out and change positions .
she wo n't mind going from fucking to oral and back to fucking and it gives you time to cool down .
i remember that one picture of a swedish captain that was shot seven times and continued to advance on a hill in vietnam .
the picture was him smoking a cigarette while he was bleeding from 4 bullet wounds to the chest .
thinking back if that guy had a movie about him i 'd just assume plot armor by default .
tbh i literally just did this with a buddy of mine .
nothing special except for the tranny jack of course .
definitely recommend having a spec torque wrench you 'll need the clutch alignment tool some thread lock .
s c r u m p t i o u s
i think those are cookies that the website tracks .
they know you searched that up so they try to give you more of it .
in a packed theater causing a panic and getting someone trampled ?
what about hate speech specifically targeted to rile up people and cause a riot ?
the thing that 's great about canada is that all of the above does in fact hold consequences .
your freedom stops where mine begin and as per the canadian charter of rights and freedoms https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/canadian_charter_of_rights_and_freedoms good read highly recommend it i do have quite a few freedoms including freedom of religion thought belief expression this is where our speech is included assembly press etc .
now with all these wonderful freedoms there still needs to be some rules applied since absolutes hardly ever solve anything and the canadian way would be to seek out peace and liberty vs everyone getting the right to do whatever they please .
as such some limitation on speech was imposed particularly those of hate speech and obscenity so that an individual does n't have to go on day to day and get harassed by those who might not like their skin color or belief shouting hateful and potentially threatening words to bully the poor fellow .
you have to remember that the receiver of those words is entitled to a peaceful life as much as the next person .
so please explain in these scenarios how would absolute freedom of speech work ?
dividends every quaterly is one of the benefits of this ico
how about you just fucking try it mate whats a little honey gon na do but taste amazing and maybe actually fend off your allergies .
i will say coming from paradox games i 've had my fits with it but it really is a beautiful and fun to play game .
it 's also on sale right now if i recall .
but that could mean the tide was n't pulling stuff out .
stop rooting for us damn it we 're the bad guys you 're fucking up the mojo .
i 'm gon na grab one of these triggers it 'll be my first aftermarket non milspec trigger will i be happy with the g2s or should i jump up to ssa-e ?
stealth '' is when you have transitioned to the point of being cis-passing and not being public about it .
so you are passing and living as your gender but you do n't announce it .
this could be with or without srs gcs since people around you wo n't know .
this should be totally acceptable and those who do so are under no obligation to hold themselves out there as representatives '' .
i 'm trying to do whatever i can to work on transitioning but have to do it while not alerting anyone .
it 's essentially living in the closet and suddenly that makes me feel like shit .
if we do n't i 'd like to see senators not be able to talk in the house .
they ca n't even go to the house irl and it reduces activity in the senate itself .
if senators can only talk in the senate they 'll do it more .
if you are deferred ed you may as well treat that as a rejection .
if you did n't make it in with a theoretically lower standard you 're almost certainly not going to make it in rd .
if you 're rejected ed then you 're done at that school .
clay travis was far from the only one complaining about this shit .
maybe fear will be set between twd seasons 1-4 ?
i was n't aware of any i was saying i 'd expect them to get one with a supposed apocrypha event .
the op is an obvious troll so no point getting lengthy on this but a quote is based on the drivers on a policy you can buy a family policy and list whoever you want to get an actual quote they ran the people listed as drivers .
you can lie on that or get estimates but there 's no way the op was given a policy to sign by an agent with a final quote .
but it 's weird to put the thunderbird on the same pot as other new england creatures .
hen means homebrew enabler the gist of it is that it 's basically a short-term version that as i mentioned needs to be reinstalled if the console if turned off .
as far as i know it will do everything most people would need a cfw for .
i have n't laughed that hard in a good while .
i saw a swing brige in canada once it 's like a drawbridge but it goes sideways instead of up
suspension bridges have the road hanging on ropes but it does n't look like that at all it 's road wtf how does it hang from stuff
i think it would be the best move too just considering where his heart is at the moment .
he 's been talking about his family for a while now and while it is sad to see him walk away i think it would be for the best honestly .
and in the same spirit of cultural acceptance and understanding the italians and portuguese put up with 1980s canadian wine .
i was more amazed at how much u spent than the straight
i was there this morning as well ... hope you got some good rolls in this place attracts all the local monsters .
well he is balanced i can say im not using him right and i will but its pretty difficult to get scorch into the position he was meant for with one speed and the mobility of other titans
oh sorry i got the thread lines mixed up .
edit he kind of had a point though a lot of gun nuts just want a chance to shoot someone
to be clear dissociative dose of ketamine is 1-2 mg/kg iv or 4-6 mg/kg im .
bitthumb is the exchange that cash uses for fud dumps who cares
i was more thinking of the fact that the plot makes no sence
it probably wo n't taste great but who knows .
might i extoll the virtues of a 10 posh bullet
right now core is at 135 — 2126mhz and memory is at 199 — 3999mhz
i mean sure i stole a bunch of copyrighted content and stitched it together ...
but i also slapped some text and some other copyrighted images on top of the copyrighted stuff .
sure but if he 's ready to play and the team sees him as the better qb you got to give yourself the best chance to win that week .
ca n't operate with the fear of injury there 's always that risk .
the pass pro sucks and it 's not the best conditions for a qb to be successful but what 's the alternative ?
might as well promote mullens or sign matt barkley and start one of them if the priority is to save jimmy g from possible injury .
i 'm sad the non neon red ones are exclusive to the odyssey console bundle .
i love the darker red but it makes them unobtainable for me .
it 's usually cheaper than their in store prices .
i realize this is an unsatisfactory answer but in real life people get stuff like this wrong all the time .
please scan whatever computer s you stuck that into to make sure it has n't been compromised .
dropping a thumb drive with a payload on it is a good way to gain access to an asset .
very likely not an issue but i 'm a little paranoid .
i dunno i saw him in action and didnt feel much .
canada recognises not all of its black residents came from africa .
most americans recognize it too yet there 's enough people who think black is n't pc and will call you a racist over it .
i did n't even jack off but i still blew my load everywhere
the chance to get like a doomsayer dirty rat or stubborn gastropod makes the card unplayable trash
you must have bigger schoulder muscels than pasha by now .
2 keep people from building right up to the wildlands some of the areas burned had already burned within the past 20 years
i have very little idea what this says but if you 're asking what pokemon have evolutions in gen 3 there 's none .
wobbuffet and marill get babies but there 's no evolutions .
i can see how the eec/eu changed ireland although ireland changed itself when it abandoned it 's own policies but at the time people would n't have known that .
that 's why as a thought experiement i ask if a people really would have signed up to it if they were told about the sovereignty aspect up front .
what if in a different alternate universe ali beat foreman but foreman lost the frazier rematch ?
you 've been watching too much rt if you 're jumping to conclusions like that .
if they ever have cod i will bet there will be a huge download portion .
did n't see the ones on the right at first .
the left one is completely unrelated to any of that though .
thank you for replying ... it seems that way does n't it .
they could develop overwatch from scratch ten times over with the money they made from sales alone
it helps that it sold like 8 times more copies than what most aaa titles consider a massive success
well for example there 's the fact that they 're a poor substitute for the empire that they committed the very same evils as the rebel alliance before it and that ultimately they resemble a really evil group from my planet 's history not nearly as evil as the group the rebel alliance had explicit similarities to but close enough .
i mean do n't even pretend to work retail if you have n't .
funnily enough it 's a mistake many native english speakers would make too because 'how did the boston celtics hire brad stevens ? '
universities have been raising tuitions to outrageous levels because the government has been handing out loans like candy to 18 year olds who have no idea what they 're getting themselves into .
if the student defaults the government pays the school back .
there 's no risk for the school even if the student is not successful in establishing a successful career .
they 're getting paid back regardless so why not take as many students as possible and raise tuitions as high as possible ?
it is n't too hard to understand why college debt has utterly exploded over the past 10-15 years .
thought this was a random inclusion but i 'm excited that this means she 'll likely appear again .
loved what the fam aspect did for hawkeye 's character
i havent played many but i 've enjoyed most ive played .
all good i just wish they avoided tropes more and had ideally no grinding .
i quit out on ffx when i hit a point where i would have to grind for several hours to beat a boss .
the only nerf to her e i can see coming anytime is that the extra damage of the first spell after falling asleep gets reduced from 100 to like 70 .
other than that she 's a great champion and lots of fun to play .
this is interesting thinking about trying the same with a guy in my league .
bangers league so my next option is going for oel .
made the playoffs ... that 's better than most .
how many teams have we seen sneak in and win it all that way ?
unfortunately your submission has been automatically removed because all submission titles must begin with the tag 50/50 '' .
please resubmit your post in this format and remember also to tag your title appropriately thanks .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fiftyfifty if you have any questions or concerns .
i find it weird that reddit corrects words like queue your and you 're but rarely do i see loose and lose being corrected .
it 's probably due to in-game market inflation the need for mounts is big but due to some high-ranked players deciding to keep it to them .
people in-game tend to get more of a douche if they 're already one irl .
or the devs just screwed pricing and stats once again .
cd3 and onto the most boring part of my cycle for me waiting to ovulate .
... sorry it 's bad once you 've embraced ttc-humour .
people look back fondly at it now but at the time this sub was boiling over even more than they are now over how oppressive this deck was .
just another reason to believe that no matter what blizz does this sub will never be happy .
yes but eventually even just saying i died alot '' then you do hit a progress barrier just because you ca n't survive long enough to actually make sensible progress through an area or without using all the map portals before a boss .
getting to that level on that gear/stats and only now really hitting that enough to ask for help is quite unusual .
that reminds me of the slow crescendo of oh come let us adore him oh come let us adore him oh come let us adore him .
to get basically 3 doomsayers for higher chances to clear board ?
to cycle with thalnos/loot hoarder while not wasting cards from hand ?
to get the combo pieces earlier thanks to thinner deck ?
and no that does not give our tank the ok to switch to a fifth dps .
i 'm wating for a s edit cause ... .that 's not a full gpu ... that 's only the pcb w/o any chips or transistors or anything on it just a bare pcb .
lpt do n't so you 're not encouraging the common millenial expectation from a young age where gratification is always instant .
sure all the updates installations we have to endure suck but it should teach younger kids patience especially for when they get new games .
second playthroguh so i want to make sure i dont miss a thing
14 with my alex collins and justin tucker vs his houston d. 12 man full ppr .
first comic shop i 'd ever been in my dad took me .
got it for 1 and got sucked into reading comics so hard .
this is true but when chances are hard to come by the top strikers bury them .
even in the liverpool match which i think was the worse i 've seen united play since moyes he got a 1 on 1 and still fucked it up .
i do n't know if its confidence or what but he 's had a chance or two in every match since then and has scored like maybe three times i think which simply is n't good enough .
no they do n't and both no they are n't and no they 're not
8 and 9 years old discussing lgbt issues and kissing each other as an experiment ?
it sounds like the school is pushing the timeline a bit .
can you opt not to participate in this experiment ?
hey she was a virgin before she was hollow give her some credit lol
jesus gave instructions about caring for the poor and turning the other cheek to his followers but not to governments
yeah i know evangelicals and other people who claim to call themselves christians use this as an excuse to support politicians who oppress the poor and take healthcare from the sick and in general bring suffering to the less fortunate but as a christian i just do n't buy it .
if seems plainly obvious to me that if jesus existed in a 21st century context he would be saying that its the job of society as a whole to look after the less fortunate and two thousand years after he walked the earth society 's services are delivered through the government .
i am able to join the raids/nightfalls but i am already in a clan myself .
i 'll add you on psn if you can pm me your username !
yes king noah was truly terrible selfish greedy and.. oh i get where you 're going .
no this is different because those funds are privately donated eh.. or.. from wealthy invest.. hmm.. uh.. well the thing is you see the church is very righteous and the law of capitalism has replaced the law of christ so we 're simply living by the laws of the land !
christ is still totally important and totally central but like we 've got to be successful investment capitalists too because real estate is totally way more important than it was in king noah time .
this is n't some sort of prideful wealth scheme so that we can live better than you .
they receive only a very modest stipend and a couple of living expenses certainly less than the ceo of microsoft or amazon earns !
just.. trust me.. this is totally different because i 'm in charge and i said so .
yeah i think it 's the combination of the lighting and how overzealous i was on the blush i 'm still not sure where to put it on my cheeks to get the effect i want
if they catch me i 'll just teleport out the lab .
i 'll immediately teleport back after i 've gotten a 55 gallon drum of astroglide and spill the drum inside the lab .
probably because there are 6 fillers to 3 banners ?
petition to get the friday before off so we can throw a massive stag do for harry https petition.parliament.uk/petitions/206284/sponsors/new ? token=ecivtr5mv0uek3bo8kh
nobody cared who i was until i put on the mask .
if they liked his play so damn much and will miss him why the fuck are they letting him go
they should not be playing with such teams man all i see is they are simply scoring centuries .
shall see what these folks would when they play south africa next in january .
just ask if hes still keen and if no response move on .
i want just put some tips about raiding overall .
1. if u will start with chrono just be ready that u can be stuck with that class in raiding .
i mean it will be like a meme from some player who played chrono and he was forced to play chrono only in raids even if he didnt want to .
2 its hard to start on raids as chrono ur mistake or ur death gg for whole party in most cases .
so usually chrono and druids must be most experienced players in party .
if u didnt raid before i would say try them as a dps class just to learn mechanics and tactics and then go for chrono in that way u will get some gear maybe ?
3 if u dont have anything ascended or etc u can go to dragon 's stand map and farm there leystone armor it has wanderer 's prefix and will give u same amount on concentration as commander 's gear .
in that way u will be probably a chronotank which will put in most hard spot .
email spam also known as junk email is a type of electronic spam where unsolicited messages are sent by email .
many email spam messages are commercial in nature but may also contain disguised links that appear to be for familiar websites but in fact lead to phishing web sites or sites that are hosting malware .
spam email may also include malware as scripts or other executable file attachments trojans .
spam is named after spam luncheon meat by way of a monty python sketch in which spam in the sketch is ubiquitous unavoidable and repetitive .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makefile_dot_in_user if you have any questions or concerns .
i like how the new 12 bundle says it 's the best deal around on lapis ... and right under that is another 12 bundle with 2500 lapis 4 ticket and a moogle .
does this take into account the quest always being in your opening hand ?
my friends got it and were playing it all the time .
i got it a few weeks later and you have to play through the entire miserable storymode before you can really do anything fun with friends .
by the time i forced myself through the storymode they had finished everything else more or less and now i 'm fucked .
i put together this list for fellow peace corps volunteers .
none of these are particularly slowed-down speakers like news in slow spanish but i 'd suggest you just dig in and let the language wash over you .
you 'll pick it up sooner than you 'd expect .
nprs first and only to date program in spanish .
stories from all over the spanish speaking americas on all subjects .
think of this american life though without the occasional fiction piece .
country of origin host is peruvian/american though stories are from all over
short 6 episode series sound-scape dipicting life among the fulani the nomads of mali and maurtania .
it 's really a shame they did n't produce more .
the subtitle says it all stories of freedom. an uplifting podcast bringing you true stories of people who followed their dream usually in the face of great doubt or completely against the grain .
typical episode tells the story of haitian immigrants delay at the mexican border on their way to the us .
a cultural catch-all not bound by time music theater literature film painting dance .
free-form arts culture talkshow akin to the pop-culture happy hour .
discussing roswell and the role of the matrix irl .
discussion of contemporary and classic works of science fiction .
i 've been wondering about that parallel universe discussion as well .
we all know the mandela effect is real so travel between parallel universes is a fascinating plot point .
it was to slow people down so they would run into that hole .
how the hell did he fuck this up so bad ?
as an nfl fan down here in america i can tell you that marc trestman got shitted on really badly in the nfl .
bellerin was clearly fouled in the box and ramsey is a penalty all day .
if the correctly made the bellerin call it would have been 1-0 with 20 minutes to play and you guys could have tried to play and we could have had a enjoyable finish .
but ramsey was fouled so you got to believe you were getting 1 point longer than you should have .
just ordered black honey bundles from corona at 119 shipped after reddit20 code !
a wise man once said if he spent his whole life in search of the perfect sakura blossom it would not be a wasted life .
because after a lifetime of searching he will discover they are all perfect .
pasta is from china wine is from china the earliest lasagna recipe is from england tomatoes are from the americas milanese originated in austria just to name a few .
things that are often highly associated with italians today originated from other countries .
it would make so much sense because there would be an anomaly in the pvz gw/pvz heroes dimensional timeline separate from pvz 2 's timeline .
because of the prehistoric plants and zombies in hollow earth beta-carrotina would be able to use their dna to make a time travel machine to go to future .
for new heroes a green shadow class cyborg cattail and a rustbolt class cyborg garg hero would be sick ! ! !
i do n't want to be that guy but how does this work ?
i saw this girl i went to high school with who did a lot of stupid stuff and apparently got to go to a good college and ended up being a nurse making a lot of money .
who would have thought doing drugs and doing bad in high school could get you where you want as long as you 're good looking and have rich parents..
if it was going to be good black friday would have been your best bet .
nintendo is just so tight on their hardware sales/deals !
i think i saw it two weeks ago not sure ... but that glitch of future event does not appear anymore since i updated to v1.14
the key change between the 70s and now regarding nuts things like that is in the 70s you went to a seminar and joined a cult now you buy a magazine and book .
you still do the same practices just the flavour has changed regarding how the snakeoil salesman gets their money from their audience .
all you have to worry about is working less than 40 in a week .
you 'll either have to use pto to fill in those hours or get paid less those weeks .
however if you 're at a director type level again how likely is that ?
my current gig is non-exempt hourly and i make over 50k .
i always work a set 40 unless i take time off .
best part is my employer for payroll treats me like i 'm salaried so i never fill out a time card unless i go over 40 or take sick time not even vacation time .
at least you 're not the head of the hr dept at massive modern tech companies demanding new hires fax you their forms in the world of scan and send .
thats what happens when you have your hands on the ground ... .
et aujourd'hui on voit des gens essayer de s'inventer un statut de victime preuve que ce statut est enviable dans notre société .
la légion d'honneur récompense les mérites éminents acquis au service de la nation '' .
c'est très flou comme notion et on peut voir au quotidien les célébrités qui sont médaillées parce qu'ils ont une vague aura ou par simple copinage avec les politiques .
jesus 's ministry consisted of mostly healing/deliverance preaching and teaching .
our goal is to look and act more like jesus everyday .
healing/deliverance is often a misunderstood subject in the body .
i studied this subject for about a year because i wanted to know why some people were able to get consistent results and some do n't get any results .
long story short is we can do greater works than jesus if '' we believe .
many times we see jesus cast out demons out of mentally ill people and they were healed .
15 lord have mercy on my son for he is an epileptic and suffers severely for he often falls into the fire and often into the water .
16 so i brought him to your disciples but they could not cure him.
17 then jesus answered and said o faithless and perverse generation how long shall i be with you ?
bring him here to me. 18 and jesus rebuked the demon and it came out of him and the child was cured from that very hour .
first we know the disciples had authority over all '' demons and sickness and to cure them .
then he called his twelve disciples together and gave them power and authority over all demons and to cure diseases .
2 he sent them to preach the kingdom of god and to heal the sick .
jesus cast the epileptic spirit out and the boy was healed .
sure there are some drugs that can reverse the physical issues the demons cause but what does that have to do with conforming to image and likeness of christ ?
our goal is to do the works he did and give him the glory .
it 's a sign to the sick how good he is .
well kinda here we see someone that did n't follow jesus using the name to cast out demons .
38 now john answered him saying teacher we saw someone who does not follow us casting out demons in your name and we forbade him because he does not follow us.
39 but jesus said do not forbid him for no one who works a miracle in my name can soon afterward speak evil of me .
40 for he who is not against us is on our c side .
here is another example that there is power in the name alone .
21 not everyone who says to me ‘lord lord ' shall enter the kingdom of heaven but he who does the will of my father in heaven .
22 many will say to me in that day ‘lord lord have we not prophesied in your name cast out demons in your name and done many wonders in your name ? '
23 and then i will declare to them ‘i never knew you depart from me you who practice lawlessness ! '
many are using the name to cast out demons and do many wonders but they never knew christ no relationship .
without knowing him you can cast out a demon from a person that is possessed .
of course satan does n't do the works jesus did because he wants people oppressed and possessed .
long story short no matter what the issue is if the people are hurt sick possessed mental issues addiction genetic issue etc etc they all fall under the category of being sick .
we have a promise from jesus that if we believe and lay hands on the sick they will recover .
our job is to believe '' and lay hands on them and they will '' recover .
it does n't matter what the issue is it does n't compare to the power of god .
i can recommend a teaching on youtube if you are interested how the power of god works ?
do you believe we can do the works of jesus and greater if we believe ?
but the lack of information on tour tickets and the ridiculous merch prices are not no matter which way it is spun .
holy crap the trailer blown me away man.. friday god speed
i 'll sign this as i 'm basically your long lost twin and am looking for the same exact thing except i only play tanks have prot warr and veng dh antorus ready chrisbklyn 1474
now what percentage of indians have access to constant power ?
feeding the puppy in her crate sounds good that 's a good habit and helpful for crate training .
the other dogs may take a day or two to figure out that their food is n't always available but they should be fine .
in general i 'd agree with you but he 's thrown some really bad passes the last two weeks .
is the growth in your shul coming from immigrants ?
what do you think this infantile bullshit is going to achieve ? ''
looks like 'infantile bullshit ' aka loud justified complaints have achieved a hell of a lot so far .
letting up on them now would be a mistake .
not just for this game but for the entire industry .
rest in piece to that big loveable bastard and his gigantic penis
i definitely do n't expect ancelotti or enrique to become our next manager and i would n't necessarily want them either .
especially ancelotti 's horrendous training regimes overall attitude towards the players .
avb lvg blanc are realistic top managers that i would feel confident in sorting out our defensive issues .
also regarding the transfers they 're once again merely blueprints of what i think the team should be looking for .
mawson/laporte tall strong fast cb 's with excellent passing ability
it does n't matter if it is those specific players just those specific attributes that we 're truly missing .
the fire damage always counts wild strike converts the physical portion randomly but any elemental damage remains unchanged .
additional damage any additional damage gains from gear auras weapons or any other source such as added fire damage support hatred or anger will apply to all parts of the attack .
when i first started using 360 i asked them about the startup configurations .
they said they used to offer them but not anymore and suggested that i simply copy the running configs when i started the labs .
when you schedule a lab you are given access to it approximately 10 minutes prior to the actual clock counting down .
you can log in during this time and copy the running-configs and then end the lab .
as long as you end the lab before the actual timer starts counting down you wo n't burn up any actual lab time which i believe is in 1-hour increments .
this is for the lesson labs and workbook labs .
the graded labs do n't let you give the time back you only get to run them once .
and here i am worrying because my 7 month old now stands up in her cot .
i was wondering how long does it take to deliver approximately ?
i live in finland so i was wondering if someone here has also ordered one from htc and is living in finland or near finland that could give me a rough delivery time estimate ?
i like simon mao from convoy flashlights the best !
any tips for an xmas gift beginner home brew set in the uk ?
no idea where to start and pricing seems to vary a lot .
it 's not zero but the electricity to power a lab growing meat stem cells could be solar/wind powered .
the relatively small footprint even if scaled would be a small price to pay for removing all the methane from cows and opening up land for reforestation .
ihan tälleen tämmösenä peräkammarin kosmopoliittina jolla on ystäviä siellä sun täällä maapalloa on ollut todella yllättävää miten usein halonen tulee esiin keskuskusteluissa ulkomaalaisten kanssa .
vaikka hän ei ole presidentti enää niin aika moni ulkomaalainen luulee että suomessa on edelleen naispresidentti kai tällä on jotain tekemistä sen kanssa kun pohjoismaita pidetään semmoisina tasa-arvon mallimaina .
että torilla tavataan ja hyvä halonen vaikken sua äänestänytkään vaan poliisimestari simoa
yeah if i was to play a full immersion vr shooter i would provs avoid games like battlefield 2 since that might have bad effects but games like overwatch or destiny 2 seem far enough removed from reality .
i would like to see kc and then a mosh pit of ctf gridiron and hard point
what 's your job role how come you have a small workload ?
i 'm pretty sure there 's a chrome extension that replaces thugs '' with the n word and it also ends the sentence with and i 'm really a racist
i play aggressive and still win quite a bit .
even if i do n't win i still enjoy it .
i love being aggressive and going for double digit kill wins .
and im on console so double digit solo wins are n't too common .
all the more reason to try and pass legislation to regulate that side of the business .
and during the final battle against arima in tg hide scratches his cheek and says i want to help you ... ''
i got distracted failed to finish mine before 10 and my bracket was n't saved .
ah yes acting petulantly and kicking out is totally okay !
no big deal here guys not dangerous or a dick move at all !
a certain brazilian/spaniard pulls this shit and the whole world would rise up to murder him and the fa would ban him no doubt .
i have a relatively small skitarii army but i think the dunecrawler is super cool .
it 's not as big of a project as a knight but it still takes extra care to paint up and imo it was more fun to build anyways .
so yea a 2nd collecting box would be the way to go probably .
message me on reddit and then add http steamcommunity.com/id/thetruedef me on steam for go ahead .
add me on steam and ping me a message with which set you want .
i had dave 's insanity when it first came out years ago .
the heat was pretty strong and there was no good taste to it .
wound up throwing the bottle away as it was just non-edible .
it can feel unreal because quitting is supposed to be hard '' right ?
well here 's a secret for you it 's not .
you 've given yourself a leg up by easily quitting this long .
when you are a heroine addict you vomit and go into fits when you quit .
when you quit smoking you feel a little more tired than usual you are a little irritable but that 's it .
if you have something important going on to take up your attention you may not even notice it .
it sounds like that 's what happened with you .
you will not have to deal with irritability or any of that .
but frankly those are n't really the reasons people have trouble quitting .
those are the reasons people give for why quitting is hard but it 's not really true .
that 's why it is hard to stay quit .
we convince ourselves that we need '' a cigarette to deal with stress or that a good moment will be even better '' if smoking .
any bad situation can be made better with a cigarette .
any good situation can be made even better with a cigarette .
we come up with all kinds of scenarios to convince ourselves how much better it will be if you had a cigarette while doing it .
the truth of the matter is this smoking does n't make anything better .
everything is the same if you are not smoking .
nonsmokers deal with stresses and enjoy things as much or better than smokers without the aid of a cigarette .
once you stop having them long enough it becomes clear that you do n't need them .
just so you know when you go back to your normal life you are going to want to smoke .
you may not feel as happy about good things and bad things may seem more overwhelming .
you are going to have the sense that if you smoke everything will be better .
if you stay quit for 3 weeks to a month or so these feeling will start to fade .
after a couple months they will be almost entirely gone .
if you want to quit and i assume you do because you are on this sub be prepared for cravings .
recognize that they are n't true and that the feelings will fade .
even if you feel like you need to to feel normal just do n't smoke .
daniel p carter was in the band a '' is the signer and guitarist for the band hexes '' is guitarist for krokodil '' and the bloodhound gang '' and surprisingly co-wrote mcfly 's star girl '' .
his job is to serve others as a chief/cook .
you never sit down with those you cook for .
so sanji does one of the following 2 things .
he cooks tastes on everything therefore he is well fed anyone .
he waits to everyone is well fed and then cleans up after the kitchen where he feeds himself before he is finished and whats so on .
i doubt that sanji is the type to make the food wait instead of straight giving it away so i bet is the 2nd one .
also the one time i went was right after a snow/ice storm and it was very hard to get around .
nope part of the problem relies heavily on them .
there 's at least 3 opportunities to score per game but their bad form has n't been helping .
i agree with needing a better playmaker but if they scored half of the shots they miss per game it would be a completely different story .
this person is n't trying too hard and there 's so much to be said for how simple it is .
i 'm american and it seems natural to me .
they survey did guess my dialect is canadian though so ... .
i did n't say netflix had larger sizes it was just to make the point .
you could do both let the consumer choose a general data package and let them run free with it and you can also offer specific packages to those who want it .
first the struggles with his daughter and now this ?
if the team that won their conference championship with 2 losses auburn should they still get in ?
it is n't that cut and dry and you know it .
also no other ncaa sport edit i 'm guessing only has 4 spots in the playoff .
if you want to guarantee that conference champions get in expand the playoff .
cuz i dont care about winning nor about getting mmr and yet because of that ive still got 70 wr .
its a video game after all its goal is to enjoy playing it .
if i would be a pro player wanting to learn new stuff then ye my goal would be not fun but to learn but guess what im not like a 99.9999 other players yet they dont understand it and they think winning is everything .
well fuck i should probably get some sleep because i did n't even notice .
do people like you check the post history of every user is it just kinda random ?
seems like it 's doing a whole lot tbh .
i mean no ill will i 'm just curious as to how/why people may or may not obsessively check post history of any given op
edit i am not at all against this so i do n't understand any downvotes
i 'm just getting to the exact same point in life .
wife is a week away from having our first played since blades of steel .
i got my ps when living in the us and i ca n't add a canadian credit card to my account so i have to buy american ps plus cards off amazon if i want to pay to win .
that 's obviously too much effort so it 's all grind for me .
i 've beaten insanely stacked teams when my best is getzlaf .
the best tactic for beating glitch goal plugs is to force them into screening their goalie and scoring from the point .
pass to the trailer on a the rush in their zone then back to the point .
scrubby kids message me to say i 'm cheating for playing real hockey .
blonde was such a significant album in my life i will never forgive me for not getting it ugh haha .
okay so lets say i anticipate a 3 hour wait 5 hour wait etc .
will i generally know the amount of time i 'll be waiting ?
i want to know because i want to know if i 'll be able to go for a run go for a long walk while waiting .
or do you always have to be with your truck regardless .
there were soooooooooo many wasted circus shots on dukes part .
obviously not talking about me as i am a scrub but people who know how to play her build up ults in less than 30 seconds .
when i was n't playing i was watching a game where there was aimbotcalvin chipshajen and sinatraa and sinatraa literally built one under 30 seconds .
well being involved in the ideology of white supremacy and nazism also has n't played out too well in history but trump 's supporters seem to think that 's the right side to be on these days .
it 's tempting since drake is the lead back but mckinnon has shown us his ceiling is great
and yet they remain and there is no way to force these states to change .
plus i see a table a couch and maybe a fan .
you ca n't use torrents safely without premiumize or real debrid .
there are countries around the world where isps do not intervene with torrent downloaing .
i guess the playstation store will not be doing an official cyber monday sale just the current sale .
ps f.cked up this year with no discount code .
i just dont understand why he doesnt require mana or energy or something just blows my mind
when the pally plays his entire murloc hand you are waiting for the right moment to use you cards because you are control and he plays divine favour .
in all fairness its probably pretty easy to baffle the dotard .
cse and cpe are both almost the same price which one do you recommend out of the two ?
theyve been my white whale ever since i was a kid
i 'm never gon na give up the search for laura palmer
the gospels were written 40-60 years after his life not 90 .
the idea that they are allegory is highly highly speculative and not taken seriously by even the faintest number of scholars who have the requisite training in the appropriate fields .
what big meeting where the church picked the canon are you referring to ?
i know of no such meeting outside of the times of the medieval church .
that 's not praise it 's just worthless karma farming .
from time to time '' implies that it does n't happen all the time which it does .
also negative feedback is n't bashing so no it 's not usually bash bash bash bash '' .
haha in all honesty i 'm going to use that phrasing next time i see someone look like that haha
just the thought of being married to him ... argh no way .
i reckon it would have taken me a fair deal long to break it off with him without a flag as huge as this one landing in front of me .
he was doing a few other things i did n't like but i was letting him get away with it cancelling dates for 24-hour bugs forgetting to get back to me about dates never calling no longer bothering to take me out for dinner no daytime dates etc ... .
has a very strong snd team more than a solid team overall .
with how they were playing they deserve the open bracket .
if the sauce does not come on the side i will send it back
i just spend time on my computer and here on reddit ... or other sites .
i 'm an alcoholic so i used to drink by myself and basically 24/7 but this has been helpful .
thanks i actually do n't have a twitter but i might make one to send him a compliment .
i actually do n't remember that being a problem during haikyuu .
i mean i completely understand that in motion they will exaggerate features to create a certain effect .
though at the same time there are quite a number of still frames that seem odd i wish i could link one .
anyway i 'm really not really being critical of the animators i actually had to go back and look around an episode of kuzu no honkai to see what you meant because i did n't remember anything really standing out to me with its animation it might as well have been a colorized manga with voice work .
i have one last question if you would n't mind .
how do you feel about the overall director making changes to little bits of the direction of the show ?
i 'm not talking about leaving out the bullies interaction or kugimiya 's brothers but its almost like the show has been downplaying tatara 's attraction for lack of a better word to shizuku .
really the scene that got me the most was when tatara was weeding in the back garden he sees shizuku and sheds a tear at how beautiful '' she had become .
what was like 5 pages and some introspection became like 10 seconds with no emphasis .
at the same time why rush all the way to this arc then slow to a crawl ?
i do n't know if you had watched shirobako but in it the director thinks he has a better vision of where the story should go than the source material author .
in that show they tried to paint it as a positive but to me not following the same vision as the author is a failure on their part .
sorry about the wall of text i 've seen stuff like this before the director not the animation team but never had even the potential chance to see if any of my conclusions are even remotely true .
it takes a few days for the applytexas app to connect with your eid .
so if i submit the applytexas app on december 1 i wo n't be able to use the eid to send transcripts and recommendations until at least december 2
it 's pretty funny how this sub demands perfection from the backup qb .
apparently he did n't do enough to win because he did n't lead a td drive after every turnover and throw for 6 tds .
not talking about you i 'm agreeing with you on all points
sticks and stones but me words will hurt but my break bones never may
edit just what i expect from the osrs community .
we should n't start it 's just xp waste .
i have tried it on l1 tho and that worked pretty well .
in the end i went back to circle though .
cultists trying to purge the impure what ya gon na do ?
i hope new mutants opens up the genre to more than just super-hero teamups .
about players ... in the end in higher leagues only 5-6 players can compete .
note that every player can be special trained to reach 7 lvl70 however those that 5-6 from the beginning tend to have better skills .
so you may want to look at the book .
and see their extreme evolution skills before making decisions .
example there is this dude that like to sits in his chair named celus .
one off his skill is to increase the attack of the enemy .
just happen to be there is this emo sadistic dude named damien .
his skill just happen to absorb the attack of the enemy .
when they are put together ... sparkles they are really handy to beat superb bosses .
i love em especially the presto mid utility this time of year and the flyknit ones which are kinda tough to find now are fantastic !
really because that 's the complete opposite of what literally every other coworker of his said .
girl you need to get up and redeem yourself .
when he return home i will have a big smile on my face bragging about how much fun i had on my little trip while he was gone .
just remember people do to you what you allow them to do and this includes your husband .
you are not a child so stop letting him treat you like one .
... and the witcher has like 100 hours of gameplay destiny can provide unlimited hours of online multiplayer .
i was going to kill you fast with bullets ... or neurotoxin .
but if you 're going to pull stunts like this it does n't have to be fast .
you 're gon na hurt a lot of people who would have otherwise voraciously devoured your content if you are n't careful .
look at critical role and other programs exclusively dedicated to d d content .
their fans absolutely eat up most of what they make watching/listening/reading multiple times making fan art etc .
get it guys he 's a loser who plays d d and lives in his basement ''
fire up the big bang theory and bust out the bazingas cause that 's the easiest way to alienate and cut your comedy off at the ankles .
was this white party where brielle filmed the alleged cockroaches in the bathroom ?
i do n't think there are 10 that are all truly unusable .
ghorst weak skills full-army poison is weaker than normal poison attacks
alberic very little to differentiate him from a normal bretonnian lord .
knight buffs replaced with plus leadership to knights of the realm .
peasant buffs replaced with small boost to ma for foot squires .
gelt good skills for gunpowder units with the reprisal update but still has a fairly weak spell selection compared to other caster lords .
azhag lore of death is cool but mediocre statwise .
kemmler good with krell but little to differentiate from a necromancer otherwise .
his monster-slaying gimmick is negated by the fact that he 'll constantly be knocked around .
unbreakable is just a good way to get him killed or take an excess of damage .
mazdamundi ruination of cities is too inconsistent for good results .
good once he 's on zlaaq and has all his combat skills but you 'll probably get better results with a stegadon-mounted skink priest .
fay enchantress same pitfall of being a caster lord with generic skills .
but lore of life is super useful unlike metal .
morathi other people are saying she 's meh so i 'll put here here .
so 10 is kinda hard and quite a few of these are just there to fill out the list .
mazdamundi 's spell selection does have some synergy net+anything and a lucky ruination will demolish half an army .
azhag is unique and lore of death is always good .
i do n't understand how anyone could still be salah-less .
the problem is as found in the wiki that you pretty much wont get above 500dps with edge of madness while atziris disfavour as an example even with the lowest rolls is 100dps above that .
yes you get chaos dmg through edge of madness but that does not scale hard enough especially for the attack skills you are probably gon na use with the weapon .
unless you can build ... . a poison based char with that weapon that actually has high dps it will forever be a leveling weapon ... on the other hand maybe you just need to wait and see whether they buff poison in 3.1 ...
i think the additional damage seems a bit high for something that already does a lot to restrict movement/disincentivise attacking anything other than you .
i would also think upcasting it should increase the amount of damage done as well as the radius .
other wise i love the idea and most of the execution .
plus no oxygen in the pipe no combustion until it mixes with air .
fargo is alright i have n't seen the most recent season but i do enjoy the show .
my people will roast me for curing cancer lol .
probably better to give it away on a larger subreddit like pcmasterrace and use some randomizer ...
i got the old lipsmackers flavor pack chapsticks the other day like i was a kid ..
however crowns occasionally go on sale so you could get it cheaper that way if you are willing to wait for the next one .
everyone thought black friday but they did n't do it so who knows .
you can make as many accounts as you want as long as you do n't engage in vote manipulation or vote on your own content and you do n't evade bans .
in my case give now needs the tags added directly onto the item name before the count number where before it came after the count and a damage value .
dave palumbo and chris aceto have had some great stories about him on rxmuscles radio show
idk if i was a kid i might have a great time getting all the top roomies autographs .
how do you know he was going to take all the posters and sell them ?
i do n't think i saw anyone mention the pearl district .
there are a couple of bars and restaurants around there and a venue that has music in the evenings .
please edit your post http i.imgur.com/wdqri6t.png to include your in-game trainer name and 3ds friend code .
there 's an edit '' button on mobile too .
if i made a mistake this info is in your flair or you 've now edited your name and code in report this comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemoonsun if you have any questions or concerns .
i love that the superimposed words are too pixelated to read .
sure are alot of posts about being white at the top thought this sub reddit was for conservatives ...
yeah that 's why they have to record football games on the satellites just to fit all the action in .
the democratic party used to be the party of the south and jfk d was america 's first catholic president .
it was such a big deal that jfk was catholic that he had to swear that he would put the american people before the word of the pope .
i 'll find a source if you like but rn im on mobile and that gets tedious .
i used my ticket and got 5 yuri i think
i am not sure if i should pull in the banner .
did n't get enough time to know how many banners are there or what characters to aim or whatnots .
the timing of my installation and the maintenance really get me .
does this subreddit just fucking repost everything that is on r/dankmemes ?
well we do n't know if floral fencer sticks they did not say all basic cards and floral fencer is out in arena..
so there is very much a possibility that even floral fencer is out along with most of swordcraft 's token generators .
and more importantly the cards that work with the tokens .
email spam also known as junk email is a type of electronic spam where unsolicited messages are sent by email .
many email spam messages are commercial in nature but may also contain disguised links that appear to be for familiar websites but in fact lead to phishing web sites or sites that are hosting malware .
spam email may also include malware as scripts or other executable file attachments trojans .
spam is named after spam luncheon meat by way of a monty python sketch in which spam in the sketch is ubiquitous unavoidable and repetitive .
here 's an idea lock the countdown behind a paywall on australia day !
you took the issue seriously responded in an educated elaborated manner took every precaution to be pretty clear was very reasonable and ended up with a superior argument .
edit that was sarcastic but seriously now i 'll quote hamilton nico had a very very clean year without any issues at all to be honest so that 's why we sit in this position right now .
so this is a relatively ... no but he did a fantastic job ... '' .
i 'm sorry to hear about what happened to you .
this is also what i 'm afraid of because of some liars throwing false accusations that those who are really telling the truth may not be taken seriously .
i 'm happy to know though that it was taken seriously in your district .
because in my place people who report stuff like these have the fear to be called over sensitive and ca n't jokes because apparently we have to understand that it is just their nature '' .
i 've reported the incident to my head already i hope he stops now .
toady said he was going to add them back but in hell at some point
i 'm a bit late here but here 's my set up https i.imgur.com/wkehwze.jpg
shaw bluesky tv dvr canadian equivalent to the x1 xfinity
email spam also known as junk email is a type of electronic spam where unsolicited messages are sent by email .
many email spam messages are commercial in nature but may also contain disguised links that appear to be for familiar websites but in fact lead to phishing web sites or sites that are hosting malware .
spam email may also include malware as scripts or other executable file attachments trojans .
spam is named after spam luncheon meat by way of a monty python sketch in which spam in the sketch is ubiquitous unavoidable and repetitive .
it 's just that depending on criteria and source france and uk are sometimes switched in ranking .
i remembered a study which ranked the nhs first last year but france was in the top 20 in that one as well .
noticeably absent of almost any top 20 are the usa though
pitou 's gender still gets regularly debated and that shit 's 7 years old news so if chrollo 's clothes was really that big of a deal it would be still getting play .
it 's basically just you being salted at this point .
pitou 's gender is a matter that is ambiguous in the source material itself and important to some fans and thus there is debate over it .
not something many people care to talk about even if they do n't particularly like it .
you can see that i had never previously talked about it either and i would n't have if the topic was not brought up in this post .
if an issue is minor does n't mean it does n't exist .
and nearly all people you 'll see nowadays are in one of these groups
started hxh by seeing 2011 knows only about chrollo 's 2011 design has accepted it as the real design there is nothing for them to talk about .
has read the manga before 2011 came out but also has watched 2011 when it came out has already issued their complaints when they first saw it of course they 're not still talking about it after 5 freaking years .
there was a lot of debate about it when 2011 designs came out his hair was dark in 1999 .
but how many people do you see talk about it now ?
every human who is complaining trying to promote his beliefs trying to rebel ... you can say they are all showing off in a way .
it just does n't have anything to do with dress codes .
none of those groups by default have a tendency to go shirtless .
i just said it was a bad choice because they changed his character even only a little .
you are pressed going nooo please accept it was a good choice !
why are you pretending that your interpretation is an absolute fact when it 's equally as much as a head canon as mine
well the part about it happening far from his introduction and him putting it on soon after are obviously facts .
my interpretation that when someone skips a shirt for a few hours it does n't mean they prefer to go shirtless all the time is also much more acceptable than your he took it off for some hours so that means he must like to be always shirtless ! ! '' .
knuckle also used to take off his shirt for his important battles .
does it mean he decides to be shirtless all the time ?
is pretty rich coming from the person accusing me shilling ideas as the gospel like you 're claiming that his boy titties being out somehow ruined aspects of his character
yes that 's right though such a small detail does n't 'ruin ' his character it just does a little harm .
choosing to be shirtless all the time is an attitude that is associated with more brash flashy loud kind of characters .
i already used canon material to rationalize why was n't completely out of bounds for madhouse 's decision and you could n't handle it because 'muh chrollo interpretation ' and chose to treated this like argument to be won when this is literally head canon shit .
he wears a shirt in the manga for 95 of all his appearances and that shows he does n't have a specific tendency for living without a shirt .
if you think just because chrollo never shouted out i hate to go shirtless for all the time ! ''
that means your headcanon is supported then you should also accept that chrollo sleep-walks because it does n't contradict the manga right ?
just because the manga does n't deny something outright does n't mean that 's part of his character .
there is no 'point ' because they is no right answer this is an discussion about character interpretations supported by canon material which is ultimately subjective .
you clearly like the shirtless option and i have no problem with you prefering something over what i like .
what i ca n't agree on is your claim that changing the design simply because 1 some people like it and 2 it does n't seem too far-fetched it is a good decision .
this is n't right because 1 some people do n't like it 2 not everything that does n't seem too far-fetched should be added to a character it 's still changing the character from what it has been .
we clearly disagree and neither is going to agree so why even go ten more post of saying the same shit ?
i 'm not going to bend and you think think this is a war to be won so why even bother bitching at brickwall when my time could be spent being productive ?
that 's was i 'm chucking you them deuces .
i always like to go on until either i 'm proved wrong or the other person is .
as long as you say something that i have an answer for i will provide that answer .
but of course there is no obligation for you to continue you can give up whenever you want .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makefile_dot_in_user if you have any questions or concerns .
the place where we put lures in our little city has some mt.moon spawn and duskull is common there at night it even spawn from the lured stops .
i guess it makes sense to not have 250 accounts staff librarians and discovery paralegals in a premium a grade office building in the middle of the cbd ...
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makefile_dot_in_user if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makefile_dot_in_user if you have any questions or concerns .
even a tiny subset of prolog datalog is universally useful .
but what a dumb ruby fanboy can even know about languages ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makefile_dot_in_user if you have any questions or concerns .
definitely call of duty fortnite is game of the year !
email spam also known as junk email is a type of electronic spam where unsolicited messages are sent by email .
many email spam messages are commercial in nature but may also contain disguised links that appear to be for familiar websites but in fact lead to phishing web sites or sites that are hosting malware .
spam email may also include malware as scripts or other executable file attachments trojans .
spam is named after spam luncheon meat by way of a monty python sketch in which spam in the sketch is ubiquitous unavoidable and repetitive .
out of interest is there an advantage of using vimeo ?
more copyright control or something or is it just seen as more arty ?
you also wear a wig on the tip of your dick ?
email spam also known as junk email is a type of electronic spam where unsolicited messages are sent by email .
many email spam messages are commercial in nature but may also contain disguised links that appear to be for familiar websites but in fact lead to phishing web sites or sites that are hosting malware .
spam email may also include malware as scripts or other executable file attachments trojans .
spam is named after spam luncheon meat by way of a monty python sketch in which spam in the sketch is ubiquitous unavoidable and repetitive .
email spam also known as junk email is a type of electronic spam where unsolicited messages are sent by email .
many email spam messages are commercial in nature but may also contain disguised links that appear to be for familiar websites but in fact lead to phishing web sites or sites that are hosting malware .
spam email may also include malware as scripts or other executable file attachments trojans .
